Eggs are to the morning what scotch is to the start of a steak dinner, a perfect compliment.
Eggs are together and the larvae feed side by side, creating a large gallery.
Eggs are tough to balance for two reasons.
Eggs are traditional symbols in most cultures of spring and new life.
Eggs are translucent and comparatively large.
Eggs are translucent and resemble tiny droplets of water.
Eggs are transparent, adhesive, and are deposited in spaces between the gravel.
Eggs are transported to incubators where the eggs are then transferred to numbered baskets.
Eggs are underneath the old scale covering of the mother.
Eggs are undescribed.
Eggs are unembrionated and contain a granular material.
Eggs are unfertilised and produce only female offspring.
Eggs are used for breeds.
Eggs are used for cooking.
Eggs are used for food.
Eggs are used for nurturings.
Eggs are used for scramblings.
Eggs are used for sexual reproduction.
Eggs are used for throwings.
Eggs are usually good if refrigerated for one to two weeks after purchase.
Eggs are usually numerous and can be demonstrated without concentration techniques.
Eggs are usually quite difficult to move, whereas hair muffs and other items slide easily.
Eggs are usually safe if they are used within two weeks after the sell-date on the carton.
Eggs are valuable.
Eggs are variable from yellow to orange or yellow-brown.
Eggs are versatile, convenient, and tasty.
Eggs are versatile, that means they can be used and cooked in many different ways.
Eggs are very dark, bulletlike, and laid in rows.
Eggs are very good for dogs.
Eggs are very minute and have appearance of poppy seeds in shape.
Eggs are very obvious symbols of resurrection and continuing life.
Eggs are very rare in North Carolina.
Eggs are very small and white.
Eggs are very small, but can be seen with naked eyes.
Eggs are very small, slightly elongated, and laid under the calyx of green bolls.
Eggs are very susceptible to dry conditions and are rapidly destroyed during the dry season.
Eggs are very unhealthy to eat.
Eggs are visible in the female's abdomen.
Eggs are vulnerable to adverse circumstances, like drought, extreme temperatures and fungi.
Eggs are white and are laid inside the developing pecan nuts.
Eggs are white and are laid on the soil close to young plants.
Eggs are white and deposited singly or in small clusters on short weeds and soybean stubble.
Eggs are white and elongated, and are usually inserted into a petiole or stem.
Eggs are white and evenly spotted with reddish brown.
Eggs are white and laid every other day.
Eggs are white and laid vertically on the underside of leaves.
Eggs are white and lenticular in shape becoming clear red after a few days.
Eggs are white and speckled brown.
Eggs are white and tiny.
Eggs are white in color and are usually less than half and inch in size.
Eggs are white in color.
Eggs are white on long thread-like stalk.
Eggs are white or pale blue and spotted with brown and normally number four to five.
Eggs are white or translucent and often nearly spherical.
Eggs are white to grayish-white.
Eggs are white to pink or cinnamon and heavily blotched with dark brown.
Eggs are white to reddish-brown with a dark speckling.
Eggs are white with a black stripe and are dropped to the ground from trees in the fall.
Eggs are white with fine dots of reddish brown concentrated at the larger end.
Eggs are white with light brown markings.
Eggs are white with two black bands and a white spot.
Eggs are white, microscopic, and elongated.
Eggs are white, oblong, and very small.
Eggs are white, with black or brown spots.
Eggs are white.
Eggs are whitish in colour when first laid, but gradually turn brown.
Eggs are whitish, cylindrical, and deposited along edge of the egg gallery.
Eggs are whitish, sparingly blotched with rich brown and slate-gray mostly at the larger end.
Eggs are yellow and laid in masses.
Eggs are yellow and laid in small clusters often stuck to leaves.
Eggs are yellow with a nearly smooth surface.
Eggs are yellow, barrel-shaped and laid in clusters.
Eggs are yellow, irregularly shaped and resemble grains of sand.
Eggs are yellow, oval, and typically are laid in clusters on the undersides of leaves.
Eggs are yellow, oval-shaped, and typically laid in clusters on the undersurfaces of leaves.
Eggs are yellow, rounded, with flattened ends.
Eggs are yellow, spindle-shaped and laid on end in clusters on the undersides of the leaves.
Eggs are yellow.
Eggs are yellowish to orange and are laid in a cottony mass.
Eggs arrive for pasteurization via conveyer.
Eggs attach to the base of hairs and require a week to hatch.
Eggs automatically roll from cages onto conveyer belts for prompt collection.
Eggs automatically roll out for collection and are gathered twice a day.
Eggs become a popular consumer item.
Eggs become arid shells.
Eggs become caterpillars.
Eggs become infective after being outside the pig for one month.
Eggs become particularly apparent when contrasted on dark-colored surfaces.
Eggs begin to hatch around late pink.
Eggs begin to hatch at prepink bud stages and continue throughout bloom.
Eggs belong where they are.
Eggs Bring oil, water, salt and pepper to a boil.
Eggs can again be part of a healthy, weight-loss diet.
Eggs can be both vegitarian and non-vegitarian.
Eggs can be decorate d with jewels, handpainted scenes, decopage, and many other creative items.
Eggs can be extremely numerous, several hundred per square inch.
Eggs can be green, blue, speckled, and so on.
Eggs can be greenish, grayish, pinkish, or bluish.
Eggs can be hard-boiled in advance.
Eggs can be over- or underpoached.
Eggs can be part of a healthy diet.
Eggs can be present in the stool in infections with all Schistosoma species.
Eggs can bind ingredients as in meatloaves or croquettes.
Eggs can drop off pets in areas where they nap, such as doormats and under favorite trees.
Eggs can explode.
Eggs can hatch as quickly as two days or take as long as two weeks, depending on the environment.
Eggs can hatch at any time of the day or night.
Eggs can hatch in as little as an inch of standing water.
Eggs can hatch in as little as two weeks with favorable environmental conditions.
Eggs can hatch in one to three days if laid on warm water.
Eggs can hatch on weekends when no one is in school to care for the chicks.
Eggs can hatch several days apart giving the oldest chick a head start.
Eggs can remain infective for months to years.
Eggs can remain viable for years even in the absence of a suitable host.
Eggs can remain viable in soil for many months.
Eggs can stand a fairly long cooling and still hatch well.
Eggs can survive for years in the soil.
Eggs can survive in the environment for up to two months.
Eggs can survive in the soil for many years even when a host plant is absent.
Eggs can take from days to months to hatch.
Eggs can vary quite a lot.
Eggs can withstand cold temperatures, which is why they survive dormancy through the winter.
Eggs can withstand desiccation.
Eggs cause chickens.
Eggs cause damage to various tissues, particularly the bladder and liver.
Eggs change colour through the incubation period.
Eggs cleave radially.
Eggs come from birds.
Eggs come from chickens.
Eggs come from female chickens, called hens.
Eggs come from hens.
Eggs come from wombs, and wombs are attached to women.
Eggs come in a great variety of shapes.
Eggs come in a variety of colors and patterns.
Eggs come in a variety of colors, patterns, shapes and textures.
Eggs come in an incredible variety of shapes, sizes and markings.
Eggs come in different sizes and colors.
Eggs come in different sizes, colors, and grades.
Eggs come in different sizes.
Eggs come in lots of different colors and sizes.
Eggs come in many different sizes.
Eggs come in several size - jumbo, extra large, large, medium, small, peewee.
Eggs come in variety of dehydrated forms.
Eggs come out in the carnivore s droppings and contaminate plants that are eaten by the herbivore.
Eggs come with their own set of pros and cons.
Eggs commonly develop and hatch inside the reproductive system.
Eggs contain a yolk and a white.
Eggs contain all nine essential amino acids.
Eggs contain few cells and have one of the lowest potassium contents among high-protein foods.
Eggs contain lecithin which balances their cholesterol.
Eggs contain no cholesterol.
Eggs contain no trans fat.
Eggs contain one of the best proteins for the hair.
Eggs contain the highest quality food protein known to mankind.
Eggs contain the sulfur-bearing amino acids which aid detoxification.
Eggs contribute to obesity, heart disease, and other serious health problems.
Eggs contribute to the structure of a baked product.
Eggs cook very quickly.
Eggs depend upon body warmth to incubate.
Eggs deteriorate more in one day at room temperature than during one week in the refrigerator.
Eggs develop and contaminate in the environments.
Eggs develop and hatch as tiny froglets.
Eggs develop by dividing unequally instead of in the spiral pattern of other molluscs.
Eggs develop faster in warm water than in cool water.
Eggs develop in archegonia.
Eggs develop in follicles in the ovaries.
Eggs develop in the capsule and emerge as veligers.
Eggs develop in the ovaries and then pass through the oviducts and into the vagina.
Eggs develop in the ovaries and then travel through the oviducts to the uterus.
Eggs develop inside of the archegonia.
Eggs develop into immature worms, travel through the arteries, and are transported to muscles.
Eggs develop into larvae.
Eggs develop into tiny worms in the cocoon and crawl out through one end when ready to emerge.
Eggs develop within the female archegonium .
Eggs die on their own after several weeks.
Eggs differ in size and shape depending on the species.
Eggs differ in the amount and location of yolk.
Eggs do the same but less strongly then meats.
Eggs ellipsoidal with smooth shell.
Eggs enter diapause and stay in ephippia until conditions are favorable.
Eggs enter soil with contaminated human feces.
Eggs escape through a midbody hole called the gonopore in the female.
Eggs escape through the coelomic pore which connects the body cavity to the outside.
Eggs fall off pets and hatch into larvae.
Eggs fill the proglottid.
Eggs float in midwater, sink as larvae develop.
Eggs fly into the air and miraculously land on the blade, or are pierced on the point, of a knife.
Eggs freeze very well if they are separated.
Eggs generally hatch within a week to ten days.
Eggs get a bad rap when it comes to weight loss.
Eggs get darker in color just before hatching.
Eggs Get the secret to making perfect eggs in the shell.
Eggs give emulsifying.
Eggs go with anything.
Eggs grow and mature in the female flea's abdomen before they are laid in the animal's fur.
Eggs hatch a couple of days or weeks after the water warms up.
Eggs hatch approximately two months after they are deposited.
Eggs hatch more quickly in warmer water, with the time averaging two to three weeks.
Eggs hatch one day after being deposited.
Eggs hatch out as leaf-eating caterpillars, completing the life cycle.
Eggs hatch rapidly and larval young drift downstream to deep waters.
Eggs hatch rapidly, normally within two weeks.
Eggs hatch several months later and the juveniles establish feeding territories.
Eggs hatch several weeks later and the babies are ready to leave the nest about a month later.
Eggs hatch the following spring.
Eggs hatch two days after being laid.
Eggs have (part) cell membranes.
Eggs have (part) chromatin.
Eggs have (part) chromosomes.
Eggs have (part) corpi.
Eggs have (part) cytoplasm.
Eggs have (part) cytoskeletons.
Eggs have (part) lobes.
Eggs have (part) nuclei.
Eggs have (part) plasma membranes.
Eggs have (part) sections.
Eggs have (part) vacuoles.
Eggs have (part) yolks.
Eggs have a bad rap.
Eggs have a better chance of hatching if they miss autumn frosts.
Eggs have a big supply of protein.
Eggs have a limited amount of yolk, which requires that larvae begin to feed after the first day.
Eggs have a richer colour in the yolk, are larger and full of flavor.
Eggs have a richer colour in the yolk, are larger and full of flavour.
Eggs have a shape of their own, even more wonderful than the ellipse.
Eggs have a shellfull of nutrients.
Eggs have a sticky coating and stick to objects where they are laid.
Eggs have a textured surface and are chalky white in color.
Eggs have a white pearly color.
Eggs have cholesterol.
Eggs have far less fat than many take-away foods.
Eggs have leathery shells and are laid on land.
Eggs have lots of calcium.
Eggs have more cholesterol than chicken and come from the same place.
Eggs have no vitamin C because the chick can produce it from food it eats.
Eggs have pores in the shell.
Eggs have shells.
Eggs have some as well.
Eggs have spine like forecasts noticeable at one end and are differentiated by their oval form.
Eggs have the highest quality protein of any food.
Eggs have the highest-quality protein nature can provide, rivaled only by soy.
Eggs have therefore special mechanisms to grow to their large size.
Eggs have thick membrane and some packaged in egg case.
Eggs have to be individually cushioned to make it through.
Eggs have to look like eggs.
Eggs have two shell membranes, the inner and outer shell membranes.
Eggs have vitamins and minerals.
Eggs have yolk and they develop outside the parent.
Eggs help even much damaged hair to appear healthier and stronger.
Eggs help make a meal nutritious, and are very popular in Japan.
Eggs help put air in the dough and also keep the cake together.
Eggs help to keep our eyes healthy.
Eggs hold babies that are new.
Eggs hold some big surprises, Speckled, brown, white, or blue.
Eggs hold the mixture together.
Eggs illustrate transition from non-existence to life.
Eggs incubate about four weeks and fledging takes place after about ten weeks.
Eggs incubate and hatch.
Eggs incubate in the gravel for one to two months depending on water temperature.
Eggs incubate in the gravel through the fall and winter and emerge during the spring.
Eggs incubate in the ground for eight months.
Eggs indicate eggs in the ovaries.
Eggs initially are whitish to yellowish white in color, but turn gray as they age.
Eggs keep fresh longer in the refrigerator.
Eggs keep unborn bed bugs safe from insecticides.
Eggs keep well in the refrigerator.
Eggs lack the stalk found in green lacewing eggs.
Eggs laid by females become nonviable after mating with radiation-treated males.
Eggs laid by mated pairs of adult worms, however, can cause inflammation and hemorrhaging.
Eggs laid by snakes generally have leathery shells which often adhere to one another .
Eggs laid by snakes generally have leathery shells which often adhere to one another.
Eggs laid by the female moths start the cycle over again.
Eggs laid by the females fall off into carpeting, the pet s bedding, etc., where they hatch.
Eggs laid by the females fall off into carpeting, the pet's bedding, etc., where they hatch.
Eggs leave the cat in the feces and hatch in fresh water.
Eggs leave the ovaries when a queen mates with a tomcat.
Eggs lie in wait for the following spring.
Eggs look like green grapes.
Eggs lose a little fertility each day they are stored.
Eggs make chickens.
Eggs Make paper mache paste as above.
Eggs Make sure eggs are cooked thoroughly to reduce the risk of salmonella food poisoning.
Eggs make wine taste metallic.
Eggs mature before they leave the ovary.
Eggs mature in less than a month and queens can survive for years.
Eggs mature in the intestine.
Eggs mature over winter inside the bag, and the cycle repeats the following year.
Eggs mature underneath the female scale.
Eggs metamorphose in two to four weeks.
Eggs normally contain a single X chromosome.
Eggs normally hatch in two days to two weeks.
Eggs normally have the same color as the dragon variety, though somewhat duller in hue.
Eggs offer exceptional nutritional value and contain particular high quality protein.
Eggs parasitized by it turn black and are easy to distinguish from normal eggs.
Eggs pass down the pancreatic duct, make their way to the intestine, and exit in the feces.
Eggs pass from it into an oviduct.
Eggs pass from the ovary into the oviduct.
Eggs pass out in the feces.
Eggs pass out with body wastes.
Eggs pass out with the faecal material unembryonated.
Eggs pass out with the feces and, if they contaminate food, are introduced to another host.
Eggs pass with feces.
Eggs play a very important part in ancient myths regarding the vernal equinox.
Eggs possess the unique property of creating foams.
Eggs produce only females.
Eggs produce the best volume when used at room temperature.
Eggs produced by female cockroaches are enclosed in resilient egg cases known as oothecae.
Eggs produced by the female are passed out in the faeces.
Eggs provide an overwintering stage for many nematode species.
Eggs provide high-quality protein and vitamins along with iron and other trace minerals.
Eggs provide nutrients necessary for the developing embryo.
Eggs provide protein and flavor.
Eggs provide protein and the calcium in the shell is beneficial for laying hens.
Eggs provide protein as well.
Eggs provide some iron, but it is poorly absorbed.
Eggs range from white to yellow.
Eggs range in color from creamy pink to reddish-brown.
Eggs reach the soil in the feces, and being extremely hardy, can survive in moist soil for years.
Eggs receive no parental care, and hatchlings leave the nest several months later.
Eggs remain attached to the abdomen until they hatch.
Eggs remain dormant until spring, or spring the following year.
Eggs remain in diapause until the next spring.
Eggs remain in gravel substrates and hatch during winter, and fry emerge in spring.
Eggs remain in gravel substrates over winter until they hatch and emerge as fry during spring.
Eggs remain in the gill cavities until they hatch four to five months later.
Eggs remain in the liver until the host is devoured or the liver undergoes postmortem decomposition.
Eggs remain in the mesohyl.
Eggs remain in the old bags through winter and hatch the following spring.
Eggs remain incubated during the cold winter period and hatch at the beginning of spring.
Eggs remain on the spawning ground until they hatch the following spring.
Eggs remain viable in the soil for many months.
Eggs represent life.
Eggs represent the circle of life, the cycle of birth and death.
Eggs require greater energy investments than sperm.
Eggs resemble kegs and are laid on end in groups.
Eggs return via the bile duct to the digestive system and exit from the body in feces.
Eggs roll in a funny and wobbly way.
Eggs roll on to rollers and are gently hurried to the central packing area.
Eggs roll right from the hen to a conveyor belt into a packaging or processing facility next door.
Eggs rot in the body.
Eggs seem to have gotten a bad rap.
Eggs separate better when they are at room temperature.
Eggs serve as the glue, holding the custard together through coagulating or solidifying when heated.
Eggs sink to the bottom and hatch in several days to one week.
Eggs sit in their shells and even get partially cooked from the heat near the broiler.
Eggs soon drop off or are brushed off.
Eggs spend the winter beneath the bark of twigs and hatch in late spring.
Eggs stand on end.
Eggs stand out as being different from their surroundings.
Eggs start to deteriorate from the time they are laid.
Eggs start to hatch in late spring.
Eggs stay high quality for three to four weeks after pack date.
Eggs stay within the mother's body until hatched.
Eggs stick to the transparent tape.
Eggs strengthen cell structure.
Eggs supply a variety of minerals and vitamins, with iron in the yolk being especially noteworthy.
Eggs survive the winters along the coast of the more northern states.
Eggs symbolize birth and fertility in many cultures.
Eggs symbolize new life and new beginnings.
Eggs symbolize new life, of course, and wheaten cakes, grain.
Eggs take a week or so to develop.
Eggs take about a month to hatch.
Eggs take about a week to hatch.
Eggs take about eleven to thirteen days to hatch.
Eggs take about four months to hatch.
Eggs take anywhere from a few days to a few weeks to hatch.
Eggs take around seven weeks to hatch.
Eggs taste great.
Eggs tend to coat the tongue making it difficult to taste wine.
Eggs tend to hatch in heavy rain, facilitating the release of tadpoles into the water below.
Eggs then develop inside the female.
Eggs then hatch as a nauplius, a larva consisting of a head and a telson.
Eggs then hatch in spring.
Eggs too are a symbol of new birth and fertility.
Eggs turn a pale straw color just before hatching.
Eggs turn black just prior to hatching.
Eggs turn into birds.
Eggs turn pink, then red as the embryo develops, finally turning brown prior to hatching.
Eggs turn white when dead.
Eggs typically hatch within one to two weeks and the newly emerged borers chew through the bark.
Eggs typically hatch within one to two weeks, and the newly emerged borers chew through the bark.
Eggs typically turn black before adult wasps emerge.
Eggs vary greatly in size, shape, and color.
Eggs vary in color and texture from one species to another.
Eggs weigh about three pounds each and have a very hard, glazed, cream-colored shell.
Eggs when spawned are passed through the gills and are retained in the mantle chamber.
Eggs work well in both moving and still water.
Eggs always go in the refrigerator.
Eggs Always use grade A large eggs.
Eggs often are beautifully colored and ornamental.
Eggs often come up in reproductive health discussion.
Eggs often hatch over a three day period which is unusual for any member of the quail family.
Eggs often take wax and dye differently.
Eggs usually are produced in groups and in structures called egg pods.
Eggs usually develop and hatch in reproductory system.
Eggs usually develop in approximately one to two weeks.
Eggs usually hatch in about a month.
Eggs usually hatch in about five days.
Eggs usually hatch in about four weeks.
Eggs usually hatch in early spring.
Eggs usually hatch in late winter.
Eggs usually hatch in less than a week.
Eggs usually hatch in the spring or early summer.
Eggs usually hatch in three to five days.
Eggs usually hatch into small spiders within three weeks.
Eggs usually hatch within a week.
Eggs usually hatch within seven days.
Eggs usually hatch within ten days of delivery.
Eggs usually ovate, ground-colored white and speckled.
All eggs are approx.
All eggs are covered by a protective shell.
All eggs are different depending on the country and climate.
All eggs are fertilized, so all individuals are diploid.
All eggs are infertile and non-viable.
All eggs are out of our own stock of mature hens that are on a vaccination program.
All eggs are real eggs that have been hollowed out by mouth blowing unless otherwise specified.
All eggs are real, and have been blown and cleaned.
All eggs are strictly first class.
All eggs contain one X chromosome, and half of all sperm carry an X chromosome.
All eggs depict endangered species.
All eggs hatch in early spring.
All eggs have a dot on the yolk but fertile eggs have a target in that dot.
All eggs have over-all designs.
All eggs require a sufficient quantity of salt, to promote their solution in the stomach.
Every egg breathes.
Every egg counts.
Every egg has an opening on the broader side that enables a sperm to penetrate in.
Every egg has one hole out of which the yolk and white have been drained.
Every egg has the seed idea of the mother bird and the father bird in itself.
Every egg is different.
Every egg is enveloped in a follicle.The color is a result of the large amount of yolk in each ovum.
Every egg is filled with misery, and the egg industry is merciless.
Every egg is signed, dated, and can be personalized.
Every egg produced by the woman carries a single X chromosome.
Many eggs fail to fertilize and only a small percentage hatch.
More eggs fail due to incorrect humidity than for any other reason.
Most eggs also have a leathery hard layer to keep the eggs from drying out.
Most eggs are already dead in the first stage of their development.
Most eggs are laid in early morning.
Most eggs are laid in the hollow of a tree and are incubated by the parents until they hatch.
Most eggs are laid in the leaf stalk or main veins.
Most eggs are laid near the tips of the leaves, close to the midveins.
Most eggs are oval.
Most eggs are protected by a cocoon that is placed in water or in earth.
Most eggs are very small.
Most eggs can survive the winter and hatch in the spring.
Most eggs carry salmonella bacteria on the shell.
Most eggs collected are between two and six inches in diameter.
Most eggs come from birds.
Most eggs come from chickens.
Most eggs come from hens.
Most eggs contain oil droplets and are buoyant.
Most eggs fail to hatch.
Most eggs hatch in a few days to reveal the second stage of the life cycle, the larvae.
Most eggs have a fair degree of tolerance for temperature fluctuations for short periods.
Most eggs have yet to hatch, and it is too early for treatment against the summer generation.
Most eggs make chickens.
Most eggs offer deflector plates, extra racks and other add-ons.
Most eggs turn into birds.
Most eggs used in baking are at room temperature.
Some egg laying wounding can occur on plants such as maple, crabapple and honeylocust.
Some egg omelettes contain sausage.
Some EGGs appear as nothing but tiny bumps on the surface of the columns.
Some eggs are a little hard-boiled, and take longer to crack.
Some eggs are eaten by ants and provide extra nourishment.
Some eggs are empty already, and above the middle a hatched larvae swims along.
Some eggs are laid on top of leaves or stems.
Some eggs are located in birds.
Some eggs are more than eight millimetres long.
Some eggs are soiled with blood from minor tissue damage or mud or feces from the nest box.
Some eggs are still unhatched.
Some eggs bring spiders, and some men appear More venom'd than the worst of spiders are.
Some eggs can hatch in just two or three days.
Some eggs come from ducks.
Some eggs come from frogs.
Some eggs come from pigeons.
Some eggs come from snails.
Some eggs come from snakes.
Some eggs come from spiders.
Some eggs come from turkeys.
Some eggs come from turtles.
Some eggs contain brecciated rock fragments, while others show faulting, offset, and healing.
Some eggs emerge from chickens.
Some eggs even have gold hinges with little eggshell doors that open.
Some eggs hatch before winter, a few weeks after being laid.
Some eggs have a line of weakness which facilitates the exit of insect at hatching.
Some eggs have blood clots, pieces of tissue of the oviduct or some rare cases, worms.
Some eggs have plasma membranes that are difficult to pierce.
Some eggs hold the remains of an embryo that can be identified to a particular species.
Some eggs make caterpillars.
Some eggs make geese.
Some eggs provide chicks.
Some eggs turn into tadpoles.
An egger is a moth
Egger also recommends that companies clearly describe promotion channels.
Egger says many dot-coms themselves lack industry depth.
Eggers also thinks the surgery was successful.
Eggers are companies.
Eggers can finish as high as fourth by winning two matches today.
Eggers explicitly anticipates all possible criticisms, all possible objections.
Eggers gleefully flouts literary convention by refusing to worship at the altar of the muse.
Eggers has a distinct voice and something to say.
Eggers is a co-ed residence hall.
Eggers is a residence hall for female students.
Eggers is brutally honest with each reader.
Eggers is no stranger to revamping government.
Eggers is owner of probably the most Googled name out there right now.
Eggers prefers direct exchange of information, period.
Eggers replies, and waits for the guy to come up.
Eggers soon invites everyone outside.
An egghead is an intellectual
Eggheads is open seven days a week.
Eggheads decision is just the tip of the iceberg.
Eggplant dip is popular in many Mediterranean countries.
Eggplant extract is used to treat various skin cancers in several countries.
Eggplant fruit become pithy and bitter as they reach an overmature condition.
Eggplant lesions are pale brown, sunken, with pycnidia arranged in a circle.
Eggplant puree mixed with green pepper and tomato is kiopoolu, a Bulgarian spread.
Eggplant volume remains steady.
An eggplant is a vegetable
Eggplants are a finicky plant, hard to get started, and best attempted by the meticulous grower.
Eggplants are delectable vegetables.
Eggplants are done when batter is tan-brown and zucchini is done when it turns bright green.
Eggplants are from hell.
Eggplants are fruit.
Eggplants are heavy feeders and benefit from regular fertilization throughout the growing season.
Eggplants are herbs.
Eggplants are in the same family as tomatoes and peppers.
Eggplants are part of eggplants.
Eggplants are plants.
Eggplants are prickly at the stem end so handle with care.
Eggplants are slightly larger plants than peppers and are spaced slightly farther apart.
Eggplants are suitable for growing in large containers or tubs.
Eggplants are vegetables.
Eggplants are very perishable and become bitter with age.
Eggplants are very responsive to the use of plastic mulches in the Midwest.
Eggplants become bitter with age and are very perishable.
Eggplants bruise easily so harvest gently.
Eggplants come in a few easy to find varieties.
Eggplants have a dimple at the blossom end.
Eggplants have a small amount of nutrients.
Eggplants have no egg.
Eggplants have their best flavor when they are harvested young.
Eggplants love warm temperatures and grow best in full sun.
All eggplants are high in potassium and are considered a natural laxative and sedative.
All eggplants have a dimple at the blossom end that can either be round or oval.
All eggplants thrive in containers, but varieties with smaller fruits look more in proportion.
Most eggplants become rich purple and have a high gloss.
An eggshell is a cover
Eggshell chalk is for sidewalks only.
Eggshell changes in certain North American birds.
Eggshell crepe in a loose shirred design with a golden wheat accent head panel.
Eggshell is velvety but with slight tooth or roughness.
Eggshell isa covering.
Eggshells add calcium to the soil.
Eggshells add lime to the soil.
Eggshells also contain carbon and oxygen isotopes, as well as some trace elements.
Eggshells are better for several reasons.
Eggshells are containers.
Eggshells are eggshells.
Eggshells are essential to keep the bedding from becoming too acidic for the worms.
Eggshells are extremely flammable.
Eggshells are incredibly strong for their weight.
Eggshells are okay.
Eggshells are organic matter.
Eggshells are porous .
Eggshells are porous so that air get in and out of the egg.
Eggshells become rough and the egg white becomes watery.
Eggshells have (part) sections.
Eggshells have tiny pores to let the embryos inside breathe.
Eggshells help balance the bin's pH or acidity level.
Eggshells help female birds replace calcium lost during egg production and laying.
Eggshells store and preserve amino acids particularly well.
All eggshells start out white .
An egis is a shell
EGIS offers for several known brands of dishes mechanical solutions.
Eglomerate tile consists of tiny marble particles and plastic that have been glued together.
Ego death is impossible without an ego to lose.
Ego deficits occur when the mother was insufficient in giving loving care.
Ego functions are exactly like riding a bicycle.
Ego goals are performance goals and task goals are mastery goals.
Ego integrity refers to ways of maintaining one's well being in later life.
Ego theory maintains that meaningful work helps the personality develop and mature.
Ego thought is limited.
Ego begins to churn thoughts and emotions around and around.
Ego is minds.
Ego is pride
Ego is pride.
Ego soon takes over.
Egos are a very tricky thing to deal with.
Egos are at stake.
Egos are chronic dreamers that elude and delude.
Egos are for losers.
Egos are fragile.
Egos are large, so is the desire to win.
Egos are on the line.
Egos are out of control.
Egos are somewhat touchy and patience short, so balance self-assertion with diplomacy.
Egos are that way, sometimes.
Egos are the problem in the front-line guys.
Egos are well suppressed and flames absent, a refreshing change from other venues.
Egos become fragile.
Egos come and egos go, As branches fall and petals grow.
Egos come into it.
Egos get in the way of sound tactics.
Egos get tossed out the window, artists learn from one another and good things happen.
Egos get very strong and the desire to get national recognition becomes a driving force.
Egos have to be checked at the door.
Egos have to be put aside.
Egos range from almost none to out of control.
Egos run high.
Egos stay home.
Egos tend to clash when a good group of golfers catches up to an average group.
All ego is fear.
Many egos can be at work together and are interrelated.
Most egos wither as a result.
Some egos are older than others and therefore more developed in character and intelligence.
Egocentric actors learn to display humility and self-sacrifice.
Egocentric empathy occurs next and during the second year.
All egocentric motivation based merely on fear of hell or hope of reward is less effective.
Egocentric orientation is influenced by trained voluntary cyclorotary eye movements.
Egocentric people are often unable to fully understand or to cope with other people's opinions.
Egocentric speech develops and evolves into inner speech, then declines as inner speech appears.
Egocentric speech develops into internal speech.
Egocentric speech is the key to studying inner speech because it is the stage that precedes it.
Egocentric tendencies extend to their groups.
Egocentric thought diminishes.
An egocentric is a person
Egocentrics love to make things intricate and hard to understand.
Egocentrism begins strongly and then weakens.
Egocentrism is a trait
Egocentrism is different from both egoism and narcissism.
Egocentrism is the inability to imagine the world from any perspective other than one's own.
Egocentrism starts out strong in early childhood, but weakens.
Egoic manifestation is produced at individualization.
Egoic manifestation is produced through the medium of two fires.
All egoic units are upon some subray of the monadic ray.
Egoism breeds schisms, hatreds and attachments.
Egoism causes problems for other scientists and the scientific community.
Egoism divides into both a positive and normative ethic.
Egoism is a trait
Egoism is also a symptom, an open and running venereal sore on the genitals of the mind.
Egoism is an indulgence which perverts and diminishes the creative process.
Egoism is derived from the instinct of self-preservation and therefore is a strong force.
Egoism is of two kinds, gross and subtle.
Egoism is overcome only by generosity.
Egoism is self-absorption.
Egoism is selfishness on principle, and the establishment really dislikes selfishness.
Egoism is the greatest sin.
Egoism is the idea that people help each other based on some sort of personal gain.
Egoism is the identifying of the power that sees with the power of seeing.
Egoism is theories.
Egoism is therefore a good thing.
Egoism is traits.
Egoism is worthless and just vociferous.
Egoism means being selfish on dispense of others.
Egoism runs directly counter to it.
All egoism is met with an equally strong egoism from outside.
Every egoism operates in society and by the fact of society.
An egoist is a person
Egoists enjoy receiving and keep that enjoyment within.
Egoists exploit everything they come across.
Egoistic acts are chains round the neck of a conceited person.
An egomania is a mania
Egomania is the composition of ego and mania .
Egotism feels secret pleasure in hurting others.
Egotism has the same source.
Egotism is a front for insecurity.
Egotism is constant, excessive reference to oneself, in writing or speaking.
Egotism is nature's compensation for mediocrity.
Egotism is one substance with two faces - love and hatred.
Egotism is repulsive.
Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity.
Egotism is the attempt to be or do something through either personal, physical, or mental effort.
Egotism is the extroverted face of insecurity.
Egotism is vanity
Egotism prevents many from seeing the truth of Christian revelation.
Egotism always sees things in terms of better and worse, so it is always having to prove something.
An egotist is a person
Egotist loves only one soul in the entire world.
Egotists are often experts and know more than others on the team about a particular subject.
Egotists kill themselves as a way of gaining the attention of other people.
Egotists love to show off and have their knowledge appreciated.
Egress lighting is provided via emergency battery lights.
Egress systems are safe, if proper maintence, inspection, and training are implemented.
An egress is a beginning
Egress associated with an accident is usually in response to an emergency situation.
Egress is by swim platform or ladders.
Egress is terminated when the individual actually exits the equipment.
Egress is the other half.
Egress means the exit or way off the premises.
Egress means to go out, go forth, a means of escape.
Egress switch The owner switch of the destination endstation of a call connection.
Egresses are acts.
Egresses are part of eclipse.
An egret is a heron
Egrets are beautiful white birds that roost on the back of cows.
Egrets are excellent at hunting fish.
Egrets are herons.
Egrets arise in the dawn.
Egrets build nests on the channel markers, and beautiful old trees overhang the water.
Egrets eat fish, frogs, snakes, crawfish, and large insects.
Egrets fly overhead and monkeys chatter nearby.
Egrets fly overhead.
Egrets inhabit swamps, brushy lake borders, ponds, Susquehanna River shallows, islands and mudflats.
Egrets nest in rookeries.
Egrets perch on moss-covered rocks and falcons soar overhead, in hunt of their prey.
Egrets perch on the gray skeleton of an abandoned fishing shack.
Egrets squawk in the reeds at the water's edge.
Egrets swoop down to feast on worms.
Egrets use their long legs to wade about the shore, catching minnows, shrimps, and frogs for dinner.
Egypt has (part) Egyptian capital.
Egypt is part of Africa.
Egypt isa thing.
Some egyptian actors know for roles.
Egyptian agriculture develops.
Egyptian animosity begins to grow toward their Hebrews.
Egyptian applicants are welcome.
Egyptian architecture is impressive, but here it is portrayed with a certain hyperbole.
Egyptian armies have greek soldiers.
Egyptian armies have many soldiers.
Egyptian armies have soldiers.
Most egyptian armies have greek soldiers.
Most egyptian armies have many soldiers.
Most egyptian armies have soldiers.
Egyptian art works.
Egyptian astronomers possess ability.
Most egyptian astronomers possess ability.
Egyptian astronomy begins in prehistoric times.
Egyptian authorities continue to use such rubrics to prosecute journalists.
Egyptian bankers are reluctant to give loans to small businesses for fear of default.
Egyptian bondage is as nothing compared with the slavery demanded by the great tyrant of that day.
Egyptian bread is a flatbread, called aysh, similar to pita bread.
Egyptian businessmen are unanimous that the potential for increased trade is considerable.
Egyptian businessmen fly to Indonesia.
Some Egyptian capital is part of Africa.
Some Egyptian capital is part of Egypt.
Egyptian caraway is milder than Dutch caraway.
Many Egyptian citizens feel devastated by the recent tragedies in that democratic nation.
Egyptian civilization is now Muslim and Arab.
Egyptian clothing Have children bring in old cloth and pieces of material from home.
Egyptian cobras possess a deadly venom that attacks the nervous system.
Egyptian cobras possess deadly venom.
Egyptian cobras possess venom.
Most egyptian cobras possess deadly venom.
Most egyptian cobras possess venom.
Some egyptian cobras feed on mammals.
Some egyptian cobras feed on small mammals.
Egyptian coins duplicate the value of some of the Egyptian bills.
Egyptian collection contains many examples of tomb statues.
Egyptian companies upgrade their performance to reach international levels.
Egyptian concerns mirror our own.
All Egyptian consulates grant entry visa.
Egyptian cosmology is probably the best paradigm of the aforesaid criteria.
Egyptian cotton is a unique, long staple cotton grown exclusively in the Nile River Valley.
Egyptian cotton is woven very fine and is windproof.
Egyptian court resumes spy trial today.
Egyptian cuisine is a combination of Mediterranean, Lebanese, Greek and Turkish food.
Egyptian cuisine is a mixture of Turkish and Arabic influences.
Egyptian cuisine is notably conducive to vegetarian diets, as it relies heavily on vegetable dishes.
Egyptian cults come in a whole host of varieties, but let's sort of take the garden variety.
Egyptian culture boasts five millennia of recorded history.
Egyptian culture differs greatly from traditional Western culture.
Egyptian culture is much appreciated in the other Arab countries.
Egyptian culture offers many areas open for research.
Many Egyptian deities can have human, semi-human and animal shapes.
Egyptian desserts resemble other Eastern Mediterranean desserts.
Egyptian diplomats concede that the impact of Cairo s initiative has reasons to go on trying.
Egyptian doctors treat wounds.
All Egyptian doctors speak good English.
Most egyptian doctors treat wounds.
Egyptian documents says that a soap-like substance was used in the preparation of wool for weaving .
Egyptian documents says that a soap-like substance was used in the preparation of wool for weaving.
Egyptian exporters registration no.
Egyptian families come in large numbers during national and religious feasts.
Egyptian farmers are adept at utilizing feed resources.
Egyptian fashion is different.
Egyptian fossils illuminate primate roots.
Egyptian fractions seem to be in, at the moment.
Egyptian giants shine in Africa .
Egyptian gods can also appear in purely animal form, as Horus can be shown as a hawk.
Egyptian geese reach maturity.
Egyptian geese reach sexual maturity.
Egyptian government introduces anti-slavery measures, encouraged by Britain.
Egyptian guides pose on a fallen block, awaiting visitors to the site.
Egyptian hieroglyphs depict the same images carved in stone.
Some Egyptian hieroglyphs are picture writing.
Egyptian hieroglyphics are in great abundance throughout Egypt.
Egyptian hieroglyphics depict workmen making cheese.
Egyptian hieroglyphics provide one kind of record.
Egyptian history is displayed and preserved in the city's numerous museum collections.
Egyptian history reveals the use of fragrant ointments and liquid oils in and after bath.
Egyptian hospitals work.
Egyptian Kings Learn about the different kings of Egypt.
Egyptian Kings Take a tour through Egypt's royal history.
Egyptian law allows a person to be imprisoned six months without charges.
Egyptian law allows for the imposition of duties on photographic and video equipment.
Egyptian law does require that termination be upon adequate notice.
Egyptian legend holds that Horus had two eyes, the sun and the moon.
Egyptian legislations appear on web site.
Egyptian linens are famous, being embroidered with gold, silver and purple.
Egyptian males tend to be chauvinistic in a society which acknowledges and rewards male domination.
Egyptian man walks by in front of scroll background, etc.
Egyptian markets can absorb surplus of Saudi goods and vice versa.
Egyptian material includes mummified remains.
Egyptian medicine seems far more advanced than the simple dietary laws of Leviticus.
Egyptian medicines arrive in Baghdad.
Egyptian media largelyoffer the army view that troops responded to an attack.
Egyptian money is both colorful, and attractively designed.
Most egyptian mongeese eat poisonous snakes.
Egyptian mongeese eat poisonous snakes.
Egyptian mongeese eat snakes.
Egyptian mongeese feed on rodents.
Egyptian motifs are common.
Egyptian mummies can offer some clues tht support the pacific hypothesis.
Egyptian mummies come to mind.
Egyptian mummies show evidence of attempted tattoo removal.
Egyptian museum gets new security system.
Egyptian music is a rich mixture of indigenous, Mediterranean, African and Western elements.
Egyptian myth has primordial ocean and primeval hill then gods.
Egyptian mythology is a complex collection of often competing stories, traditions, and practices.
Egyptian mythology is something of a tangled web.
Egyptian officials say the goal is to make Cairo self-sufficient in tank production.
Egyptian officials see enormous potential in the largely untapped American market.
Egyptian oil is a favorite, as is lavender.
Egyptian onions are different.
Egyptian paintings show boys playing soldiers and girls holding hands in a sort of spinning dance.
Egyptian people are friendly and welcoming.
Egyptian people are incredibly friendly and hospitable.
Egyptian pharmacies sell both foreign and domestic medications.
Most Egyptian pharmacies have a symbol of a crescent and a snake on the store front.
Egyptian pictures show people playing a game like soccer.
Egyptian police request urgent London police attendance .
All Egyptian policemen can take any action that they want.
Egyptian pound stands firm facing deterioration of Russian rubel.
Some egyptian princesses establish images.
Egyptian products are so varied and meet various tastes and different levels of income.
Egyptian products face great competition from Southeast Asian countries.
Many Egyptian products are readily available in Kenyan markets.
Egyptian pyramids are often contain chambers and passages.
Egyptian records show that the pyramid builders had raw garlic as part of their food ration.
Egyptian religion is a monotheistic religion.
Egyptian rice occupies first place worldwide in terms of feddan productivity.
Egyptian sleepovers take place from time to time.
Egyptian society is increasingly aware of environmental issues, including climate change.
Egyptian soldiers attacking a fortress, ca.
Egyptian soldiers stand by the road in amazement, watching the line go past.
Egyptian students appear to believe that the topics covered in class and on tests are negotiable.
Egyptian students face certain problems related to pronunciation.
Egyptian students vow to boycott American products.
Most Egyptian students live at home and commute to the campus.
Egyptian style has heavy square or rectangular serifs.
Egyptian tea is uniformly black and sour and is generally served in a glass, sometimes with milk.
Egyptian team attends Yemeni revolution celebrations.
Egyptian team uses an American satellite to observe the underground water in desert.
Egyptian technology is considered crude by today's standards.
Egyptian television broadcasts a number of popular programs.
Some Egyptian temples contain a whole series of pylons.
Egyptian tolerance has deep historical roots.
Egyptian tombs hold evidence that greyhounds existed nearly as they are today.
Egyptian tombs reveal men and women with eyelids darkened with black and green pigments.
Egyptian tortoise needs refuge in Israel.
Egyptian tortoises feed on grass.
Most egyptian tortoises feed on grass.
Some egyptian tortoises belong to families.
Egyptian tribes offer building spells.
Egyptian troops are highly trained and experienced with war plans and strategies.
Egyptian troops storm the plane, without the approval of the Cypriot authorities.
Egyptian value dates from a thousand years later.
Egyptian Vultures are another endangered species within Europe.
Egyptian vultures have large ranges.
Egyptian vultures have ranges.
Most egyptian vultures have large ranges.
Most egyptian vultures have ranges.
Some egyptian vultures arrive at zoos.
Egyptian women discuss history and reasons for and against veiling.
Egyptian women gain divorce rights similar to men's.
Egyptian women pinch the bride for good luck, poor thing.
Egyptian women pinch the bride for good luck.
Egyptian women seem to have been known for their immorality in the ancient world.
Egyptian has (part) arms.
Egyptian has (part) body substances.
Egyptian has (part) cell membranes.
Egyptian has (part) cells.
Egyptian has (part) corpi.
Egyptian has (part) cytoplasm.
Egyptian has (part) heads.
Egyptian has (part) human bodies.
Egyptian has (part) legs.
Egyptian has (part) material bodies.
Egyptian has (part) necks.
Egyptian has (part) nuclei.
Egyptian has (part) personality.
Egyptian has (part) plasma membranes.
Egyptian has (part) sections.
Egyptian has (part) vacuoles.
Egyptian isa individual.
Egyptian isa person.
Egyptian isa somebody.
Egyptian isa someone.
Egytian motifs are common.
Ehanni stories are creation stories that explain how the world and everything on earth was created.
Ehden forest is floristically the rich est locality in Lebanon.
EHosting service is available as an option.
Eid congregations are very large gathering of Muslim men, women and children across the world.
An eider duck is a sea duck
Eider ducks are famous for having particularly soft down feathers on the trunk of their bodies.
Eider ducks use their down to line their nests and cover their eggs.
An eider is a sea duck
Eider is where it's at.
Eiders are a circumpolar resource.
Eiders are birds.
Eiders are colonial breeders.
Eiders are rivers.
Eiders are sea ducks.
Eiders are very hard to kill, but with the tight patterns they just fell out of the sky.
Eiders ride the waves offshore.
An eiderdown is down
Eiderdown is still of wide commercial value for use in luxury quilts and pillows.
Eiderdowns are very very expensive, and if cared for they last forever.
Eidetic images are distinct from after-images.
Eidetic images are like snapshots of a person's experience which are stored in the brain.
Eidetic images are like snapshots of a person's experiences which are stored in the brain.
Eidetic imagery helps to reenact the original capacity to learn.
Eidetic imagery is based on vision, and vision tends to worse in adulthood.
Eidetic imagery tends to disappear with age and is very rare among adults.
Eidetic reduction is the abstraction of essences.
Eiffel programmers get a software engineering view of everything.
An eigenvalue is a value
Eigenvalues are generally complex numbers.
Eigenvalues are useful in dynamical systems as well.
Eigenvalues can lie within continuous spectrum.
Eigenvalues have the same meaning as the slope of a line in phase plots.
Eigenvalues quantify how much variability is in the direction of the corresponding eigenvector.
Eigenvalues represent variance explained.
Eigenvalues reveal long term behavior of matrix exponentials and matrix powers.
Eigenvalues always decrease with successive axes.
All eigenvalues are correct.
All eigenvalues are obviously real.
An eight is a spot
Eights are chiefly concerned with power, strength and avoiding weakness.
Eights are digits.
Eights are figures.
Eights are good at getting money.
Eights are one more person, but about four times as much boat.
Eights are self-confident, strong, and assertive.
Eights can refrain from controlling others but start to strengthen themselves instead.
Eights enjoy a definete boom.
Eights enjoy a good fight with a worthy adversary, because the truth comes out in a fight.
Eights typically have problems with their tempers and with allowing themselves to be vulnerable.
Eights always carry a coxswain.
Eights often act as protectors of the weak and promoters of justice.
Eighteenth Amendment is ratified prohibiting alcoholic beverages.
Eighth blackbird is an instrumental sextet specializing in the performance of new music.
Eighth board Reach the veteran rank to unlock the eighth board.
Eighth column is the mariner s rank.
Eighth compartment is lazarette.
Every eighth day is our sabbath.
Every eighth file is a dark.
Eighth grade is a year that students become restless with elementary rules.
Eighth grade is an elective based program.
Eighth grade is an exciting and important time in our life.
Eighth grade is essentially a turning point.
Eighth grade is served in our second building with nine classrooms.
Eighth grade is simply too late.
Eighth grade is so chaotic, especially right now.
Eighth grade is specific to the United States and Illinois.
Eighth grade is the pivotal point.
Eighth grade is the transition year to high school and is critical for future success.
Eighth grade offers geometry, algebra, and advanced math.
Eighth grade publishes a yearbook and school newspaper.
Eighth grader says to friend.
Eighth graders are a little strange but interesting.
Eighth graders are at a peak in terms of questioning authority and wanting to impress their peers.
Eighth graders are busy and becoming better at working toward independence.
Eighth graders are eligible for the leadership positions of head chorister and line leader.
Eighth graders are familiar, generally, with standardized testing.
Eighth graders are more likely to report having sexual intercourse than seventh graders.
Eighth graders can take advantage of after-school instruction and the new writing computer lab.
Eighth graders focus on astronomy and geology.
Eighth graders focus on social and emotional health issues.
Eighth graders have a similar program but focus on environmental science rather than architecture.
Eighth graders have minimal constructions skills.
Eighth graders have one semester of art.
Eighth graders intensify thier study of the techniques of painting, drawing, and collage.
Eighth graders join in song with students from a one-room schoolhouse in rural Mexico.
Eighth graders love to talk.
Eighth graders pick a field of focus.
Eighth graders play on athletic teams with juniors.
Eighth graders read only one other book from the list.
Eighth graders receive their Confirmation.
Eighth graders spend time in the community on a mentorship project.
Eighth graders take a course in music appreciation.
Eighth Graders Use A Slightly Different Schedule.
Eighth graders visit a nearby nursing home to help and entertain elderly residents.
All eighth graders have the chance to audition for positions in front of and behind the camera.
All eighth graders participate in career shadowing.
All eighth graders take one semester of health.
More eighth graders are regular heroin users than twelfth graders.
Eighth level is for the founder of the system.
Eighth notch adjustment- current limit control.
An eighth note is a note
Eighth notes are green, quarter notes are blue, and dotted quarter notes are beige.
Eighth notes occur in pairs, beginning off the beat.
Eighth period seems to be the most fun period of the day.
Eiglish page is now construction.
EII ecosystems are agricultural systems, forests, lakes, prairies, rivers and streams, and wetlands.
Eikonal equations describe the evolution of the singular support of solutions to wave equations.
Eindhoven CAGE shows gutsy, contemporary artworks by young, emerging artists.
Einsteinian science confirms that.
An eisegesis is an interpretation
Eisegesis refers to the error of reading one's personal bias into the text.
Eiserman sisters carry on tradition .
EJ documents are in journals.
EJ numbers are journal articles.
EJ numbers refer to journal citations.
EJ numbers refer to periodical articles.
Ejaculate men youngmaso ejaculate men shaven.
Ejaculate size varies with socio-sexual situation in an insect.
Ejaculation allows males to reproduce.
Ejaculation appears to occur almost throughout the entire duration of copulation.
Ejaculation can also happen without control when a man is sleeping .
Ejaculation can also happen without control when a man is sleeping.
Ejaculation comes too early.
Ejaculation consists of two steps.
Ejaculation depends on circumstances.
Ejaculation discharges the semen from the erect penis.
Ejaculation follows about five seconds after.
Ejaculation generally lasts a few seconds.
Ejaculation happens to fast.
Ejaculation increases the serum prostate specific antigen concentration.
Ejaculation increases the serum prostate-specific antigen concentration.
Ejaculation involves contraction.
Ejaculation is a reflex that, once a certain level of stimulation is reached, is automatic.
Ejaculation is a reflex.
Ejaculation is a two-part reaction to sexual stimulation.
Ejaculation is an exclamation
Ejaculation is discharge.
Ejaculation is divided into several events.
Ejaculation is exclamations.
Ejaculation is inevitable once the prostate hardens.
Ejaculation is rare, and fertility rates are unaffected.
Ejaculation is really a two-step process.
Ejaculation is the climax of sexual excitement, when a man has an erection.
Ejaculation is the discharge of semen from the penis.
Ejaculation is the expulsion of semen.
Ejaculation is the expulsion of sperm usually caused by the stimulation of the glans penis.
Ejaculation is the forceful expulsion of semen from the penis.
Ejaculation is the medical term used for the release of fluid that occurs at orgasm.
Ejaculation is the term for the contractions that release semen.
Ejaculation is the term used when sperm is forced out of the urethra and the penis.
Ejaculation is thus an inherent, natural, and pleasurable part of male orgasm.
Ejaculation is when semen is pushed from the penis .
Ejaculation is when semen is pushed from the penis.
Ejaculation is when the seminal vesicles and prostate empty.
Ejaculation isa process.
Ejaculation occurs over an extended period of time.
Ejaculation occurs with the contraction of the urethra and expulsion of semen.
Ejaculation saps a guy's strength temporarily, especially if it's a really good one.
Ejaculation seems to be under voluntary control.
Ejaculation still occurs, and sex glands continue to function as usual.
Ejaculation takes place in two stages .
Ejaculation takes place in two stages.
Ejaculation takes places.
Ejaculation then occurs.
Ejaculations provides juicy answers to the most commonly asked show-business questions.
Ejaculation usually happens at a different time than orgasm.
Ejaculation usually takes place during male masturbation.
Ejaculation usually takes place immediately following the presentation of the doe.
Most ejaculation depends on circumstances.
Most ejaculation involves contraction.
Most ejaculation takes places.
Some ejaculation occurs over time.
Ejected materials can travel at the speed of sound.
Ejected pulp is dry indicating maximum juice extraction.
Ejection fraction Enter the patient's ejection fraction as a percent in the appropriate box.
Ejection fraction is a measure of how well the heart is pumping blood.
Ejection fraction is the percent of blood pumped out of a heart chamber during each beat.
Ejection fraction is the percent of the blood pumped out every time the heart beats.
Ejection fraction is the volume of blood expelled from the heart during one beat cycle.
Ejection fraction measures the heart muscles ability to pump out blood from the heart.
An ejection seat is a seat
Ejection seats are a last resort, only.
An ejection is an actuation
Ejection begins as pressure in the ventricle exceeds that of the aorta and the aortic valve opens.
Ejection implies being offline.
Ejection includes the requirement to absent oneself from within view or earshot of the game.
Ejection induces further shrinking of the binary at a decreasing rate.
Ejection is initially rapid and continues until the aortic valve closes.
Ejection is self-activating.
Ejection is then automatic.
Ejections are a part of baseball.
Ejections carry one-game suspensions.
All ejections are at the umpire s discretion.
Ejective consonants are all obstruents.
Ejective fricatives are possible too, though considerably more rare.
Ejector pins help with the withdrawal of the pattern.
An ejector seat is a seat
Ejector seats serve as desk chairs.
An ejector is a mechanism
Ejector based solutions for gas boosting are also available.
Ejectors are devices used for noise suppression and thrust augmentation.
All Ejournal services require a proxy.
Ektamax paper is available in glossy only.
El Alto has appr.
El Alto is a vibrant urban phenomenon.
EL basis is stable, but the system has flexibility for creative applications.
El Tamarindo is available for rent and is highly recommended for a romantic getaway.
An el is a railroad
El come zacate.
El convento consta de dos plantas con tres claustros.
El derecho mercantil internacional y los tratados.
El desenmascarar la mentira, la falsa ideologia debe ser el deber inmediato de cada cubano.
El enero que viene quisiera viajar a Chile.
El isa railroad.
El isa railway.
El kitesurfer que sale tiene preferencia sobre el que entra.
El ser ligado absoluto.
El ser ligado.
Els are part of arms.
Els are rivers.
More elaborate accommodations are available locally.
Elaborate antlers are the deer clan's answer to the peacock's tail.
Elaborate arrangements are now under way for the care and entertainment of visitors on that day.
Elaborate backgrounds can make the screen harder to read.
More elaborate backgrounds are possible using textures and patterns.
Elaborate blankets adorn their backs.
Some elaborate boards have several buttons for different purposes.
More elaborate boilerplate is also possible.
Elaborate cartouches dominate the upper part of the map.
Elaborate carvings comprised of intricate geometric patterns characterize the site.
More elaborate cases are also available from various third-party vendors.
Elaborate ceremonies can cost thousands of more dollars more.
Some elaborate ceremony involves inspections.
Some elaborate ceremony involves lengthy inspections.
More elaborate coatings make an eyepiece more expensive.
Elaborate designs can take longer.
More elaborate explanations are speculative and unnecessary.
Elaborate fantasies circle our kissing forms like so much fairy dust.
More elaborate features exist for future consideration.
Elaborate food is prepared and offered to the spirits of the ancestors.
Elaborate gardens provide the perfect view for an evening gathering on the wraparound porch.
Elaborate illumination includes people and animals.
Elaborate mechanisms exist to control macrophage activity.
Elaborate mechanisms lead to diversity.
Most elaborate mechanisms lead to diversity.
More elaborate methods are also possible.
More elaborate models are available for specific marking needs.
More elaborate models have a roof.
Elaborate molding is available through mail-order catalogs.
Elaborate mosaics grace the exterior wall, while concrete fins line the building's perimeter.
Elaborate offerings decorate every temple and festive ceremonies are held throughout the island.
Elaborate operation layouts on display.
Elaborate packaging can hide poor quality.
Elaborate plantings require a great deal of attention.
Elaborate precautions ensure that no unauthorized entry is ever made into the vault.
Elaborate presentation is unnecessary.
More elaborate puzzles involve performing several tasks in a variety of locations in certain orders.
Elaborate sensors track everything from the wind's angle to the kitchen table's position.
More elaborate sprays are available on personal consultation.
More elaborate systems block nearly all traffic from the outside to the inside.
Elaborate telephones cost more than the standard models.
More elaborate testing is used to screen for cancer of the ovaries or uterus in high risk patients.
Elaborate turrets rise above the dozens of rooms in the compound.
More elaborate variations can include ingredients such as herbs, shallots, onions, mustard, etc.
Elaborate wainscoting used in the main room and in the hall is of heart pine.
Elaboration can be further description or explanation or discussion.
Elaboration comes later.
Elaboration is a measure expanding on a single idea to create others.
Elaboration is an increase
Elaboration is any extra information beyond verification.
Elaboration is called for.
Elaboration is development.
Elaboration is given with both correct and incorrect responses.
Elaboration is necessary.
Elaboration is needed here.
Elaboration is the ability to make an idea better or clearer by building upon it.
Elaboration is the deliberate act of expanding on an idea to process it more thoroughly.
Elaboration is the process of converting a current experience into a specific memory.
Elaboration is unnecessary.
Elaboration provides breadth of processing.
Elaboration refers to the amount of cognitive processing related to the type of route.
Elaboration requires adding ideas, providing details, extending thinking.
Some elaboration is probably in order.
Some elaboration is underway as well.
Some elaboration obviously is required.
Some elaborations are obvious.
Elan cards offer a variety of rates and value alternatives to meet the needs of every lifestyle.
Elan products are a pleasure to use, give and receive.
Elan technology stops software piracy without hardware keys.
Eland milk has almost three times the fat and double the protein of milk from dairy cows.
An eland is an antelope
Eland isa antelope.
Elands adapt to habitats.
Elands are a social herd antelope.
Elands are alert, keen of sense, and thus difficult to approach.
Elands are also hosts to several kinds of ticks.
Elands are antelopes.
Elands are considered to be an animal endowing peace, well-being, healing and prosperity.
Elands are herbivorous.
Elands are the largest and heaviest of all the East African antelopes.
Elands can also vary their diet, breaking off high branches with their horns.
Elands can survive in the scarcity of water, a great advantage over domestic cattle.
Elands can survive on scarce water, which is a great advantage over domestic cattle.
Elands do, however, avoid forests, swamps and deserts.
Elands exist in countries.
Elands exist in neighbor countries.
Elands generally are light tan, but males darken to grey with age.
Elands have (part) brains.
Elands have (part) breasts.
Elands have (part) cannon bones.
Elands have (part) cell membranes.
Elands have (part) cells.
Elands have (part) chest cavities.
Elands have (part) chests.
Elands have (part) corpi.
Elands have (part) cytoplasm.
Elands have (part) ears.
Elands have (part) faces.
Elands have (part) heads.
Elands have (part) hip sockets.
Elands have (part) hoofs.
Elands have (part) nuclei.
Elands have (part) piluses.
Elands have (part) plasma membranes.
Elands have (part) rib cages.
Elands have (part) second stomachs.
Elands have (part) sections.
Elands have (part) skulls.
Elands have (part) sterna.
Elands have (part) vacuoles.
Elands have a dewlap below the neck.
Elands have experience.
Elands have hoofs.
Elands have large hoofs.
Elands have legs.
Elands have tails.
Elands have track record experience.
Elands live in both steppe and sparse forests.
Elands live in small herds and are primarily browsers rather than grazers.
Elands live mainly in grassland, savannah and other open places.
Elands prefer a vegetarian diet.
Elands provide large amount of tender meat, as well as high-quality hides.
Elands reach maturity.
Elands reportedly are the largest antelopes in the world.
Elands reside in Southern Africa and along the Southern African plateau.
Elands travel large distances through the year.
Elands yield a large quantity of tender meat, and the quality of the thick hide is excellent.
Most elands adapt to habitats.
Most elands exist in countries.
Most elands exist in neighbor countries.
Most elands have experience.
Most elands have hoofs.
Most elands have large hoofs.
Most elands have legs.
Most elands have tails.
Most elands have track record experience.
Most elands reach maturity.
Some elands conserve water.
Some elands eat grass.
Some elands offer high quality.
Some elands offer quality.
Elandco soils are on flood plains.
Elapid venom is the least complex, while pit vipers have the most complex venoms.
An elapid is a snake
Elapids are present in tropical and subtropical regions around the world.
Elapids are snakes.
Elapids are the front-fanged venomous land snakes.
Elapids use their venom both to immobilize their prey and in self-defense .
Elapids use their venom both to immobilize their prey and in self-defense.
All elapids are venomous and many are potentially deadly .
All elapids are venomous and many are potentially deadly.
All elapids have a rapid-acting neurotoxic venom that causes paralysis.
Many elapids raise the front part of the body as a threat display.
Elapse time is the overall time from start to finish.
Elapsed time is a period
Elapsed time varies in both the andy and the human.
An elasmobranch is fish
Elasmobranchs are cartilaginous fish.
Elasmobranchs have high degree of evolutionary flexibility in reproductive mode.
Elasmobranchs possess a unique salt secreting gland, the rectal gland.
Elasmobranchs represent the earliest phylogenetic appearance of a clearly defined thymus.
All elasmobranchs have interenal fertilization.
An elastase is an enzyme
Elastase digests the elastin of the lung.
Elastic anchor holds cover on securely.
Elastic ankle cuffs with zipper gusset.
Elastic arteries are subject to the greatest and most rapid changes in blood pressure.
An elastic band is a band
Elastic band allows dynamic pressure adjustment.
Elastic band allows one size to fit all.
Elastic band keeps hat snug.
Elastic band runs through the opener and around the back of the hand.
Elastic bands fit over the ears, keeping the mask firmly in place.
An elastic bandage is a bandage
Elastic bandages are bandages.
Elastic bandages are preferable to other types of bandages.
Elastic bandages are useful for injuries less common than sprains, too.
Elastic bandages can play several different roles in an athletic injury stabilization effort.
Elastic behavior occurs at very low stresses.
Elastic belt is fully adjustable.
Elastic bridge provides great fit across the forefoot.
Elastic cartilage contains many elastic fibers giving it a yellowish color.
Elastic cartilage has elastic fibers and is found in the outer ear.
Elastic cartilage has elastin, collagen, and proteoglycan.
Elastic cartilage is distinguished by the presence of elastic fibers in the matrix.
Elastic cartilage is flexible but strong.
Elastic cartilage is found in only two locations.
Elastic cartilage is found in the A. ear.
Elastic cartilage is found in the epiglottis, ear lobes, and larynx.
Elastic cartilage is found in the external ear flaps and in parts of the larynx.
Elastic cartilage is present versus hyaline cartilage.
Elastic cartilages are cartilages.
Elastic changes caused by stress generate very small, but detectable velocity changes.
Elastic channel holds pen, pencil, marker, etc.
Elastic closure keeps contents secure.
Elastic collar ensures a snug, comfortable fit.
Elastic collisions are collisions in which both momentum and kinetic energy are conserved.
Elastic collisions are collisions in which there is no loss of kinetic energy.
Elastic collisions conserve both linear momentum and mechanical energy.
Elastic collisions conserve kinetic energy.
Elastic collisions involve forces.
Most elastic collisions involve forces.
Elastic connectors are non-binding for natural movement.
Elastic constants are fundamental physical properties of a solid.
Elastic cord brings regular size golf balls back every time.
Elastic cord means easy fitting and no ugly loose ends.
Elastic cover makes a good form fit to hand.
Elastic crepe bandage during movements and elevation of the limbs during rest can give relief.
Elastic crossbars used in training lessen the risk of injury and improve confidence.
Elastic cuffs are longer for women s longer hands.
Elastic cuffs roomy hood with drawcord help seal out the weather.
Elastic deformation builds up between great earthquakes if the thrust fault is locked.
Elastic deformation is temporary and reversible until fracture is achieved.
Elastic demand is more sensitive to price than inelastic demand .
Elastic dermatitis is commonly the result of allergy to bleached rubber.
Elastic design allows for easy removal for adults.
Elastic distortions dominate the behavior at phase transitions which are strongly suppressed.
Elastic edge fits over the edge of most infant car seats.
Elastic edge fits over the lip edge of the car seat.
Elastic elongation is accomplished by stretching exercises.
Elastic energy is the total potential and kinetic energy in a system.
Elastic fibers appear as wavy, refractile lines embedded in a dense regular connective tissue.
Elastic fibers are black.
Elastic fibers are long threads of the protein elastin.
Elastic fibers are present in the valve but most of the valve is made of dense collagenous tissue.
Elastic fibers are red.
Elastic fibers decrease in number and diameter with age.
Elastic fibers form a branching network of thin, eosinophilic fibers.
Elastic fibers have their own characteristic amino acid components, desmosine and isodesmosine .
Elastic fibres serve a slightly different purpose in that they give resiliency to a tissue.
Elastic fields radiated by the array into copper block, therefore, are of our interest.
Elastic garments loose their life and elasticity when dried in a dryer.
Elastic gloves are also available.
Elastic instabilities tend to be far stronger than their Newtonian counterparts.
Elastic interactions cause the islands to order along specific crystallographic directions.
Elastic leggings offer protection against chafing.
Elastic loop keeps cushion in place without adhesive.
Elastic materials allows user to adjust for true therapeutic pressure.
Elastic materials bounce back.
Elastic memory allows the cushioning effect to occur as often as necessary.
Elastic models use surface observations to estimate fault geometries and slip rates.
Elastic modulus is modulus
Elastic modulus is one of the properties that can be determined from the bond energy curve.
Elastic modulus is the stiffness of the material.
Elastic net is preferable, but soft willow answers the purpose.
Elastic objects can also store elastic potential energy when they are squashed.
Elastic objects can store elastic potential energy if they are stretched.
Elastic pants work great.
Elastic properties lend tissue a resilience to quickly return to the original shape.
Elastic rebound is an accurate model for most earthquakes and has withstood the test of time.
Elastic recovery is low and elongation is poor.
Elastic self destructs in the tropics.
Elastic skirt allows pad to slip on easily and hold pad firmly in place.
Elastic sleeves can be custom-fitted, and arm pumps can be rented or purchased.
Elastic stains show breakage and retraction of the elastic fibers in the reticular dermis.
Elastic stiffness is used instead.
Elastic stockings are preferred to elastic bandages.
Elastic strap secures cushion to seat.
Elastic strap secures the roll in desired position.
Elastic straps adjust in back.
Elastic straps allow the binoculars to slide up and and flex out when in use.
Elastic straps fit all sizes.
Elastic straps hold the foot pad in place.
Elastic straps hold ties in place.
Elastic straps hook in back.
Elastic straps secure spare batteries or a pen.
Elastic stretch is an elongation of tissue that bounces back when the tension is removed.
Elastic string comes in different sizes.
Elastic string makes it easy to retrieve ball.
More elastic string generate more power.
More elastic strings generate more power.
Elastic strips hold items flat.
Elastic strips serve as a front panel giving control to the tummy.
Some elastic structures connect shells.
Elastic suspenders are adjustable for added comfort and custom fit.
Elastic tape has advantages since it better conforms to the body.
Elastic theory is used to obtain the vibrational density of states at a stepped surface.
Elastic thread is used to add texture to fabric.
Elastic tissue encompasses the endothelium and basement membrane.
Elastic tissue holds the cushions in place.
Elastic tissue is absent in the angiofibromas.
Elastic tissue is connective tissue
Elastic tissue is connective tissue.
Elastic velocities measure the square root of a ratio of elastic modulia over density.
Elastic waist allows for ease of movement.
Elastic waist has belt for secure fit.
Elastic waists offer convenience and greater comfort.
Elastic wings are a disaster waiting to happen.
Elastic wristband reassures smooth fit.
Elastic has (part) hems.
Elastic has (part) sections.
Elastic is capable of rebound.
Elastic is capable of stretchs.
Elastic is cloth
Elastic is fabric.
Elastic is part of underwears.
Elastic isa cloth.
Elastic isa fabric.
Elastics are rubber bands that connect the upper and lower braces.
Elastics are so preschool.
Elastics are typically of medium to heavy weight.
Elastics come in many colors and sizes.
Elastics create vertical resistance.
Elastics differ in their stretch and recovery characteristics.
All elastics are latex-free.
Elasticity of demand is closely related to the slope of the demand curve.
Elasticity theory allows stress and strain to be related through a stiffness tensor.
Elasticities measure the effect from a proportional change in a vital rate on e r .
Elasticity describes how quickly the molecules return to their original positions.
Elasticity equals stress divided by strain .
Elasticity exists if a price change results in total revenue change in the opposite direction.
Elasticity increases with availability of substitutes.
Elasticity is a branch of solid mechanics that deals with the elastic behavior of solids .
Elasticity is a branch of solid mechanics that deals with the elastic behavior of solids.
Elasticity is a characteristic quality of fufu.
Elasticity is a key to durability.
Elasticity is a measure of responsiveness .
Elasticity is a physical property
Elasticity is a topic of great concern in earth sciences.
Elasticity is a useful summary measure of demand.
Elasticity is an important physical property.
Elasticity is another important concept in business pricing decisions.
Elasticity is bi-directional.
Elasticity is concerned with the deformation of solid bodies in response to applied forces.
Elasticity is defined as the energy fraction of the most energetic secondary.
Elasticity is dispositions.
Elasticity is imparted by a network of elastic fibers .
Elasticity is one important attribute of adipose and areolar types.
Elasticity is physical properties.
Elasticity is relative price sensitivity.
Elasticity is retained.
Elasticity is simply an inverse slope.
Elasticity is the mathematical representation of stress and strain in materials such as steel beams.
Elasticity is the measure of how responsive something is to influence in a market.
Elasticity is the opposite of distensibility.
Elasticity refers to choices people make when confronted with congestion or perceived congestion.
Elasticity refers to material deformation behavior under applied force.
Elasticity refers to the ability of a string to stretch.
Elasticity tends to be higher when there are many competitors and substitutes.
Elasticity usually changes along a demand curve - even when the demand curve is a straight line.
More elasticity reduces the ability to manipulate outcomes.
Elasticized ankles mean that they stay on.
Elasticized cuff seals out the cold.
Elasticized waist fits gently and side seam pockets hold the keys to inner peace.
Elastins are synthesized by fibroblasts and smooth muscle cells.
Elastizell concrete is typically a mixture of cement, water and preformed foam.
Elastizell concrete requires only about one-fourth the mix water of expanded aggregate concretes.
An elastomer is a material
Elastomers are a special case of the wider group of materials known as polymers.
Elastomers are also usually thermoplastics.
Elastomers are generally easier to pigment and store.
Elastomers are materials.
Elastomers are polymers with long flexible chains.
Elastomers are poor conductors of heat.
Elastomers are the most corrosion sensitive part of the seal.
Elastomers are very sensitive to both temperature and pressure.
Elastomers are very sensitive to heat.
Elastomers have a tendency to stretch out when the are exposed to a repetitive duty cycle.
Elastomers have to be able to stretch a long distance and still bounce back.
Elastomers have very low moduli.
Elastomers positioned in the seal face are subject to the heat generated between the seal faces.
All elastomers have a high and low temperature limit.
All elastomers have an upper and lower temperature limit.
Many elastomers are sensitive to ozone cracking .
Most elastomers contain waxes designed to offer protection from ozone.
Elastomeric balloons are used to deliver intermittent medications.
Elastomeric bearings are just one of the isolation systems currently being used.
Elastomeric bearings are maintenance-free.
Elastomeric coatings are flexible, of course.
Elastomeric coatings offer reliable waterproofing, without the seams that often create leaks.
Elastomeric components are part of that solution.
Elastomeric flexibility improves resistance to vibration fatigue.
All elastomeric materials are space-compatable and out gassing is minimized.
All elastomeric materials are space-compatible and outgassing is minimized.
Elastomeric paints can also waterproof walls and parapets, even in the face of driving rains.
Elastomeric properties enable it to move with rubber as it expands and contracts.
Elastomeric seals impose special problems.
Elastometric material is firm but resilient.
An elater is a beetle
Elaters are present.
Elaters are sensitive to changes in humidity.
Elaters dry out, twist, jerk around and scatter the spores.
Elaters eject spores.
Elation follows disbelief as six people claim their prize.
Elation has all the basics down and is looking forward to learning new things.
Elation is a mental condition
Elation is joys.
Elation sets in.
Elatior begonias are available in flower all year round.
Elba soils are on ridgetops and side slopes on uplands.
Elbow bones are part of arms.
Most elbow bones are part of arms.
Elbow cops are easy.
Elbow dysplasia is an inherited disease which primarily affects intermediate and large breed dogs.
Elbow dysplasia is therefore a life long problem for the affected animals.
Elbow grease gives the best polish.
Elbow grease is a good substitute for paranoia.
Elbow grease is a vital component.
Elbow grease is labor
Elbow grease is necessary, and in a pinch use a sharp knife or razor to scape the worst ones off.
Elbow grease is the best cleaner.
Elbow grease is too expensive to waste.
Most elbow injuries are the result of overuse activities involved in upper limb sports.
Most elbow injuries are with a sudden increase in that activity.
Some elbow injuries require surgery.
Elbow Lake is a natural environment lake - the cleanest and clearest lake in the county.
Elbow Lake is the county seat of Grant County.
Elbow Lake offers swimming, canoeing and fishing.
Elbow macaroni is baked in our own sharp cheddar cheese sauce, and topped with more cheese.
An elbow pad is a clothing
Elbow pads are now weapons.
Elbow pads are pretty nice, but less essential.
Elbow pads are sports equipment.
Elbow pads can fit inside as well, depending on the size of the roller blades.
An elbow room is a position
Elbow room is the order of the day.
Elbow strike works best.
An elbow is a diarthrosis
Elbow comes through first followed by hand and ball, fingers on top of the ball.
Elbow disputes the idea that writers compose linearly from outline to final draft.
Elbow explains rather than instructs.
Elbow isa joint.
Elbow promotes powerful writing by challenging existing the existing orthodoxy about good writing.
Elbow raises the debate between form and content.
Elbow scrapes side of the body.
Elbow strikes to the head and face.
Elbow supports for precision work help reduce tension in the upper arms and neck.
Elbow travels from hip to strike attacker's chin, ribs, or jaw.
Elbows are bends.
Elbows are close to the body, with the point of elbow set under the withers.
Elbows are close to the body, with the position of the hands dependent on the length of the pole.
Elbows are close to the body.
Elbows are closed.
Elbows are down on the floor, with hands on the floor, slightly in front.
Elbows are hinge joints.
Elbows are inexpensive and come in several colors.
Elbows are joints.
Elbows are neither close to the body nor out but are set on a plane parallel to the body.
Elbows are never to be on the table when one is eating.
Elbows are on the arms level as the lowest edge of brisket.
Elbows are on the ground supporting the main weight.
Elbows are on the same level as the lowest edge of the brisket.
Elbows are out.
Elbows are parallel and close to the body.
Elbows are parallel to keyboard.
Elbows are part of arms.
Elbows are part of forelegs.
Elbows are part of sleeve.
Elbows are pipes.
Elbows are present, and the arms and legs extend forward.
Elbows are straight and tight against the body.
Elbows are to be lower than armpits.
Elbows are to be lowered to protect the body and explode with power.
Elbows are well developed and directed posteriorly and parallel to the axis of the body.
Elbows grow on a tickle tree, and rain makes applesauce.
Elbows have (part) corpi.
Elbows have (part) hip sockets.
Elbows have (part) lobes.
Elbows have (part) nerve fiber.
Elbows have (part) nerve fibre.
Elbows have (part) radicles.
Elbows have (part) synapse.
Elbows have free action from the shoulders, and the legs show no tendency to cross or interfere.
Elbows is good.
Elbows lie close to the body.
Elbows look straight back and are close to the body.
Elbows move perpendicular to body, working free of sides, stifles turning neither in nor out.
Elbows move perpendicular to body, working free of sides.
Elbows present another likely spot for touch-down, making elbow pads sensible landing gear.
Elbows pull down and backwards.
Elbows remain slightly bent to protect the joints.
Elbows remain straight to support body leaning forward.
Elbows remain to the outside of the knees.
Elbows set quite straight, and neither turned in nor out are a sine qua non .
Elbows set quite straight, and neither turned in nor out are a sine qua non.
Elbows stay close to the body through the movement.
Elbows Stir inner and outer, then use brushing and wrapping action.
Elbows well let down, and close to body.
Some elbows are part of arms.
Some elbows are part of bodies.
Some elbows are part of humanity.
Some elbows are part of humans.
Elcetronic sources refer to sources that have be found or retrieved through computer.
Elco soils are moderately well drained and are on similar landform positions.
Elco soils are on side slopes and some ridge tops on loess covered till plains and moraines.
Elco soils have the lower part of their sola formed in a paleosol.
Eld isa period.
Elder abuse affects victims of all racial, cultural, religious and socioeconomic groups.
Elder abuse can also be financial.
Elder abuse can also take the form of mental cruelty.
Elder abuse can be a problem for both the rich and the poor.
Elder abuse can mean neglect or physical, psychological, or financial abuse.
Elder abuse can occur even when there is genuine love and affection between the people involved.
Elder abuse can occur in all racial and ethnic groups, and among families in all income levels.
Elder abuse can occur in both formal and informal caring situations.
Elder abuse can occur when someone inflicts hardship on an elderly person.
Elder abuse claims victims in every racial, ethnic, and socio-economic group.
Elder abuse crosses all social, economic and ethnic lines.
Elder abuse cuts across all socioeconomic and ethnic lines.
Elder abuse does happen.
Elder abuse encompasses neglect as well as physical, sexual, psychological and financial abuse.
Elder abuse exists in every community, small and large.
Elder abuse happens in all ethnic groups, races, and economic groups.
Elder abuse is a family issue.
Elder abuse is a general term for abusive behaviour towards an older person.
Elder abuse is a growing problem, both in California and nationwide.
Elder abuse is a real problem for many older people.
Elder abuse is a serious concern for Monroe County and for communities across the country.
Elder abuse is a very serious problem in the United States.
Elder abuse is all too real, and common.
Elder abuse is any act that harms or threatens to harm the health or welfare of an elderly person.
Elder abuse is any deliberate action or lack of action which causes harm to an elderly person.
Elder abuse is any form of mistreatment that results in harm or loss to an older person.
Elder abuse is extremely complex.
Elder abuse is harm or threatened harm to an adult's health or welfare caused by another person.
Elder abuse is often a crime.
Elder abuse is one of the fastest growing problems in the United States.
Elder abuse is really a complex phenomena.
Elder abuse is the domestic violence problem of the next century.
Elder abuse is the least recognized form of domestic violence.
Elder abuse is the term that is used when an adult is being hurt.
Elder abuse is theft, violence, or neglect.
Elder abuse is when an older person is harmed or put at serious risk of harm.
Elder abuse is when someone takes money on which the elderly person needs to live.
Elder abuse occurs in all racial, ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Elder abuse occurs when anybody neglects or abuses an older person.
Elder abuse remains a growing problem across the country.
Elder abuse takes many forms ranging from subtle interactions to acts which are frankly criminal.
Elder abuse takes many forms.
Most elder abuse occurs in isolation, unnoticed, leaving the victim unprotected.
Most elder abuse takes place within a family caretaking setting.
Elder abusers come from all backgrounds and are often people who formerly have good coping skills.
Many elder adults are highly self-motivated.
Many elder adults are intensely left-brained and rational thinkers.
Elder berries are higher in vitamin C than other high-C fruits such as oranges.
Elder berry is good for the respiratory system and digestive system.
Elder blossom seems to have the call.
Elder brother becomes the younger brother.
Elder brother relishes scorecard and check list.
Some elder brothers provide examples.
Elder Care can also provide some additional services, such as bathing and grooming.
Elder care is a big portion of other family budgets.
Elder care is a growing concern.
Elder care is a growing issue that needs to be considered in a diverse workforce.
Elder care is a personal concern.
Elder care is a very recent specialty development.
Elder care is one of the most important social and public health issues in the United States.
Elder care is provided for patients over fifty years of age.
Elder care leave to care for or to arrange care for parents of the manager or the manager's spouse.
Elder care needs to shift back to the family and community.
Most elder care is provided informally by family members at home.
Elder caregivers cost employers billions in lost output and replacement costs.
Elder employees tend to be loyal, hardworking, conscientious and reliable.
Elder flower seems to work directly on the part of the brain responsible for temperature control.
Elder flowers are ideal for coughs, colds and flu.
Elder Flowers are ideal for the treatment of colds and influenza.
Elder flowers are stimulant, diaphoretic and diuretic.
Elder fraud is one of the most prevalent crimes in the nation today.
Elder Help Can Help.
Elder hostels are only the opening wedge.
Elder law encompasses all aspects of planning for aging, illness, and incapacity.
Elder law encompasses many different fields of law.
Elder law is also concerned with protecting working seniors.
Elder law is that area of legal issues which concern older adults.
Elder laws have components.
Most elder laws have components.
Elder Leaders recruit, screen, place, train, supervise, and recognize other volunteers.
Elder men remain fertile until death.
Elder meerkats are the educators.
Elder neglect is the term that describes an older adult who is suffering from being ignored.
Many elder persons live alone.
Elder Rage is a very special book.
Elder Rage offers help for caregivers of aging parents.
Elder Services Helping older adults remain independent.
Some elder sons hold titles.
An elder statesman is an adult
Elder statesmen are irreplaceable .
Elder suicide is a serious problem which stands to get worse as the older population grows.
Elder suicide is most rampant among the fastest growing aged cohorts.
Elder suicide is under-reported.
Elder suicide occurs all along the post-acute continuum.
Elder Things are very, very fast on land, in the air, or in water.
Elder Things can adapt to live on pretty much any part of the world.
Elder women are the most typical targets.
Elder women have a great deal to offer Working with other people good, fun.
Elder women provide support and information, and prenatal care is avoided.
An elder is an adult
Elder also is a different offensive team.
Elder appears to have dementia.
Elder draws up to eight cards, peeks at the rest.
Elder helps aspiring traders step away from the crowd of amateurs.
Elder indicates the end in the beginning and the beginning in the end.
Elder is a living advertisement for the American dream and the place of futures trading in it.
Elder is a power hitter who was a first rounder and has been sidelined all year by surgery.
Elder is a rampant tree that most gardeners curse.
Elder is a sign of evolutionary change, a transition from one state to another.
Elder is another team that seems to excel at tournament time.
Elder is critical of welfare, affirmative action, and gun control.
Elder is dependent on caregiver.
Elder is extremely popular, and the proof is in the ratings.
Elder is in the mining business at Idaho City, Idaho.
Elder is ranked sixth.
Elder is straight ahead.
Elder is the same as pastor or bishop.
Elder is tough to beat at home.
Elder is undoubtedly a valuable remedy to have on hand.
Elder is well aware of the limits of technology.
Elder isa adult.
Elders accepts no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the information.
Elders advise the court on matters of traditional law.
Elders also benefit from classes that allow ample practice time.
Elders also gain seniority through age and with seniority comes more respect.
Elders also have a special role in the governance system.
Elders also provide other products and services that can be viewed on our web site.
Elders also recognize the many different challenges facing youth.
Elders also suffer from greater rates and severity of diabetes-related complications.
Elders are a population with unique qualities.
Elders are a respected part of our community culture.
Elders are a valued part of our program.
Elders are adults.
Elders are also pastors.
Elders are anxious to renew old friendships and receive news from others in their clan.
Elders are at high risk for severe food borne illnesses for several reasons.
Elders are available immediately after the worship service for prayer with individuals.
Elders are brothers who have been around the longest.
Elders are careful in their observations and selections.
Elders are considered to be wise because they have had much experience in their long lives .
Elders are considered to be wise because they have had much experience in their long lives.
Elders are eligible for service on any conference and denominational boards or commissions.
Elders are especially susceptible to their effects.
Elders are examples, never overlords.
Elders are few in number and have significant commitments in their communities.
Elders are highly respected and are often involved in mediating family conflicts.
Elders are highly respected, so they receive the best of care.
Elders are highly respected.
Elders are leaders from among the family.
Elders are like steward and deacons are like slaves.
Elders are men who have family lives that are blameless.
Elders are men who know sound doctrine.
Elders are men who live sensitive, sensible and sacrificial life styles.
Elders are men, and are liable to err in judgment and behavior.
Elders are mistreated, their property is destroyed and their supporters are harassed and arrested.
Elders are more important as is the past and tradition.
Elders are more susceptible to it.
Elders are natural storytellers, and children are natural story-listeners.
Elders are often victims of consumer fraud, such as high-risk investments and home equity schemes.
Elders are our connection to the past.
Elders are our guides to our future.
Elders are our teachers.
Elders are particularly vulnerable to being defrauded or physically abused or neglected.
Elders are people recognized in a community as an 'elder'.
Elders are people with experience.
Elders are persons of faith, dedication, and good judgement.
Elders are provided with one month of training, so they can effectively perform their duties.
Elders are respected and command authority.
Elders are respected and family members who are ill are cared for in the home.
Elders are respected, especially men, and are regarded as the source of a lineage.
Elders are responsible to shepherd and teach the local church.
Elders are shrubs.
Elders are such by the appointment of others.
Elders are the best resources.
Elders are the biggest part of our school.
Elders are the key component needed to put tradition back into disability .
Elders are the key resource to any culture.
Elders are the overseers or shepherds of our church.
Elders are the representatives and leaders of the congregation, who act in concert with apostles.
Elders are to be protected from such harm to their ministry by a prior examination of evidence.
Elders are to be workers in the church.
Elders are to feed and shepherd the flock.
Elders are to teach the truth to the flock to counter the false teaching.
Elders are understandably limited in what they can do.
Elders are very marginalized in our society, but they are a repository of knowledge and experience.
Elders become annoying because they want to be part of their children's life.
Elders bring the Indian people to greater understanding and appreciation of the perils of life.
Elders bring their traditional authority to bear on the task of judging.
Elders calls domestic violence the most common crime in America.
Elders can avail of the medical camps arranged periodically by various social organisations.
Elders can be the best of teachers.
Elders can be very vulnerable to abuse, neglect or fraud.
Elders can only communicate the authority inherent in the word.
Elders can recall times when people gathered and hunted food for simple meals.
Elders can view it as words to be said off the cuff based on the mood of the congregation.
Elders carry some of that stuff from the generation before.
Elders come and tell stories.
Elders deal with so many needs, problems, crises, and hard decisions that are unknown to most.
Elders describe their views on widowhood and management of grief.
Elders discuss coping with role losses resulting from retirement or death of a loved one.
Elders discuss mental health and stress-reduction techniques.
Elders do a lot to keep the traditions alive.
Elders evaluate the youngsters in terms of the values of their generation.
Elders explain why lifelong learning is crucial.
Elders express a desire to have governmental policies which support tribal self-determination.
Elders express feelings.
Elders feel like most of their time is consumed by problems in the church.
Elders form a representative body that serves as the directional leadership of the church.
Elders generally exert great influence, and parents decide the marriages of their children.
Elders get best price.
Elders get nourishment.
Elders give gifts to younger members.
Elders give moral guidance and educational advice to their children and grandchildren.
Elders give the students a connection to the community which is important to the students.
Elders gives insight from mature people who have trod the spiritual path for years.
Elders go first, then guests, then men, then women, finally children.
Elders have (part) adult bodies.
Elders have (part) arms.
Elders have (part) body substances.
Elders have (part) cell membranes.
Elders have (part) cells.
Elders have (part) corpi.
Elders have (part) cytoplasm.
Elders have (part) heads.
Elders have (part) legs.
Elders have (part) necks.
Elders have (part) nuclei.
Elders have (part) personality.
Elders have (part) plasma membranes.
Elders have (part) sections.
Elders have (part) vacuoles.
Elders have a difficult time dealing with sin in the lives of members of their flock.
Elders have a great work and a great responsibility.
Elders have a heart for shepherding.
Elders have a higher level of responsibility than others in the church.
Elders have a higher utilization rate for health care servicesthan younger age groups.
Elders have a lot of knowledge, but they are ignored as an important resource for youth.
Elders have a major role to play in Nunavut, as they do in other Inuit homelands.
Elders have a wealth of information that needs to be passed along to the next generation.
Elders have no authority in any area.
Elders have no right to make laws concerning matters of faith.
Elders have the authority in matter of procedure and expediency.
Elders have to be respected.
Elders is in the same school as many of the emerging folksingers of today.
Elders is optimistic about the men's prospects.
Elders laments today's declining education standards.
Elders lie in beds.
Elders listen while sitting in the afternoon shade.
Elders live at home with their children.
Elders live longer more fruitful lives when they are necessary.
Elders live with, and embrace traditions that offer equal respect to all elements of life.
Elders look forward to an age of responsibility and continuous involvement.
Elders look to the youth as the hope for reviving the language and many other traditional practices.
Elders love seeing their stories in print.
Elders love telling family stories.
Elders love telling stories, and children love to listen.
Elders make up the Session of Trinity that meets once a month.
Elders meet at church.
Elders meet at the church.
Elders meet once a month for a nutritious meal and talking circles to share concerns and tips.
Elders meets at the church.
Elders obviously hans't.
Elders oversee all the work of the congregation of which they are members.
Elders oversee only the work of the congregation of which they are members.
Elders oversee the flock.
Elders oversee the pastoral care and spiritual life of individuals and families.
Elders oversee the spiritual life of the church.
Elders participate in performing the funeral rites.
Elders pass out tobacco and put it in a basket.
Elders play a crucial advisory role in all aspects of Inuit society and political structure.
Elders play an important role in teaching and guiding students through the learning process.
Elders practice hospitality love for others.
Elders prepare for death, and families always take care of the elderly until death.
Elders prepare for death.
Elders prepare to know thyself.
Elders present problems.
Elders present psychological problems.
Elders provide numerous options.
Elders provide options.
Elders provides a forum for general discussion on any subject by seniors of the world.
Elders receive companionship, intellectual stimulation, and the chance to feel useful.
Elders remember quite well about flourishing past of shtetls, and regret about that times.
Elders report to one another, and to apostles.
Elders respond with answers, stories, photos, and more.
Elders respond with stories and photos that detail their experiences.
Elders respond with their own stories, photos, and more.
Elders retain ability.
Elders retold tales of their families.
Elders say igunaq tastes like cheese.
Elders say that the pain went into the heart.
Elders serve for three years.
Elders share information about history, art and life.
Elders share knowledge with others in the community.
Elders share responsibility for the pastoral and spiritual ministry of the church.
Elders share with the minister in the pastoral oversight and leadership of the church.
Elders sit and sleep on the southern platform bed in the western room of the house proper.
Elders sit in the front row and wear silly hats.
Elders sit in the north.
Elders still consider rice to be precious and it is still used in religious ceremonies.
Elders suffer greatly in the winter months, and some have died from hypothermia.
Elders talk about how life was before the relocation.
Elders talk about their memories of blankets.
Elders teach of the plants and the group practices in preparing herbal remedies.
Elders uphold the orthodoxy of the church.
Elders watch in dignified silence as the bags of seed are unloaded.
Elders welcome visitors to the community, and relish the chance to retell the old stories.
Elders work until they are too frail to perform their daily duties.
Elders always go first at meal times.
Elders always have more to offer than asked to give.
Elders sometimes play the role of spiritual advisor.
Elders sometimes react in anger.
All elders are equal because they occupy the same office.
All elders are to be respected.
All elders have equal authority and share equal responsibility for leadership in the local assembly.
All elders rule, but some elders also teach and preach.
Every elder gives leadership in three ways.
Many elders are reluctant to ask for help even from available family.
Many elders are women and members of ethnic minority groups.
Many elders avail of the opportunity to rediscover and relive their giftedness.
Many elders come to the center to participate in activities and for companionship.
Many elders depend on the abundant wildlife here for their food.
Many elders die without passing on their knowledge.
Many elders find grab bars on the wall adjacent to the toilet and in the tub or shower helpful.
Many elders here call tap water bad.
Many elders insist being paid for passing on their knowledge today.
Many elders learn the advantages of being flexible through experience.
Many elders still speak both languages.
Many elders struggle to find a sense of purpose.
Many elders withdraw from service feeling overwhelmed by the long waits and complex procedures.
Most elders are also concerned with legal issues related to wills, trust funds, and thier estate.
Most elders do prefer shade to direct sunlight.
Most elders express feelings.
Most elders get nourishment.
Most elders have memory problems.
Most elders lie in beds.
Most Elders live a very long way from highways.
Most elders prefer to live at home.
Most elders present psychological problems.
Most elders provide numerous options.
Most elders provide options.
Most elders retain ability.
Some elders are alone or with little support.
Some elders are interested in email, some in research, and others into the oral history exchange.
Some elders can remain safe and independent with a little home modification.
Some elders cook food.
Some elders cook traditional food.
Some elders discuss curricula.
Some elders discuss law school curricula.
Some elders go only once or twice a week.
Some elders has favoritism and only train the ones they like.
Some elders have levels.
Some elders leave churches.
Some elders live many years with one or more chronic disease.
Some elders meet with fellows.
Some elders meet with teach fellows.
Some elders remember tasting whale meat as children.
Some elders say it is simply heightens sacred energies.
Some elders say it predates the Civil War.
Some elders wish to live in retirement communities with other seniors.
An elderberry bush is a bush
Elderberry bushes are food for the endangered Valley Longhorn Elderberry Beetles.
Elderberry flowers are a potential rival for echinacea.
Elderberry paste can be very soothing for minor burns.
Elderberry species are only available as potted stock.
Elderberry supplements seem to have few risks when used daily for up to five days.
An elderberry is edible fruit
An elderberry is stone fruit
Elderberries also boost the body's immune system.
Elderberries are a medically proven anti-viral, and have been used for centuries in folk medicine.
Elderberries are also high in iron.
Elderberries are also in foods like jams and pies.
Elderberries are also valuable as an alterative remedy in rheumatic conditions.
Elderberries are drought and cold tolerant.
Elderberries are drupes.
Elderberries are edible fruit.
Elderberries are edible when cooked.
Elderberries are essentially self-unfruitful.
Elderberries are hardy, native shrubs that have great ornamental and fruiting value.
Elderberries are highly prized for food by modern Indian people.
Elderberries are safe for all ages.
Elderberries are upright, spreading shrubs that grow six to twelve feet high.
Elderberries contain natural substances called flavonoids.
Elderberries have few pests, and natural predators often control outbreaks.
Elderberries have large leaves that grow in pairs along the stem.
Elderberries increase perspiration, allowing toxins to be expelled through the skin.
Elderberries make a purple to lavender dye.
Elderberry works by inducing sweating and stimulating circulation.
All elderberries are members of the honeysuckle family.
ElderCare counseling is available to all clients and their families.
Elderly abuse is a new area copying itself on the child abuse model.
Elderly abuse is one of the possible and tragic consequences of elder care.
Elderly adults need guidance.
Some elderly adults suffer from constipation.
Elderly alcoholics tend to respond well to treatment, and stay in programs.
Elderly alumnae can move more easily around the campus.
Elderly animals are also less able to cope with environmental stresses, such as wind, wet and cold.
Elderly asthmatics tend to be former smokers or have a history of allergic disease.
Most elderly beneficiaries have supplemental coverage.
Elderly blacks are more likely than elderly whites to be crime victims.
Elderly care counts.
Elderly citizens receive half the current federal resources.
Many elderly citizens play the game for relaxation and exercise.
Elderly clients are at an increased risk for altered respiratory patterns and mental changes.
Elderly clients deny any problem of abuse because of shame and lack of alternatives for care.
Elderly clients have a lot of questions about financial and estate planning.
Elderly couple apply to orphan asylum for a boy.
Elderly couples fish, both to feed themselves and to swap for a few extra dollars.
Elderly couples pad past in their slippers.
Elderly customers have difficulty in leaving pub.
Elderly dependency see dependency ratio.
Elderly Discounts given to elderly people vary.
Elderly dog sleeps.
Elderly dogs are also less able to cope with extremes of temperature.
Elderly dogs are very prone to cancer.
Elderly drivers have more driving accidents per mile driven than any other age group.
Elderly drivers involved in collisions fare worse than younger drivers.
Elderly drivers tend to drive shorter distances at lower speeds and drive less at night.
Some elderly drivers are really scary, like the ones who hit the brakes every time they meet a car.
Most elderly experience declines in hearing, vision, taste, and smell .
Elderly females are less likely than males to have a vehicle available for trips.
Elderly females are the heads of the groups.
Most elderly folks feel caught in a dilemma.
Elderly fraud is difficult to investigate.
Elderly friends take lovers, rent studios, plan trips to unpronounceable provinces.
Some elderly gentlemen pay kids.
Elderly gerbils can get strokes.
Elderly gerbils require few concessions to their age.
Elderly Greys are on the increase, signalling a major healthcare problem of the future.
Elderly homeowners have special needs.
Most elderly immigrants come to live with sons and daughters.
Elderly individuals are encourage to speak with their doctor about their sleep problems.
Elderly individuals are exempt from the cap, but working families are still subject to it.
Elderly individuals are generally less sensitive to medication-associated side effects.
Elderly individuals can also suffer from mental illness.
Elderly individuals meet daily protein requirements.
Elderly individuals meet requirements.
Elderly individuals tend to under-report pain.
Most elderly individuals have younger relatives.
Most elderly individuals meet daily protein requirements.
Most elderly individuals meet requirements.
Some elderly individuals are more likely to be taken advantage of.
Elderly inmates are a forgotten minority, but in recent years their numbers are growing.
Elderly issues resonate in Iowa, where the average age is third-oldest in the nation.
Elderly ladies prefer a thick Persian shawl.
Elderly lady needs slip, panties and a coat.
Some elderly males do become completely white, though many retain small flecks of dusky plumage.
Elderly men appear to be prime candidates for such interventions.
Elderly men are as likely to be abused as elderly women.
Elderly men are elderly people.
Elderly men are more likely to report alcoholrelated problems than elderly women.
Elderly men are more likely to report alcohol-related problems than elderly women.
Elderly men are much more likely than their female counterparts to drink and drive.
Elderly men consume amounts.
Elderly men wearing caftans and skullcaps sit cross-legged on mats, playing cards, praying, musing.
More elderly men are married and more elderly women have been widowed.
Some elderly men can only void when standing.
Some elderly men have attacks.
Some elderly men have density.
Some elderly men have fatal attacks.
Some elderly men have fatal heart attacks.
Some elderly men have heart attacks.
Elderly neighbors are afraid and now stay indoors unless they have an escort.
Some elderly neighbours have gardens.
Elderly parents can also play the role of care recipient.
Elderly parents live with the family of their youngest son.
Elderly parents need to care.
Elderly parishioners bring their friends.
Elderly patients are at even greater risk of hypertension-induced stroke.
Elderly patients are at great risk for undertreatment of cancer-associated pain.
Elderly patients are at higher risk of death.
Elderly patients are at particular risk.
Elderly patients are especially susceptible to dose related adverse effects.
Elderly patients are frail and subject to bruises, falls and other problems.
Elderly patients are less likely than younger patients to receive some specific treatments.
Elderly patients are more likely to get side effects.
Elderly patients are more likely to have decreased renal function.
Elderly patients are more susceptible to delirium than younger patients.
Elderly patients are particularly susceptible to constipation from both narcotics and vincas.
Elderly patients are prone to develop pneumonia and cardiac failure during recovery.
Elderly patients are the most frequent users of medical care.
Elderly patients are usually more sensitive than younger adults to the effects of zaleplon.
Elderly patients can also suffer fever and neurologic symptoms.
Elderly patients experience effects.
Elderly patients experience side effects.
Elderly patients fall.
Elderly patients have an increased risk of side effects from dexamethasone.
Elderly patients have an increased risk of side effects from hydrocortisone.
Elderly patients have severe symptoms.
Elderly patients have symptoms.
Elderly patients receive prescriptions.
Elderly patients respond favorably to a physician-initiated advance directive discussion.
Many elderly patients are already at risk for cardiovascular disease.
Many elderly patients are also more sensitive to the adverse effects of anticholinergic drugs.
Many elderly patients are reluctant to admit a loss of hearing due to embarrassment or fear.
Many elderly patients do, in fact, suffer from chronic dementias.
Many elderly patients view skin problems as normal consequence of the aging process.
Most elderly patients enter nursing homes as self-pay patients.
Most elderly patients experience side effects.
Most elderly patients have severe symptoms.
Most elderly patients have symptoms.
Most elderly patients receive prescriptions.
Some elderly patients have dementia and behavioral problems.
Some elderly patients have difficulty taking medications regularly.
Some elderly patients have little or no neutrophilic response .
Some elderly patients use salt.
Elderly pedestrians are at greater risk of dying than younger pedestrians.
Elderly pensioners dying of starvation no longer make news.
Elderly people account for the largest percentage of hypothermia victims.
Elderly people appear to be more susceptible to severe neurological disease.
Elderly people are also more likely to be repeat victims.
Elderly people are also prone to painful diseases and medical problems.
Elderly people are among the most active voters.
Elderly people are at increased risk for nutrient deficiency.
Elderly people are at increased risk of injuries, illnesses and falls.
Elderly people are at risk as are the middle-aged and adolescents.
Elderly people are deficient in folic acid, either because a poor diet or poor absorption.
Elderly people are far more likely than the rest of the population to follow through.
Elderly people are furthermore at risk for malnutrition or dehydration.
Elderly people are located in homes.
Elderly people are more likely to be severely affected by West Nile Virus.
Elderly people are more likely to develop osteoporosis than younger people .
Elderly people are more likely to develop osteoporosis than younger people.
Elderly people are more likely to live in rural areas than are younger people.
Elderly people are more sensitive to analgesic effects of opiate drugs.
Elderly people are more susceptible to side effects.
Elderly people are more than twice as susceptible to adverse drug reactions as younger adults.
Elderly people are most at risk for getting sick from food poisoning.
Elderly people are most at risk from flu.
Elderly people are often very able to establish mutual respect with young people.
Elderly people are one of several categories of high-risk patients.
Elderly people are scared to think about death.
Elderly people are sometimes unable to detect escaping gas.
Elderly people are the fastest-growing segment of the population.
Elderly people are the group least likely to be victims of a crime against the person.
Elderly people are the largest consumers of medicines to fight their aging bodies.
Elderly people are the most frequently harmed.
Elderly people are their favorite targets.
Elderly people are too often the targets of telemarketing scams.
Elderly people are very vulnerable to smoke.
Elderly people are vulnerable because fluid levels become more difficult for the body to regulate.
Elderly people are, by virtue of their age, at greater risk of stroke.
Elderly people are, of course, more prone to visual fatigue.
Elderly people can be quite disturbed and frightened by noisy and unruly behavior.
Elderly people can feel more comfortable sitting outside on a summer evening.
Elderly people can feel the pain of rejection as well.
Elderly people can feel the pain of rejection.
Elderly people can lose their vitality and can be bed ridden for couple days.
Elderly people can request that pharmacists put easy-open lids on their prescription bottles.
Elderly people come from far away in search of water.
Elderly people deserve better.
Elderly people differ widely in physical ability as well as in social and economic status.
Elderly people engage in meaningful and satisfying leisure activities.
Elderly people experience changes in their nutritional requirements.
Elderly people feel more comfortable sitting outside on a summer evening.
Elderly people feel shy to use hearing aids.
Elderly people go here mainly for recreational needs.
Elderly people have a difficult time assimilating the B vitamins.
Elderly people have a pigtail tied on top of their head and covered with a black turban.
Elderly people have less fear of death and dying than younger people.
Elderly people have to be offered a seat in a bus.
Elderly people have to be treated with respect.
Elderly people have trouble keeping their bodies warm and blankets are important.
Elderly people living in rural public housing also often have limited access to supportive services.
Elderly people loitering in public places are fonts of knowledge.
Elderly people lose important respiratory defense mechanisms as they age.
Elderly people love getting company when they are at nursing homes.
Elderly people love it because there are no hidden costs and it is so simple to use.
Elderly people metabolize the verapamil enantiomer more slowly than young people.
Elderly people read more than most age groups and value their libraries.
Elderly people recounting their life experiences are excellent subjects.
Elderly people regard it as a place of ultimate rest because they are so tired.
Elderly people remember meals of the past as simple but adequate, without a morsel wasted.
Elderly people represent a significant fraction of the population.
Elderly people require more routine and preventive care services than working adults.
Elderly people slip on the steps and break their hips.
Elderly people spend more on drugs than on doctor bills.
Elderly people suffer from insecurity and pain.
Elderly people suffer important pain problems that are often overlooked or undertreated.
Elderly people suffer the most harm.
Elderly people tend to develop cancer more frequently than younger people.
Elderly people tend to get lonely, especially when there are no children around.
Elderly people tend to use more lethal methods and they often have stronger suicidal intent.
Elderly people vote and, as a result, their health is politically important.
Many elderly people acquire actinic keratosis or sun produced horny growth.
Many elderly people are at risk for development of pressure ulcers.
Many elderly people are either physically or mentally unable to look after themselves.
Many elderly people are less agile than younger patients, with physical difficulties to overcome.
Many elderly people complain of loss of taste, making eating much less enjoyable.
Many elderly people enjoy an active retirement and contribute to economic, cultural and social life.
Many elderly people experience anxiety over personal finances and life changes.
Many elderly people experience mild cognitive impairments.
Many elderly people fear sickness, dependency, and potential poverty, causing extreme anxiety.
Many elderly people feel cold at temperatures that younger people find normal.
Many elderly people find it difficult to read a telephone number and dial it with speed.
Many elderly people have a better appetite when they dine with a friend.
Many elderly people have a silent problem about alcohol.
Many elderly people have a story or two to tell about their own baby that died many years ago.
Many elderly people have an undetected problem with alcohol.
Many elderly people have no intention of leaving.
Many elderly people have painful chronic conditions.
Many elderly people have some degree of osteoarthritis.
Many elderly people have trouble sleeping at night.
Many elderly people live in nursing homes.
Many elderly people live there.
Many elderly people lose the ability to distinguish between salty, sour, sweet, and bitter flavors.
Many elderly people love to see well behaved, polite children.
Many elderly people rely on medication aids such as the seven-day pill dispenser.
Many elderly people store cash at home.
Many elderly people tend to eat very poorly with little variety.
Most elderly people are less concerned about themselves.
Most elderly people choose to have in-home care over nursing home care.
Most elderly people don t want to deal with losing something that s comfortable.
Most elderly people fear death less than younger people fear it.
Most elderly people have deficiencies, making osteoporosis worse.
Most elderly people have fear.
Most elderly people lack sufficient amounts of hydrochloric acid.
Most elderly people live in suburban or rural areas, making access even more difficult.
Most elderly people live in their own homes or apartments, and they probably prefer it that way.
Most elderly people seem to call, rendering the mix of songs somewhat twisted.
Most elderly people take advantage.
Some elderly people are hard of hearing.
Some elderly people are quite poor.
Some elderly people are unable to detect the odorant in gas.
Some elderly people become reclusive or are institutionalized unnecessarily because of incontinence.
Some elderly people drink glass.
Some elderly people drink juice glass.
Some elderly people experience short term confusion and disorientation from the anesthesia.
Some elderly people produce very small amounts of it or none at all.
Some elderly people suffer from a gradually weakening heart.
Elderly people are humans.
Elderly people are located in nursing homes.
Elderly people have fear.
Elderly people need assistance.
Elderly people take advantage.
Elderly persons are especially susceptible to incontinence.
Elderly persons are more likely to experience prolonged or severe symptoms.
Elderly persons demonstrate an impaired ability to identify food by taste.
Elderly persons react with fear or panic when danger is imminent, as are their younger counterparts.
Elderly persons traveling with a lot of cash can be an easy target for pickpockets and other cons.
Elderly persons use many support services.
Every elderly person can live a dignified life.
Every elderly person has the right to social protection.
Many elderly persons are passionate gamblers.
Many elderly persons find themselves in nursing homes after a debilitating illness.
Many elderly persons rely on food stamps to meet their nutritional needs.
Some elderly persons feel some urgency in making amends.
Elderly pets are great for older persons or someone wanting a calmer pet.
Elderly pets are like elderly people.
Elderly population is confident when estimating portion sizes without aids in dietary recalls.
Elderly populations are also skewed, with more than four women for each man at some ages.
Most elderly readers find it easier to read text with more spacing between words, letters and lines.
Elderly refugees are often among the first to return.
Elderly renters are more likely than owners to experience both violence and personal theft.
Elderly renters have similar problems with cost burdens.
Elderly residents can remember lorries dumping many unidentified drums on the site.
Elderly residents say the sight was too familiar.
Elderly residents wouldn t venture out to walk to the store.
Many elderly residents enjoy their retirement years in Rosebud, Texas.
Many elderly residents walk to nearby businesses and stores.
Elderly shooters can still compete very well in matches.
Elderly skin can be very vulnerable to pressure sores.
Elderly sufferers are at a higher risk of complications.
Elderly sufferers fear being placed in a nursing home.
Many elderly vessels are now partially or totally buried in mud and sand.
Many elderly veterans rely on working family members for transportation.
Elderly widowers are particularly susceptible to suicide.
Elderly widowers comprise a very high risk group, more so than their female spouses.
Elderly woman suffers from broken hip due to bank's negligent maintenance of sidewalk slabs.
Elderly women appear to be the most susceptible to developing tardive dyskinesia from neuroleptics.
Elderly women are elderly people.
Elderly women are less likely than elderly men to have significant income from private pensions.
Elderly women are more likely than men to be institutionalized.
Elderly women are much more likely to live alone than elderly men.
Elderly women are nearly three times as likely to be widowed as male seniors.
Elderly women are nearly twice as likely to be poor as other seniors.
Elderly women are particularly likely to have non-malignant abnormalities in their breasts.
Elderly women are women.
Elderly women can fare even worse in the public eye.
Elderly women constitute most of the new cases and deaths from breast cancer.
Elderly women consume beverages.
Elderly women cry uncontrollably.
Elderly women draw pictures of five-headed cobras on wooden planks, recite mantras and pray.
Elderly women experience depression more often than elderly men.
Elderly women lie on mats by the walls to each side.
Elderly women remain housebound, unable to speak on the phone or order food at a restaurant.
Elderly women snap up the home-made sourdough loaves.
Elderly women sustain more severe physical and psychological injury.
Elderly women wave their arms.
All elderly women are freakin' perverts.
Many elderly women are on a fixed budget, and that type of polyester clothing wears well.
Many elderly women have the misconception that breast cancer is a disease of younger women.
Most elderly women consume beverages.
Most elderly women depend on public pensions.
Some elderly women fall on backs.
Elderly workers have an excellent work ethic.
An eldership is a position
Eldership has no set qualifications, no prescribed course of study.
Eldership increases the co-intelligence of a system's leadership field.
Elderships are positions.
Eldest brothers have pulses.
Most eldest brothers have pulses.
Some eldest brothers die from cancer.
Some eldest brothers die from skin cancer.
Eldest male is leader of family's economy-family business.
Eldorado Canyon is famous for world class rock climbing on traditional, multi-pitch routes.
Eldorado Canyon is located about three miles southeast of Dayton, Nevada in the Pine Nut Mountains.
An eldorado is imagination
Eldorado attracts considerable play from private and corporate tournaments.
Eldorado has a smart, veteran team and plenty of perimeter firepower.
Eldorado is an old gold mining town.
Eldorado is our favorite rock climbing area.
Eldorado is primarily an exploration company, trading on the Toronto and Vancouver stock exchanges.
Eldorado is the mythical city of gold spoken about by many authors before Voltaire s time.
Eldorados are albums.
Eldorados are buildings.
Many Eldred students receive scholarships to pursue their college education.
Ele come ou a trabalhar.
Ele conhecia a minha dor e os problemas que eu passava.
Ele disse que ele n o pode.
Ele disse que era uma brincadeira.
Eles come aram ent o a se afastar vagarosamente.
Eles cover the ground effortlessly and soon disappeared into the reeds and long grass.
Eles cuidam de crian as deficientes em v rias formas.
Eles escolheram a melhor mulher para fazer esse trabalho.
Electic motors are compact, powerful, controllable, and quiet.
Electical devices set to give the snorer a 'shock' when the decibel level reaches a certain level.
Electical service is furnished through a grid system in the exhibit hall floor.
Electing judges can be distasteful.
Election board makes up the ballot.
Election cake is simply a version of the great cake they baked on election day.
Election campaign begins.
Election campaign ends.
Election campaigns are also about setting the agenda, creating the issue for the day.
Election campaigns are costly and many local leaders rely on the help of business.
Election campaigns are critical periods in the lives of democracies.
Election campaigns are expensive.
Election campaigns cost big money They can be very expensive.
Election campaigns cost money.
Election campaigns develop skills in communications, marketing and technology.
Election campaigns pass with bare whispers of concern about the impending tumult.
Election campaigns seek to destroy individual candidates rather than to illuminate issues.
Every election campaign is full of charges and countercharges about taxes.
An election commission is a commission
Election commission encourages voting by mail .
Election commission reports.
Election committee reports.
An election day is a day
Election day arrives.
Election day brings with it a flurry of activity.
Election day can make or break a campaign.
Election day continues with no immediate end in sight.
Election day is a holiday in order to enable all to participate.
Election day is a virtual holiday.
Election day is almost a fiesta.
Election day is fast approaching and political excitement is running high.
Election day is only three weeks away.
Election day is very close.
Election days are big events - nobody wants to see empty seats.
Election days are like any other day.
Election days are used for voting.
Election days depend on when the dining halls are open.
Election days vary depending upon the type of election.
Election deposit has to be made from personal means of candidate.
Election fraud is fraud
Election fraud is nothing new.
Election fraud is the first problem to come to mind.
Election judges are an integral part of the election process.
Election judges are responsible for the administration of election procedures in the voting place.
Election judges are vital to efficient and honest elections.
Election Judges have legal authority to conduct the election in the polling place.
Election judges help guarantee that the rights of voters are protected on election day.
Election judges help guarantee the rights of voters are protected on election day.
Election judges work in the polling places on election day.
Election law allows non-citizen legal residents to vote in the local government elections.
Election law allows up to five people to sign a ballot argument.
Election law is a new and limited field.
Election law is the crucible that keeps politics in New York an insider's game.
Election law requires municipalities to conduct a systematic purge every five years.
Election laws are complicated, changing and unforgiving.
Election laws are far more lax in some surrounding states, such as Kentucky, Ohio and Virginia.
Election laws limit contributions to individual donations.
Election laws require a lot of paper work on political ads.
All election law is created either by the constitution or by statute.
Election manifestos are documents that endorse proposed policies of political parties.
Election night is their ultimate test.
Election night ought to be fun.
Every election night is the political equivalent of the Super Bowl.
Election observers play an important role in the pursuit of democratic elections.
Election officials are always on the front line of proposing positive changes to our voting process.
Election officials are far more worried about mass cheating.
Election officials can be formidable opponents of voting system reform.
Election officials disagree.
Election officials expect to cut by half the time it took to count ballots.
Election officials give much of the credit to technology.
Election officials have a responsibility to make sure it is never repeated.
Election officials have until tomorrow afternoon to check all the paperwork.
Election officials meet today to decide how to proceed.
Election officials open the back of the machine and read the tallies for each office.
Election officials say many parties are spending between Rs.
Election officials say missing chads change nothing.
Election officials say mistakes part of system.
Election officials say there has been no move in recent years to change that system.
Election officials say turnout was high.
Election officials suggest voters overcome the problem by filling-in the gap to connect the arrow.
Election officials urge that requests for reassignment be submitted as soon as possible.
Most election officials are conscienctious and hard working.
Some election officials believe leasing is the way to go in the short run.
Election pledges mean nothing when Brussels cracks the whip.
Election reform is a topic currently receiving much national and local attention.
Election reform is on the move, but campaign finance reform seems to be going nowhere fast.
Election results affect every citizen in one way or another.
Election results are available almost instantaneously on the election office web site.
Election results are available by state and for many states, by county.
Election results are in and final.
Election results are in.
Election Results are now available.
Election results are public record.
Election results are public records.
Election results are unofficial until canvassed or adopted by the party, county, city or school.
Election results determine the positions held ex officio .
Election results promise to remain unclear at least until sometime today.
Election results say yes.
Election results show the sharp drop in popular support from when they first came to power.
Election results tell a different story.
Election results underscore that voters want to meet their priority needs without raising taxes.
All election results are unofficial until approved by the canvassing board.
Election turnouts are lower than ever.
An election is a vote
Election becomes farce becomes comedy and suddenly it's interesting again.
Election Can limit franchise in spec.
Election challenges probably over.
Election changes little.
Election Dates One vote is important.
Election dates The following is a list of deadlines for the general student body elections.
Election disputes e. Proceedings after judgement for a liquidated sum.
Election dominates everything.
Election ends, finally.
Election expenses No registrable interests.
Election finds unmitigated expression without any synergism.
Election follows a rigorous evaluation procedure.
Election gives assurance of salvation.
Election has a few other storylines intertwined within it's fascinating plot.
Election has the most deserving script out of the bunch, but has the weakest chance of the five.
Election immediately determines who charts the future of the state for a long time.
Election involves a choice between rights.
Election is a basic civil right that democratic nations place immeasurable value upon.
Election is a completely unmerited gift.
Election is a condition for faith.
Election is a consulting company on electronic publishing and webdesign.
Election is a critical component of many systems.
Election is a darkly funny, often twisted, and thoroughly enjoyable film.
Election is a film that consistently entertains, offering a few belly-laughs in the process.
Election is a guaranteed remedy to the seedy politics of appointment.
Election is a modern liberarian classic and deserves the widest audience possible.
Election is a month away and nothing is assured.
Election is a movie made of such memories.
Election is a narrative piece surrounding four characters.
Election is a political form present in the smallest Russian commune and artel.
Election is a right of the congregation.
Election is a subversive, wickedly funny film.
Election is a winner.
Election is an expression of feelings.
Election is an honor and members are selected for their contributions to the medical field.
Election is at the discretion of the executive.
Election is based on academic achievements and leadership.
Election is based on grades along with the necessity to be in the top forth of the class.
Election is based on scholarship and character.
Election is based on scholarship and promise in the field.
Election is based primarily upon scholarship with sound character considered.
Election is by a form of proportional representation.
Election is by a preferential system.
Election is by a simple plurality of votes cast.
Election is by a two-thirds vote of participating cardinals.
Election is by a vote of two-thirds of the members present at the annual meeting.
Election is by ballot.
Election is by closed ballot - majority vote of the members taken during the business meeting.
Election is by invitation.
Election is by majority by secret ballot.
Election is by majority vote of members present at the meeting.
Election is by majority vote, a quorum being present.
Election is by majority vote.
Election is by member majority vote.
Election is by nomination and ballot.
Election is by nomination only during the spring semester.
Election is by proportional representation.
Election is by secret ballot and a majority of active members present at the meeting.
Election is by simple majority at the annual general meeting.
Election is by the membership, at annual meeting, for a three-year term.
Election is by unanimous consent of drama instructors.
Election is by unanimous vote.
Election is considered a virtual certainty.
Election is considered one of the highest honors that can be accorded a scientist or engineer.
Election is considered one of the highest honors that can be accorded a U.S. scientist or engineer.
Election is corporate and potentially inclusive of outsiders.
Election is crude.
Election is determined by candidates playing a game of poker.
Election is done with prayer.
Election is for a three year term.
Election is for six years.
Election is for the sake of service in order to accomplish the divine plan for all creation.
Election is held annually.
Election is held on the entire slate or any write in votes.
Election is held twice a year, once in the fall and once in the spring semester.
Election is just a week away.
Election is made when taking the first installment.
Election is no bopperflick.
Election is no easy subject for armchair students.
Election is no qualification on our part to be used as a plea in prayer.
Election is one of the highest professional distinctions given to an engineer.
Election is one of the year's best comedies.
Election is optional for temporary and part-time employees.
Election is optional for temporary employees.
Election is over with.
Election is over.
Election is pending.
Election is performed by a secret ballot.
Election is quieted with foreknowledge.
Election is somewhat of a piece of gambling.
Election is statewide.
Election is surely unconditional according to all the teachings of Scripture.
Election is the cause of our vocation, and vocation is the sign of our election.
Election is the first cause of our salvation.
Election is the first link of the golden chain of salvation, vocation is the second.
Election is the foundation-cause of our vocation.
Election is the fountain-cause of our vocation.
Election is the instrument of democratization designed to achieve particular outcomes.
Election is the last thing they have in mind.
Election is the time to choose a better government.
Election is the time when people can use their freedom to chose for their leaders.
Election is unconditional.
Election is unto salvation.
Election is vocation.
Election lets no one off the hook, including the audience.
Election means any general or special municipal election in the city.
Election means to choose, or pick out.
Election offers both.
Election promises The crowd kept swelling, eager to hear their party's election manifesto.
Election recognizes distinguished research achievements.
Election refers to choice and call.
Election refers to the idea of the chosen people.
Election Remember to register for the upcoming election.
Election requires a majority of the votes cast.
Election requires a majority of votes of the members present.
Election requires a majority vote of the membership present.
Election requires a simple majority of voting representatives present.
Election requires a two-thirds majority of votes cast.
Election requires only a simple majority of the full board membership.
Election results All vote counts are unofficial.
Election results from around the world.
Election rigging in Florida is common knowledge among long-time state residents.
Election runs all through it, very strongly expressed.
Election simply means choosing.
Election takes place on an annual basis.
Election talk too.
Elections allow elected leaders to reward friends and punish enemies.
Elections alone are no guarantee to democracy.
Elections appear to be running smoothly.
Elections appear to replace the old guard with young turks, but, somehow, nothing ever changes.
Elections are a fraud to distract people from the truth.
Elections are a high risk activity.
Elections are a long time in coming.
Elections are a means by which the landlords and the big bourgeoisie exercise their rule.
Elections are a means of domination by the landlords and the big bourgeoisie.
Elections are a month away.
Elections are a natural time for transitions. . . .
Elections are a peaceful means to settle differences.
Elections are a serious business.
Elections are a stressful time for some people.
Elections are a time for talking the talk, but walking the walk is too risky for everyone involved.
Elections are a tool through which voters try to communicate.
Elections are a way to help prevent that.
Elections are about accountability.
Elections are about choices.
Elections are about differences of opinion, and thus about division.
Elections are about equity and transparency.
Elections are about issues.
Elections are about making choices and picking winners.
Elections are about many things.
Elections are about our future.
Elections are about public responsibility.
Elections are about the future.
Elections are about views and directions.
Elections are all about accountability.
Elections are all about communication.
Elections are all about TV, and TV costs a lot of money.
Elections are all about winners and losers.
Elections are almost as free and fair as the United States, and much more accurate.
Elections are almost complete.
Elections are also the means of peacefully transferring power from one person or group to another.
Elections are also the time for scapegoats.
Elections are always about the future.
Elections are always disruptive.
Elections are always exciting times.
Elections are always hard things.
Elections are an alternate access to the power and authority of government.
Elections are an artform which people see in different ways.
Elections are an important part of life in Rome.
Elections are an important part of roman life.
Elections are an integral part of both the democratic process and the American culture.
Elections are at the next meeting.
Elections are blunt instruments.
Elections are both boon and bane.
Elections are by ballot, and a majority of all votes cast is necessary for election.
Elections are by postal vote only.
Elections are by proportional representation.
Elections are by secret ballot and the results are to be made public the at the time of election.
Elections are by secret ballot preceded by a full discussion of all candidates.
Elections are by secret ballot to be deposited in a ballot box.
Elections are by secret ballot.
Elections are by simple majority of members present and voting, by show of hands.
Elections are by simple majority of members present.
Elections are by universal suffrage of all citizens over eighteen years of age.
Elections are by voice vote.
Elections are choices.
Elections are clean, well-attended.
Elections are close shaves and they can turn countries.
Elections are close so be prepared.
Elections are colourful, noisy and fun.
Elections are competitive, but congressional incumbents win in a majority of cases.
Elections are competitive, with wide public participation, and always peaceful.
Elections are costly.
Elections are county wide.
Elections are crucial in a system of representative democracy.
Elections are currently underway.
Elections are data-driven events.
Elections are different in Israel.
Elections are done between the main person and the opposition.
Elections are down the road.
Elections are due before the end of the year.
Elections are due for parliamentary and presidential posts early next year.
Elections are due for the Serbian parliament and presidency next year.
Elections are either non-existent or a foreboding of disaster, as in the case of Algeria and Turkey.
Elections are elections.
Elections are essentially party contests.
Elections are essentially salesmanship and sales require advertising.
Elections are even bigger news.
Elections are events.
Elections are every Spring and are held during a regular meeting.
Elections are every two years.
Elections are exciting and interesting, for the voters and the candidates.
Elections are for and between human beings.
Elections are free and fair.
Elections are free and regularly draw high levels of participation.
Elections are free, fair, and open.
Elections are fundamental to our democratic processes.
Elections are funny things.
Elections are held every four years.
Elections are held every two years.
Elections are held in every fourth year .
Elections are held in every fourth year.
Elections are held in the spring .
Elections are held in the spring.
Elections are held roughly every four years.
Elections are huge one-day operations.
Elections are human endeavors, and labor-intensive ones at that.
Elections are important to that testing.
Elections are in a few weeks.
Elections are in the fall for the upcoming freshman classes.
Elections are in the spring.
Elections are just a couple of months away.
Elections are just a time of much illusion and manipulation.
Elections are just part of the duties of the secretary of state.
Elections are late.
Elections are like hot dogs.
Elections are longer, more costly and more reliant upon image and entertainment than ever.
Elections are mere referendums as power is sapped from Washington.
Elections are messy things.
Elections are messy, and one reason is outdated technology.
Elections are more often a spur to action than a barrier to it.
Elections are More than Just a Game.
Elections are mostly a question of money.
Elections are never perfect.
Elections are never static phenomena.
Elections are next week.
Elections are no exception.
Elections are nonpartisan and all officials are elected to four-year terms.
Elections are non-partisan and at large.
Elections are nonpartisan.
Elections are non-partisan.
Elections are now a part of our culture.
Elections are now routine.
Elections are numbers driven.
Elections are obviously the embodiment of that democratic principle.
Elections are of the whole council once every four years.
Elections are on the agenda.
Elections are on the horizon.
Elections are one form of political struggle.
Elections are one gauge of political democracy.
Elections are one of the most important exercises of the democratic process.
Elections are one of the most important things in a democratic system.
Elections are one way of holding people to account.
Elections are one year away and any thing can transpire in the next few months.
Elections are ongoing in seven departments.
Elections are only a number of months off.
Elections are only a pre-condition for successful democracy.
Elections are only interesting when there is a choice.
Elections are only one possible tool to make concentrated power answerable to the people.
Elections are only open to vote by general members.
Elections are open to all members of the club.
Elections are our country's way of firing unwanted employees.
Elections are over and it's time to get behind our new officers and start to work.
Elections are over finally.
Elections are over The elections are over.
Elections are over with and the new executive board is eager to start the New Year.
Elections are part of ordinary life.
Elections are part of the second option.
Elections are particularly hard to deal with.
Elections are predestination.
Elections are public or private, as the command dictates.
Elections are simply the ratification of hard fought for victories through social struggle.
Elections are slick.
Elections are snapshots in time and mandated by law to take place on a certain day.
Elections are soon.
Elections are status.
Elections are strictly non-partisan.
Elections are such that five judges are elected every three years.
Elections are the cornerstone of democracy.
Elections are the cornerstone of our American democracy.
Elections are the easy part.
Elections are the exam, testing the health of our system.
Elections are the first test and the basic requirement of legitimacy.
Elections are the foundation of democracy.
Elections are the heart of a representative democracy.
Elections are the most important pillar of democracy.
Elections are the necessary next step along the long, difficult road to a unified, peaceful Bosnia.
Elections are the primary way by which consent of the governed is realized in modern democracies.
Elections are the same way.
Elections are to be held annually during the last week of fall semester's instruction period.
Elections are to be held at a regularly scheduled meeting.
Elections are to be held at the Annual General Meeting.
Elections are to be held at the last meeting of the spring semester.
Elections are to be held before the annual spring banquet.
Elections are to be held biennially.
Elections are to be held in no more than three years.
Elections are to be run by one or more non-candidate members of the committee.
Elections are to democracy what heart-throbs are to life.
Elections are to take place before the end of the year.
Elections are today.
Elections are undecided.
Elections are underway in classrooms for representatives.
Elections are underway.
Elections are unmonitored and considered fraudulent.
Elections are unpredictable at best.
Elections are usually by thirds.
Elections are usually for a four year term.
Elections are usually in the early summer.
Elections are very cruel to trees.
Elections are very different.
Elections are very heavily dependent upon accurate records which are kept in appropriate conditions.
Elections are very low key affairs.
Elections are very straight-forward affairs.
Elections are votes.
Elections are weird things.
Elections are window-dressing for decisions that are going to be made anyway.
Elections are, however, anything but free and fair.
Elections are, of course, a necessary and important component of democratic systems.
Elections are, therefore, a fairly competence-neutral method for selecting judges.
Elections basically measure the sentiment of the electorate for the candidates.
Elections begin tomorrow.
Elections bolster states' power and authority.
Elections can be a fun exciting process, so let's all get involved and have some fun.
Elections can be as little as a few hundred voters, to the many, many million.
Elections can be by mail ballot or by the members present at a specified society meeting.
Elections can be won by single votes, and single votes joined together can mean a landslide victory.
Elections can change the responsibilities government officials and the direction of e-government.
Elections can change the responsibilities of key officials andthe direction of e-government.
Elections can even lead to a backlash, as frustrations rise and tensions turn into violence.
Elections can further polarize groups.
Elections can hinge on trivial events or circumstances.
Elections can only take place with quorum.
Elections can place limits on who can participate and how, who can win, and what winners do.
Elections can present unique opportunities to be heard by both citizens and candidates.
Elections can t turn back the capitalist assault on the workers.
Elections can then follow.
Elections can turn on little things.
Elections cause cold weather.
Elections change so little.
Elections clarify for parties and voters the current character of their relations.
Elections come and go, but bureaucracies appear capable of cranking out text all the time.
Elections come and go.
Elections come every three years, and all members are entitled to run for office.
Elections confirms polarisation.
Elections constitute defining moments for modern democracies.
Elections constitute the backbone of democray.
Elections depend on participation.
Elections do strange things to language.
Elections everywhere reflect certain national characteristics.
Elections follow soon afterward.
Elections force judges to deal with the concerns of people.
Elections generate local factions, which, in turn, nurture election campaigns.
Elections Get ready for the most dramatic election of the year.
Elections give all citizens unprecedented power and responsibility.
Elections give newcomers the chance to unseat incumbents or to fill vacated positions.
Elections happen here.
Elections have consequences.
Elections have the power to remove officials.
Elections have to be made, and can only be made on a timely filed income tax return.
Elections have to work, it's as simple as that.
Elections help to guarantee some direct responsibility to the individuals who vote.
Elections hold great importance in Latin America because they can legitimize democratic regimes.
Elections institutionalize access to political power.
Elections involve a primary nominating election and then a general election.
Elections involve complex procedures.
Elections involve the other branches of government.
Elections is a long process and with a few hours a brand new board is elected.
Elections keep the control in the hands of the public.
Elections make decisions that effect our daily lives.
Elections matter a lot.
Elections mean democracy.
Elections mean nothing in the face of such obnoxious laws.
Elections never are in Trenton.
Elections normally occur in the second quarter of the calendar year.
Elections occur approximately two months prior to the Annual Meeting.
Elections occur at the following meeting.
Elections occur at the general membership business meeting held during the annual conference.
Elections occur but are accompanied by much manipulation.
Elections occur each odd-numbered year.
Elections occur each spring.
Elections occur every fall.
Elections occur in the fall during the third week of classes.
Elections occur on a biennial basis.
Elections occur two weeks later.
Elections only occur once a year.
Elections ought also to be free.
Elections produce stalemate.
Elections provide a chance to remind politicians of their responsibility.
Elections provide a crucial opportunity to assess the actual workings of a democracy.
Elections provide a crucial step in the democratic process.
Elections provide the state with the perfect way of tracking dissidents.
Elections Provides background information on candidates running for office in Alabama.
Elections put ideas and slogans to a market test.
Elections report their results much faster.
Elections require a vote as described in Article V, Elections.
Elections require intensive planning and preparation.
Elections result in new center-right government.
Elections result in winners and losers.
Elections reveal, more than create, divides.
Elections revolve around personalities rather than issues.
Elections See also Election sites for more links.
Elections seem to be going well.
Elections send reporters to parts of the country they never otherwise reach.
Elections serve two main purposes.
Elections shape their futures.
Elections sharpen images, define character and hone down party messages to bare essentials.
Elections socialize political activity.
Elections spur democratic development well beyond the ballot box.
Elections succeed or fail at the grass roots, voting station level.
Elections take effect immediately following the announcement.
Elections take money to run and early money is the mothers milk of an election campaign.
Elections take place among the candidacies that meet the requirements demanded at the set time.
Elections take place at a business meeting held in conjunction with the quadrennial congress.
Elections take place at different times for different types of republics.
Elections take place before the first meeting of each calendar year.
Elections take place each spring.
Elections take place every five years.
Elections take place every four years.
Elections take place every two years.
Elections take place every year, to elect one-third of the council.
Elections take place in the Federal Republic of Germany.
Elections take place in the spring semester of each school year.
Elections take place the following week.
Elections take place within two weeks of a module commencing.
Elections test our commitment and our faith in democracy.
Elections thus serve as an important means of limiting the power of a government.
Elections touch the lives of literally every person in our state.
Elections use a system of proportional representation to ensure a diversity of opinion.
Elections work better when politics are already tamed.
Elections always have flaws.
Elections always mean raising campaign funds.
Elections often turn on what the candidates promise to do for voters from government funds.
Election usually takes place before the last graduate Seminar held during Spring Semester.
Elections usually depend on the voters' level of economic contentment.
Elections usually take place every four or five years.
Elections usually turn on open seats.
All elections are by mail.
All elections are final.
All elections are non-partisan, with staggered terms.
All elections are non-partisan.
All elections are on a non-partisan basis.
All elections are to be by postal ballot.
All elections are to be carried out through ballot voting.
All elections are to be conducted by secret ballot.
All elections are to use secret ballots.
All elections have errors, even minor frauds.
All elections involving the use of earned sick or vacation leave are subject to their availability.
All elections produce smaller and smaller turnouts and ever larger numbers of blank ballot papers.
All elections take place at the Annual General Meeting .
All elections take place by closed votes.
All elections take place by secret ballot.
Any election also makes clear that people vote for valid and bogus reasons.
Any election attempts with a pope in office is all for naught.
Any election filed after the time period specified is ineffective.
Any election is about two very important issues - past performance and a vision for the future.
Every election can have a significant impact on the quality of life in Monroe County.
Every election is a reaction to the previous one.
Every election is a referendum on the future.
Every election is a sort of advance auction sale of stolen goods.
Every election is determined by what experts call a defining issue.
Every election is different.
Every Election is explained in plain English.
Every election is fixed to ensure that interlopers are kept out.
Every election is for a full term.
Every election is historic in a certain sense.
Every election is important.
Every election sees an occasional stolen vote.
Every election yields contradictory interpretations by winners and losers.
Every election's the same.
Many elections earn a reputation or a moniker.
Many elections go uncontested because of a lack of candidates.
Most elections are close.
Most elections boil down to a fight over half a dozen states.
Most elections hinge on village- based allegiances rather than policy issues.
Most elections present the public with a measure of choice.
Some elections are about great issues.
Some elections are extremely close.
Some elections are through the student body, while others are within each group.
Some elections portend great changes in the American political landscape.
Some elections send a clear message.
Some elections unleash great waves of passion.
Electional astrology can also be very complex and time consuming and take years to master.
Electional astrology is the art of precise timing to enhance a desired outcome.
Electional astrology shares many methods with horary astrology.
Elections board sets election time line.
Elections committee needs members.
Elections Offices are to be filled by election.
Elections officials urge that requests for reassignment be made immediately.
Elections results are in.
Elections results are unmerciful.
Elective abortion is covered as any other sickness.
Elective abortion is less traumatic than giving a child up for adoption.
Elective area depends upon course's department affiliation and project topic.
Elective area depends upon faculty supervisor's department affiliation and project topic.
Elective area depends upon faculty supervisor's departmental affiliation and project topic.
Elective choice is available in either of the dual degree programs.
Elective choices are determined in consultation with the graduate program coordinator.
Elective choices change quarterly.
Elective choices provide opportunity for specialization and individualization.
Elective classes allow students to enroll in other subjects of individual interest.
Elective classes are at various times and are open to anyone.
Elective classes are available.
Elective classes are generally small.
Elective classes begin.
Elective classes offered outside the magnet component are available to magnet students.
All elective classes are also available as 'stand-alone' modules.
Some elective classes are already full, but others are available.
Some elective classes involve student projects.
Elective classrooms are accessible from a common area as well as within the pod.
Elective clerkships can begin after the first semester in the program.
Elective contributions belong to participants from the time they are put in the plan.
An elective course is a course
Elective courses accomodate individual interests.
Elective courses add depth of knowledge to that base.
Elective courses address specific student interests.
Elective courses allow for concentrated study in a particular area of management science.
Elective courses allow for more detailed study in one or more areas.
Elective courses allow for the development of the particular interests of each student.
Elective courses allow individual specialization.
Elective courses allow students to augment knowledge in areas suited to their individual needs.
Elective courses allow students to concentrate in Electronics, Power, or both.
Elective courses allow students to concentrate their studies in specific areas.
Elective courses allow students to focus their study in a specific area.
Elective courses allow students to further specialize in an area of interest.
Elective courses allow students to gain advanced training in an area of interest.
Elective courses allow students to pursue aspects of the computer industry which are of interest.
Elective courses allow students to pursue particular interests.
Elective courses allow students to pursue selected technical or non-technical topics in depth.
Elective courses allow students to pursue their own particular interests in the discipline.
Elective courses allow students to pursue their own particular interests within the discipline.
Elective courses allow students to tailor the curriculum to their personal needs.
Elective courses allow the student to choose areas for in-depth study or explore additional fields.
Elective courses allow the student to focus on either financial planning or financial counseling.
Elective courses alternate from year to year.
Elective courses are also available for first and second year students.
Elective courses are also available in glass and metal arts.
Elective courses are also available in horse, beef and swine production.
Elective courses are at the discretion of the student, with times and dates varying.
Elective courses are available beginning in the ninth grade.
Elective courses are available in all areas of the curriculum.
Elective courses are available in either the day or evening.
Elective courses are available in statistics, immunology, nutrition and pharmacology.
Elective courses are courses.
Elective Courses are in Tan Boxes.
Elective courses are opportunities to continue to build the skills in specific topic areas.
Elective courses are primarily two-hour courses.
Elective courses are subject to approval of the department.
Elective courses are subject to the approval of the faculty advisor.
Elective courses are suggestions for a strong but general education in electrical engineering.
Elective courses are ten weeks in length .
Elective courses are to be chosen from a minimum of three academic departments.
Elective courses are to be selected in consultation with department head and faculty advisor.
Elective courses are to be selected in consultation with faculty advisors.
Elective courses are to be selected in consultation with the department head or advisor.
Elective courses are to be selected in consultation with the department head or faculty advisor.
Elective courses are to be taken in addition to required courses.
Elective courses build upon required courses in each of the five functional areas.
Elective courses can be any course chosen by the student.
Elective courses can come from other departments.
Elective courses cater to a variety of experience levels and interests.
Elective courses change from term to term.
Elective courses comprise roughly forty percent of the credits required for graduation.
Elective courses concentrate on historical periods, authors, or specific topics and genres.
Elective courses constitute an integral part of the student's total program in medical school.
Elective courses cover a wide range of options in the fourth year.
Elective courses cover a wide spectrum of neuroscientific problems in greater depth.
Elective courses cover a wide variety of advanced topics.
Elective courses cover costume history, fashion illustration, textiles and accessory design.
Elective courses cover user interface design and artificial intelligence.
Elective courses deal with law, business, and education.
Elective courses depend upon student level.
Elective courses enable students to develop and enhance skills in all areas of management.
Elective courses enable students to personalize the high school experience.
Elective courses enable students to place their criminological interests in a broader perspective.
Elective courses enrich the various fields of study.
Elective courses expand students' knowledge in many areas.
Elective courses focus on a study of psychology, future studies and community learning and service.
Elective courses focus on key moments in Western and world history.
Elective courses focus on skill development in an area of special interest to the student.
Elective courses follow a two year cycle.
Elective courses form the third part of the curriculum.
Elective courses give students the opportunity to specialize in various areas of packaging.
Elective Courses Graduate nursing students can choose from a wide variety of elective opportunities.
Elective courses is available.
Elective courses last a half-day .
Elective courses make up the third curricular component at Chicago and serve a variety of purposes.
Elective courses meet for a varying number of classes in a variety of formats.
Elective courses meet in traditional and non-traditional formats.
Elective courses meet weekly throughout the quarter.
Elective courses offer a chance to explore a variety of fields and interests.
Elective courses offer breadth while the senior project provides depth.
Elective courses offer encounters with newer, untapped technologies and approaches.
Elective courses offer specialization in a particular style of massage therapy.
Elective courses permit emphasis on various interest areas.
Elective courses permit emphasis on various interests.
Elective courses permit further expression of a student's individual interests.
Elective courses permit in-depth study in a particular area of chemical engineering.
Elective courses permit students to specialize in areas of personal interest.
Elective courses provide breadth in appropriate areas outside the student's concentration.
Elective courses provide in-depth study of specialized areas of the subject.
Elective courses provide opportunities to tailor the degree to student interests and career goals.
Elective courses provide options for personalizing coursework.
Elective courses provide participants with more specialized techniques and applications.
Elective courses provide specialized areas of study.
Elective courses provide the flexibility to take specialized courses in a number of different areas.
Elective courses provide the opportunity for in-depth study in specialty areas.
Elective courses provide topic areas of special interest.
Elective courses round out the student s program.
Elective courses selected with adviser approval complete the program.
Elective courses serve diverse purposes within the comparative literature major.
Elective courses serve to broaden the students' perspective.
Elective courses supplement the preceding required components of the first and second year.
Elective courses total sixteen semester credits.
Elective courses vary according to each student's career interests.
All elective courses are open to students in both tracks.
All elective courses are to be chosen in consultation with the graduate advisor and committee.
All elective courses are to be non-remedial.
Many elective courses are also available in evening sessions in Medford.
Many elective courses are also available.
Many elective courses are available for both academically and non-academically oriented students.
Many elective courses have prerequisites.
Most elective courses are seminars.
Most elective courses have prerequisites.
Most elective courses meet once per week from six o'clock until nine o'clock in the evening.
Some elective courses are available in summer semester.
Some elective courses are available only in the daytime.
Some elective courses can earn credits.
Some elective courses have a limited enrollment.
Some elective courses have prerequisites other than basic-level courses.
Some elective courses require additional prerequisites.
Elective coursework completes the balance of required credits.
Elective coursework is selected with approval of the student's program of study committee.
Elective coursework provides a background in other basic biomedical sciences.
Elective credit allows students to tailor their own program of study to their particular interest.
Elective credit is acquired by completing workshops.
Elective credit is available for the training semester and two additional semesters of programming.
Elective credit is awarded to students who successfully complete each sign language course.
Elective credit is awarded upon successful completion of an academic component.
Elective credit is equivalent to the number of weeks worked unless otherwise indicated.
Elective credits allow students to tailor their programs to specific career interests.
Elective credits are applicable toward most majors.
Elective credits are applicable toward undergraduate degree requirements.
Elective credits are applicable towards undergraduate degree requirements.
Elective credits are exclusive of developmental studies.
Elective credits complement and enhance the program.
Elective cutting is one such alternative.
Elective experience is offered in biological or psychosocial research or mental retardation.
Elective experiences are available for residents who seek additional training in obstetrics.
Elective experiences can vary according to the interests of each resident.
Elective flexibility allows each resident to customize the program to suit individual interests.
Elective hours allow for specialization.
Elective hours are to be chosen in consultation with the adviser.
Elective hours complete the equation.
Elective hours permit the a focus on areas of particular interest and calling.
Elective hours provide for the advancement of knowledge and skills in individual areas of interest.
All elective instruction is subject to availability of faculty time.
Elective lessons provide one half-hour lesson per week and require one hour of daily preparation.
All elective modules are subject to constraints imposed by timetabling.
Some elective months are call-free.
Elective offerings are also available through other college and university departments.
Elective offerings focus on assessment, multiculturalism, inclusion as central themes of ed.
Elective officers are the president, vice-president, and secretary.
Elective officers are the president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer.
Elective officers are the president, vice-president, secretary, and treasurer.
Elective opportunities are available for senior residents.
Elective opportunities are available.
Elective opportunities exist in a variety of settings.
Elective opportunities permit personalization of the curriculum.
Elective opportunities vary throughout the academic year.
Elective options allow students to design programs to meet their educational goals.
Elective options encourage students to examine the various fields of communication.
Elective papers provide the opportunity to develop an applications subject.
Elective periods allow campers to customize their summer program.
Elective periods are four weeks in duration.
All elective positions are for a period of one year or until a successor is elected.
All elective positions have four-year terms elected on a nonpartisan basis.
Any elective procedure carries inherent risks.
Elective programs are available in anesthesiology, pathology and radiology.
Elective rotations are a balance of inpatient and outpatient experiences.
Elective rotations are also available for residents in other primary care training programs.
Elective rotations are available at advanced levels of training.
Elective rotations are available during the third year as well.
Elective rotations are available for qualified medical students.
Elective rotations are available in affiliated hospitals.
Elective rotations are available in many areas.
Elective rotations are available in nearly every medical specialty.
Elective rotations are available in the related areas of obstetric anesthesia and pain management.
Elective rotations are available on such services as renal medicine and anesthesia.
Elective rotations are available.
Elective selection is determined by the option track chosen.
Elective seminars tailor a program to meet individual needs and interests.
Some elective seminars meet once per week.
Elective space is limited and can be competitive during the late summer, fall, and early winter.
Elective students are responsible for providing their own health care and accommodation.
Elective students visit throughout the year.
Elective studies appears to be a desired trend among many churches today.
Elective study includes treating sexual offenders, substance abuse, and gerontological counseling.
Elective study is available to all students of the university, if faculty loads permit.
Elective subjects allow students to specialise in specific areas of multimedia design.
Elective subjects are subjects chosen by the student.
Elective subjects are subjects other than English, mathematics, science and social science.
Some elective subjects carry a small compulsory fee.
Some elective subjects serve as few as five students.
Elective surgery is another area where the waits are interminable.
Elective surgery is available also.
Elective surgery is postponed until the patient is ready.
Elective surgery is scheduled five days of the week.
Elective surgery takes place twice a week and emergencies can occur at any time.
Most elective surgery connotes a state of improved physical well being.
Elective terms are for two years.
Elective time is available each year, as are correlative conferences.
Elective time is available for radiology residents as part of the curriculum.
Elective time is available in the senior year.
Elective time is available to pursue one's interests or perceived weaknesses.
Elective time is available.
Elective time is often available, depending on the number of fellows available per year.
Elective time is provided annually.
Elective time is provided during the second year, and can be flexible.
Elective time is provided to allow the resident the ability to pursue particular areas of interest.
Elective time is provided to pursue personal interests or to address personal needs.
Elective time is spent in both the inpatient and outpatient settings.
Most elective time occurs in the third year of residency.
Some elective time is available to pursue a specific area of interest.
Elective training is provided in pediatric endocrinology and fertility-sterility.
Elective units are available subject to demand and resources.
Elective units are transferable toward elective category requirements.
Elective work is required to be paid in advance.
An elective is a course
Electives address the diverse issues facing the criminal justice system.
Electives address topics such as electronics, telecommunications, astronomy, and applied optics.
Electives afford students the flexibility to meet their individual needs.
Electives allow a student to choose an additional major or minor.
Electives allow a student to focus on individual areas of interest.
Electives allow for academic exploration and inquiry.
Electives allow for individualized flexibility, responsibility, contribution and growth.
Electives allow limited specialization.
Electives allow more detailed study of a particular subject.
Electives allow res opportunities in suburban and rural practice.
Electives allow students flexibility to gain additional knowledge in an area of interest.
Electives allow students to adapt the program to a specific area of vocational interest.
Electives allow students to develop an individual focus and specialization.
Electives allow students to develop specific areas of interest in special education.
Electives allow students to pursue an area of specific interest.
Electives allow students to select an area for specialization.
Electives allow students to study specific authors, genres, periods, and themes.
Electives allow students to tailor programs toward specific areas of interest.
Electives allow students to tailor the program to their individual interests.
Electives allow students to tailor their studies to their specific interests and career aspirations.
Electives allow the students to choose their own area of focus.
Electives also are available in entomology, veterinary science, plant pathology and cereal science.
Electives also complement the core requirements.
Electives are a means of obtaining upper division credit as are courses in the major.
Electives are advanced-level courses outside the core and concentration requirements.
Electives are also available in a range of academic fields.
Electives are also available in anesthesiology, internal medicine and medical specialties.
Electives are also available in sports medicine, gynecology, and pediatrics.
Electives are also available throughout the Midwest using our national affiliates.
Electives are any subject that the student chooses to take beyond the required courses.
Electives are available all thru the curriculum.
Electives are available at all levels to meet individual needs and interests.
Electives are available at any time during the resident program.
Electives are available at other sites.
Electives are available beginning in seventh grade.
Electives are available depending on the students' academic and professional goals.
Electives are available for specialized interests in heat, work, motion and energy conversion.
Electives are available in a range of subject areas linked to the built environment.
Electives are available in a wide variety of medical specialties and subspecialties.
Electives are available in adult and pediatric cardiology and cardiac surgery.
Electives are available in all of the pediatric subspecialties.
Electives are available in all pediatric subspecialties and in ambulatory care.
Electives are available in areas such as real estate finance, international finance and insurance.
Electives are available in both semesters.
Electives are available in both week and weeklong formats.
Electives are available in each of the subspecialties and primary care areas.
Electives are available in emergency medical services, toxicology and research.
Electives are available in family therapy, family counseling, and crisis intervention.
Electives are available in many areas.
Electives are available in rural sites.
Electives are available in the areas of family counselling, addiction and geriatric psychiatry.
Electives are available in virtually all specialty and subspecialty areas.
Electives are available on the campus and in a number of private settings.
Electives are available primarily in the social sciences and humanities.
Electives are available throughout the year on a first come, first serve basis.
Electives are available throughout the year.
Electives are available to all middle school students in vocal and instrumental music.
Electives are available to allow students to investigate areas of further interest.
Electives are available to complement the various areas of pharmacology.
Electives are available to fit the individual interest of the civil engineering student.
Electives are contingent upon advisor's approval.
Electives are course offerings for rounding out the subject area with a more tailored approach.
Electives are courses in the major or minor fields or other subjects that interest the student.
Electives are courses selected at a student's discretion.
Electives are courses selected by the student.
Electives are courses that are free choice.
Electives are dependent on available resources.
Electives are determined and approved in consultation with the academic adviser.
Electives are either species or subject based.
Electives are either technically or management based.
Electives are experiences that can be taken at any site.
Electives are field-specific and are selected from departments which complement the specific option.
Electives are for academic enrichment only, and no grades are given.
Electives are in climate models, climate variations, climate change, and atmospheric boundary layer.
Electives are of four types.
Electives are of four weeks duration unless otherwise indicated.
Electives are often available in the late afternoon or evening.
Electives are open to non-McGill medical students in their final year only.
Electives are relevant courses chosen from a wide selection.
Electives are research-based with the completion of a product or project as a goal.
Electives are self study.
Electives are subject to an advisor's approval.
Electives are subject to demand and availability.
Electives are to be chosen from courses in one of the alternative tracks.
Electives are to be chosen in consultation with a faculty member.
Electives are to be chosen with the guidance of the student's departmental advisor.
Electives are to be selected as for the master's degree.
Electives are to be selected in consultation with and approved by a chemistry major adviser.
Electives are to be selected in consultation with the minor advisor.
Electives are to come from the attached list.
Electives are to fulfill areas of concentration.
Electives can be from either or both of the two groups above.
Electives can include courses in geology, geography, meteorology, economics and political science.
Electives completed by directed study are available in any of the terms.
Electives cover management communications and public opinion research.
Electives cover subjects ranging from comparative health systems to quality measurement.
Electives Depends on the number of total science hours.
Electives emphasize individual career choices.
Electives enable participants to individualize their training to focus on their unique career goals.
Electives enable students to examine areas in greater depth.
Electives enable students to individualize their degree programs.
Electives enable students to pursue a variety of interests.
Electives enable students to pursue tourism issues of individual interest.
Electives enable the student to tailor the program toward specific areas of interest.
Electives encompass wide interests and needs.
Electives give flexibility and develop special areas of interest.
Electives give participants the opportunity to focus on specific topics of their choice.
Electives give the individual student needed content in areas of special interest.
Electives make up the balance of the twenty-three credits required for graduation.
Electives make up the rest of the required five units.
Electives meet every other week for one hour.
Electives offer both an opportunity for enrichment and interest exploration.
Electives offer students the chance to pursue areas of interest and enjoyment.
Electives permit a guided choice of special work in biology and related fields.
Electives permit adaptation of the program to the student's goals.
Electives permit flexibility and the development of areas of expertise.
Electives permit students to broaden knowledge in areas of career specialty or personal interest.
Electives permit students to design curricula best suited to their own career goals.
Electives permit students to pursue individual interests and to learn from other disciplines.
Electives permit the student to develop additional skills in particular areas of interest.
Electives pertaining to the student's chosen field of special interest are also available.
Electives provide a detailed and more profound view of the business world.
Electives provide a narrow focus that deepens the area of study.
Electives provide ample opportunity for students to further enhance their preparation.
Electives provide an effective way to satisfy the individual needs and interests of the students.
Electives provide an opportunity for medical students to pursue graduate studies.
Electives provide an opportunity to explore specialized counseling topics.
Electives provide breadth and depth of understanding in areas of student interest.
Electives provide breadth of experience in computer science and applications areas.
Electives provide flexibility and opportunities for additional depth or breadth in an area of study.
Electives provide instruction which support the specialty chosen.
Electives provide opportunities to pursue individual interests and to accomplish specific goals.
Electives provide students with an opportunity to pursue a second major or a minor.
Electives provide the opportunity to select course work that complements the students' career goals.
Electives range from three to five days in length.
Electives Read below for information on electives.
Electives require approval of both the student s advisor and the department s graduate committee.
Electives require approval of student's graduate committee or graduate program advisor.
Electives require the consent of the program and course director.
Electives require written advisor approval.
Electives round out the curriculum, allowing students to pursue areas of special interest.
Electives round out the two-year program.
Electives run subject to sufficient enrollment.
Electives See calendars of other faculties.
Electives Select two courses from one of the following tracks.
Electives strengthen the program according to the student's special interests.
Electives Supplementing the core training are three to six months of elective time.
Electives then provide in-depth examinations of how goods and services reach their destinations.
Electives then reinforce the student's area of expertise.
Electives typically make up the remaining one-third of course work.
Electives vary according to degree.
Electives vary each quarter.
Electives vary from semester to semester.
Electives sometimes are the only things that bring kids to school.
All electives are closely supervised and offer a range of clinical and didactic experiences.
All electives are courses for credit.
All electives are one semester.
All electives are subject to departmental approval.
All electives are subject to prior approval by the faculty.
All electives are subject to resource availability and student demand.
All electives are subject to the approval of an adviser.
All electives are to be selected in consultation with the approval of the advisor.
All electives are to be taken at the exact times that they are offered.
All electives focus on the process of communication in a particular context.
All electives provide both an inpatient and outpatient focus.
All electives require prior approval.
All electives require specific levels of language proficiency.
All electives run a minimum of four weeks.
Many electives are available and are selected with the advice and guidance of the student's advisor.
Many electives are available at late afternoon or evening times.
Many electives offer experience in both medicine and pediatrics.
Most electives are five-unit courses.
Most electives have prerequisites from the core sequence.
Some electives are also available by directed study.
Some electives are available at second year.
Some electives are now also studio courses.
Some electives are still to be determined.
Some electives are to be used to complete the required minor.
Some electives vary from semester to semester.
An elector is a citizen
Electors adopt a resolution authorizing transfer.
Electors also have a choice of casting both votes or only one.
Electors approve resolution at annual town meeting.
Electors are far more complex and savvy than that.
Electors are free to vote for any candidate they choose.
Electors are generally free to vote however they wish in many states.
Electors are generally loyal party supporters.
Electors are princes.
Electors are reasonably sophisticated at working out what level of government to blame for issues.
Electors are state representatives and senators, mayors and other local officials.
Electors can also check their enrolment details on line by visiting the website.
Electors can also update their enrolment details online at the site.
Electors give mandates to their deputies.
Electors give mandates to their Deputies.
Electors have only one vote.
Electors have some discretion in who they vote for in New Hampshire.
Electors know when someone is trying to buy their vote.
Electors meet in their states and cast votes for the next president of the United States.
Electors vote for entire party lists or individuals.
Electors vote separately for the two offices.
All electors have a registration card with their photograph.
All electors rank all the candidates in order of preference.
All electors receive a poll card giving details of the voting arrangements.
Electoral administrators can direct enquirers to the document for their information.
Electoral areas vary greatly in terms of geographical characteristics.
Most electoral areas have five or six seats.
Electoral bodies ensure independent and transparent elections.
Electoral calendar is based on local and state constitutions.
Electoral challenge is long overdue.
Electoral competition accounts for the other half.
Electoral concern is an obvious factor.
Electoral democracy can be very vulnerable to populist demagoguery.
Electoral democracy is established at every level.
Electoral fraud is manifest, the opposition is under siege and government institutions are closed.
Electoral fraud threatens the very fabric of democracy.
Electoral indices say so.
Many electoral laws provide for assistance to be given to the voter.
Electoral managers love forms.
Every electoral manager faces the same problems in recruiting temporary staff.
Electoral news is also bleak.
Every electoral period is always difficult, emotional.
Electoral procedure is unchanged, but the significance of the presidential electors has changed.
Electoral process is open, transparent and complies with the democratic standards.
Electoral processes involve more than just the technology being used.
Electoral prognostication has a shaky track record over the past two decades.
Electoral reform appears to have many good tunes.
Electoral reform is a prerequisite of any durable settlement on the European issue.
Electoral reform is another story.
Electoral reform is expensive.
Electoral reform is imperative, but that comes after.
Electoral reform is needed desperately.
Electoral reform is one of the topics.
Electoral reform is such an important issue that it deserves presidential attention.
Electoral reform is the policy of the weak.
Electoral reform is therefore necessary to improve the situation.
Electoral reform is urgent.
Electoral rolls are a way of locating living people.
Electoral strength comes and goes.
Electoral supervision is by central government civil servants.
Electoral support is weakest in metropolitan centres with multicultural populations.
An electoral system is a legal system
Electoral system is based on the British pattern.
Electoral systems are the 'glue' that binds governments, elected members and voters.
Electoral systems have an impact on the party system and the durability of government.
Many electoral systems rely on proportional representation .
Some electoral systems identify staff specifically to investigate problems and resolve conflicts.
Electoral turnout is down in almost all established democracies.
Electoral victory determines the apportioning of various spoils.
Electoral votes are our way of balancing out the level of power between states.
Electoral votes tell who is the most elected.
An electorate is a people
Electorates are volatile and prone to excess.
Every electorate has roughly the same number of people in it.
Electret microphones are the most popular for aviation use.
Electret microphones needs some power to operate.
Electric action is well suited to such simple tunes.
Electric actuators move reel fore and aft.
Electric assist tends to be heavier for the power output but reasonable systems can be built.
Electric augers are big with a lot of cable.
An electric automobile is a car
Electric automobiles are another application.
Electric base hotplate with thermostat, and thermometer to monitor temperature.
Electric baseboards provide heat in the office areas.
Electric baseboards rely on passive convection to distribute heated air to the space.
Electric bass has frequency ranges.
Electric bass has ranges.
Electric bass is really the bottom four strings of a guitar an octave lower.
Electric bass remains undistorted with a sharp attack to each and every note.
Electric basses have a fairly standard spacing when they have four strings.
Most electric bass has frequency ranges.
Most electric bass has ranges.
Electric battens have no internal extensions.
An electric battery is an electrical device
Electric batteries supply power underwater.
Some electric bells work on principles.
Electric bicycles are light and go fairly slowly, so regenerative brakes achieve little.
Electric bicycles are the first affordable electric vehicles.
Electric bicycles can go farther and faster than conventional bicycles.
Electric bicycles decentralize power away from corporations and toward individuals.
Electric bicycles have small electric motors that assist pedaling by the rider.
Electric bikes are immune to traffic jams.
Electric bikes are just regular bikes with an electric motor on the back wheel.
Electric bikes are simple to maintain and repair.
Electric bikes have several advantages over patrol cars.
Electric bikes have the potential to be very successful exercise machines for a simple reason.
All electric bikes allow pedaling and many require pedaling.
Electric bilge pumps kits can be expensive, difficult to install and often fail.
An electric bill is a bill
Electric bills are bills.
Electric bills are located in mail boxs.
Electric bills are located in mail.
Electric bills are of concern.
Electric bills are shocking.
Electric bills vary from family to family and season to season.
All electric bills are different.
All electric bills are due and payable upon receipt.
All electric bills are payable when rendered.
All electric bills are to be paid with ten days of receipt.
An electric blanket is a blanket
Electric blankets are a common fire hazard.
Electric blankets are a hugh source of wasted energy.
Electric blankets are available upon request.
Electric blankets are available.
Electric blankets are blankets.
Electric blankets are electrical devices.
Electric blankets are heated by electricity .
Electric blankets are heated by electricity.
Electric blankets are located in bedrooms.
Electric blankets are located in closets.
Electric blankets are located in houses.
Electric blankets are on all beds.
Electric blankets are used for warmth.
Electric blankets can result in dry, scaly, itchy legs.
Electric blankets cause a surprising number of fires every year.
Electric blankets cause many fires.
Electric blankets have cord.
Electric blankets produce a low-level electromagnetic field.
Electric blowers are expensive, heavy and noisy.
Electric blowers are the lightest and quietest of blowers available.
Electric blue accelerates the recognition and clearing of fear.
Electric blue darning needles flit from foothold to foothold.
Electric boat hook up.
Electric boat lift under boat house stays.
Electric boat motors only on Lily Lake.
Electric boats are also less expensive to operate and maintain in most cases.
Most electric boats use lead acid batteries as a source of stored electrical energy.
Electric brakes require analyses.
Electric brakes use mechanical methods.
Electric brakes use methods.
Electric brakes work well with antilock brake and stability control systems.
Most electric brakes require analyses.
Most electric brakes use mechanical methods.
Most electric brakes use methods.
Electric brooms are effective on hard floors.
Electric brooms come in a variety of colors, shapes and sizes.
Some electric brushes rotate back and forth while others rotate in a circular motion.
Electric burners use electricity.
Electric burners use less electricity.
Most electric burners use electricity.
Most electric burners use less electricity.
Electric buses are free to ride.
Electric buses are much better than diesel.
Electric buses can restore trolley lines to our neighborhoods.
Electric buses ferry people around town.
Electric cable works products and complete product catalogue.
Electric cables are an accident just waiting to happen to a hamster.
Electric cables create a magnetic field.
All electric cables enter through a patented sealing gland.
Some electric cables contain neutral wire.
Some electric cables contain wire.
Electric caps are RF sensitive and require lengthy firing wire.
Electric capstans are usually of the re-versible type.
An electric car is a car
Electric car is tech exec's political vehicle.
Electric cars are a great idea aside from the environmental issues.
Electric cars are available for any one with the vision or desire to own one.
Electric cars are cars.
Electric cars are easier to use, cleaner and cheaper than their gas counterparts.
Electric cars are independent of the technique used to create the power.
Electric cars are one of the favorite weapons in the regulatory war against urban air pollution.
Electric cars are one such provision.
Electric cars are perhaps the most alluring prospect of the second transportation revolution.
Electric cars are significantly quieter than conventional internal combustion engine automobiles.
Electric cars are tantalizingly close, but still in the future.
Electric cars are the latest in environmentally friendly transportation.
Electric cars are the solution to air pollution.
Electric cars are too expensive.
Electric cars are usually easier for beginner and are definitely less messy.
Electric cars can now go longer distances, and the cost of buying one is coming down.
Electric cars do exist.
Electric cars driven by fusion are the popular choice for sustaining such a dream.
Electric cars glean power from banks of batteries.
Electric cars go a little way, and then they re useless until re-charged.
Electric cars has best efficiency from power in to power on the road.
Electric cars have big batteries instead of engines.
Electric cars have no tailpipe emissions.
Electric cars have power.
Electric cars have the advantage of much lower emissions than conventional vehicles.
Electric cars have the same issues.
Electric cars lack that low powerful barky sound that old cars have.
Electric cars provide a third example of challenges associated with energy decisions.
Electric cars run on electricity alone, so they are zero emission vehicles.
Electric cars run without burning gasoline, and therefore, produce no exhaust pollution.
Many electric cars use a lithium-ion battery and an electric motor which uses rare earth elements .
Most electric cars have power.
Some electric cars do have an unusual appearance for a number of reasons.
Electric cart is included with greens fee.
Electric cart is included.
Electric carts are available for a fee.
Electric carts are available for a nominal charge.
Electric carts are available so physically challenged persons can enjoy the trails.
Electric carts are available so that physically challenged persons can access the trails.
Electric carts are available.
Electric carts are required at all courses.
Electric catfish appear in freshwater systems in tropical Africa.
Some electric catfishes produce electricity.
An electric chair is an instrument
Electric chairs are what some of our states use to execute people.
Electric characters can also delete newlines automatically when the auto-newline feature is enabled.
Electric charge builds up whenever two materials are separated.
Electric charge flows up the channel behind the wave front and produces a ground level current.
Electric charge gives rise to another force, called the electromagnetic force.
Electric charge is a component of atoms.
Electric charge is a fundamental property of matter and is borne by elementary particles.
Electric charge is a fundamental property of matter.
Electric charge is also quantized.
Electric charge is an electrical phenomenon
Electric charge is an intrinsic property of the fundamental particles that make up matter.
Electric charge is both negative and positive.
Electric charge is generated during the melting and freezing process.
Electric charge is quantized.
Electric charge passes from metal to metal.
Electric charge produces forces.
Electric charge produces magnetic forces.
Electric charge reflects light.
Electric charge uses energy.
Electric charges are additional.
Electric charges are nothing but relative direction of electric fields.
Electric charges are the only points of origin for waves.
Electric charges can be stationary, as in static electricity, or moving, as in an electric current.
Electric charges create the image on an electrophotographic surface that works as a plate.
Electric charges feel a force when they move through a magnetic field.
Electric charges lose energy as they flow through the filament of a light bulb.
Most electric charge produces forces.
Most electric charge produces magnetic forces.
Most electric charge uses energy.
Some electric charge has alternate paths.
Some electric charge has electric fields.
Some electric charge has fields.
Some electric charge has paths.
Some electric charge is generated by crystal.
Electric choice can offer several benefits to consumers.
Electric choice is intended to bring competition to part of the electric utility industry.
Electric choice is now available to most Maryland consumers.
An electric circuit is an electrical device
Electric circuit keep the shortage.
Electric circuits abound in today's world.
Electric circuits are designed to serve a useful function.
Electric circuits are present in several applications.
Electric circuits are used to distribute energy quickly and conveniently to distant locations.
Electric circuits are what make the heart beat but too many circuit make it beat wildly.
Electric circuits behave in the same way.
Electric circuits can be series or parallel.
Electric circuits can contain parts such as switches, transformers, resistors and transformers.
Electric circuits contain currents that flow in agreement with particular laws.
Electric circuits convert electrical energy.
Electric circuits convert energy.
Electric circuits have bulbs.
Electric circuits have paths.
Electric circuits involve motors.
Every electric circuit requires a connection to a power source and a return to the power source.
Most electric circuits convert electrical energy.
Most electric circuits convert energy.
Most electric circuits have bulbs.
Most electric circuits have paths.
Most electric circuits involve motors.
Most electric circuits use a combination of series and parallel arrangements.
Some electric circuits consist of batteries.
Electric circuitry confers a mythic dimension on our ordinary individual and group actions.
Electric circuitry is controlled from the engine room via a modern BS circuit breaker switchboard.
An electric clock is a clock
Electric clocks ring the equator, giving comparative times around the world.
Electric clutch offers immediate response and positive control of reversing gearbox.
Electric coils are the most common and inexpensive of the electric heating elements.
Electric commerce is an essential element for most modern businesses.
An electric company is an utility
Electric companies are a free and easy resource to learn about competition.
Electric companies are public utilities.
Electric companies collect the money, but make no profit from the new charge.
Electric companies offer a variety of rate structures that are suited to particular situations.
Electric companies use devices.
Electric companies use patents.
Electric companies use sags to cope with extraordinary power demands.
Most electric companies use devices.
Most electric companies use patents.
Some electric companies ask meteorologists.
Some electric companies get another chance to file for a rate increase before caps take effect.
Electric competition is a jobs issue too.
Electric competition is in the best interest of Pennsylvania.
Electric competition is scheduled to open here next year.
Electric components can overheat and cause fires.
All electric components arrive factory-installed.
Electric compressors tend to have marginal capacity.
Electric connection is simplified by incorporating a foolproof plug in the adapter plate.
All electric consumption is metered by building.
Electric cooking provides low even heat.
Electric cooperatives are nonprofit, independent, free enterprise businesses.
Electric cooperatives are organizations with a strong past and bright future.
Electric cooperatives are private, independent utility businesses owned by the consumers they serve.
Electric cooperatives are significantly different in ownership structure and purpose.
Electric cooperatives comprise a unique component of the industry.
Electric cooperatives focus on providing members the highest level of service possible.
Electric cooperatives furnish electric power and deliver it to the members.
Electric cooperatives help each other out.
Electric cooperatives support initiatives that place reliability first.
Electric cord is a conductor
Electric cords are the responsibility of the exhibitor.
Electric crews respond immediately to after hour calls.
Electric current affects fields.
Electric current affects magnetic fields.
Electric current appears in the connecting wires.
Electric current builds up a charge in the wire containing it.
Electric current can be either direct or alternating.
Electric current can run through water - beware.
Electric current creates fields.
Electric current creates magnetic fields.
Electric current facilitates the passage of the target sequence through the capture layer.
Electric current flowing in a wire creates a magnetic field around it.
Electric current is a flow of charge.
Electric current is able to affect more than just skeletal muscles in a shock victim, however.
Electric current is actually the flow of electric charges around the circuit.
Electric current is actually the flow of incredibly tiny particles called electrons.
Electric current is an electrical phenomenon
Electric current is applied, causing the protein samples to be drawn into the gel matrix.
Electric current is defined as the amount of charged passed divided by time.
Electric current is defined in terms of the flow of charges.
Electric current is driven through the coil, creating an electromagnetic field.
Electric current is generated when chemicals react with each other.
Electric current is like a flow of syrup.
Electric current is measured using a device called an ammeter .
Electric current is perceived as flowing in the opposite direction that the electrons are flowing .
Electric current is perceived as flowing in the opposite direction that the electrons are flowing.
Electric current is run through the cell for less than one hour.
Electric current is supplied by a variable transformer, through heavy electrical leads.
Electric current is the flow of charge through a conductor .
Electric current is the flow of charged particles.
Electric current is the flow of charges through a metal wire or through an electrical conductor.
Electric current is the flow of electrons or charge.
Electric current is the flow of electrons through a conductor.
Electric current is the movement of charge- movement of electrons.
Electric current is the movement of electrons from one atom to another in a conductor.
Electric current is the rate at which electric charge flows past a point on the electric circuit.
Electric current is the rate at which electric charges move through an area.
Electric current is the rate that charge flows in a circuit.
Electric current is the rate that charge moves through a circuit.
Electric current is the same as in the states.
Electric current is used to create a longitudinal magnetic field in a piece of magnetic material.
Electric current is used to create or induce magnetic fields in magnetic materials.
Electric current is used to separate the alumina into aluminum and oxygen.
Electric current is when electric charge flows.
Electric current makes tiny holes in a plasma membrane through which genetic material enters.
Electric current moving through a circuit consists of flowing electrons .
Electric current passing through a coil of wire generates a magnetic field.
Electric current produces a magnetic field .
Electric current produces fields.
Electric current produces magnetic fields.
Electric current takes a similar path.
Electric current traveling through the ground wire accelerates the corrosion of lead in the pipes.
Electric currents flowing through liquid electrolytes have several different effects.
Electric currents flowing through wire can also cause magnetic fields.
Electric currents originating in such way apparently give auroral electrons their energy.
Electric currents produce magnetic fields .
Electric currents produce magnetic fields and build a simple electromagnet.
Electric currents produce magnetic forces upon other electric currents.
Electric currents produces magnetic fields.
Electric currents release free energy of the magnetic field.
Electric currents rely on the movement of electrons.
Any electric current produces a magnetic effect.
Some electric current can travel through air.
Some electric current is created by movement.
Some electric current is generated by contraction.
Electric customers can choose to purchase electricity from renewable resources.
Any electric customer can take advantage of direct access service.
Electric delay sparks protest .
Electric demand is created by the use of electric technologies.
Electric demand is expressed in kilowatts.
Electric deregulation is a bad idea whose time has come.
Electric deregulation is a complex subject.
Electric door chimes.
Electric door openers for front and unit doors.
Electric door strikes, CCD cameras and other accessories.
Electric door switch with automatic closing mechanism.
Electric doors carry enough voltage to stun and disable an intruder.
Every electric doorbell contains an electromagnet as do our telephones and telegraphs.
An electric drill is a power drill
Electric drills are a common household tool.
Electric drills are one of the more versatile tools available.
Electric drive severs the connection between prime mover and propeller.
An electric eel is a bony fish
Electric eels absorb oxygen through their mouths, which are rich in veins and arteries.
Electric eels absorb oxygen.
Electric eels are eels.
Electric eels are extremely common throughout their range.
Electric eels are fish capabale of generating an electrical field .
Electric eels are fish capabale of generating an electrical field.
Electric eels are fish capable of generating an electrical field.
Electric eels are fish.
Electric eels are freshwater fish.
Electric eels can fatally electrocute a horse.
Electric eels generate enough voltage to give a serious shock.
Electric eels have a defense that no non-human predator can circumvent.
Electric eels have gills.
Electric eels have organs.
Electric eels have respiratory organs.
Electric eels live in dark water.
Electric eels live in muddy water.
Electric eels live in muddy waters.
Electric eels live in water.
Electric eels produce two kinds of electric discharges.
Electric eels tend to live in muddy beds in calm water, eating fish and small mammals.
Electric eels tend to live in murky, muddy waters and usually live with poor eyesight.
Electric eels use their charge for defense and feeding purposes.
Electric eels work like batteries.
Most electric eels absorb oxygen.
Most electric eels have gills.
Most electric eels have organs.
Most electric eels have respiratory organs.
Most electric eels live in dark water.
Most electric eels live in muddy water.
Most electric eels live in water.
Some electric eels have electricity.
Some electric eels have senses.
Some electric eels produce voltage.
Electric energy can move in certain directions creating an electric current.
Electric energy is combined with a chemical to form a reaction of reverse plating.
Electric energy is measured in kilowatt hours , or kwh .
Electric energy is stored in batteries.
Electric energy is the ability to do work by means of electric devices.
Electric energy is underpriced and taken for granted.
Electric energy is wasted, bad street illumination is clearly visible even from space satellites.
Electric energy measures in joules.
Electric energy plays a vital role in our lives.
Electric energy poses a problem.
Electric energy produces heat.
Electric energy travels in a closed circuit to light a bulb.
Most electric energy produces heat.
Electric equipment is available for experienced fencers.
Electric equipment is cleaner than equipment powered by gasoline engines .
Electric equipment is cleaner than equipment powered by gasoline engines.
Electric equipment is often easier to use and maintain, uses less energy, and operates more quietly.
Electric equipment is required for all competitions unless otherwise noted in the schedule.
Electric equipment is used to register the hits ever since the thirties. .
An electric eye is a sensor
An electric eye is a transducer
Electric eyes can also measure amounts of light.
An electric fan is a fan
Electric fans are fans.
Electric fans are located in closets.
Electric fans are located in computers.
Electric fans are located in hardware stores.
Electric fans are located in homes.
Electric fans are located in offices.
Electric fans are out of children's reach.
Electric fans are used for cooling.
Electric fans can help draw air into the system and direct it to the outside.
Electric fans can use less energy than air conditioning units and offer air circulation and cooling.
Electric fans hang from the dark wood and tile ceilings.
Electric fans supply air and circulate heat.
Any electric fan is permitted for cooling the engine or engine oil.
Electric fence can also serve to deter squirrels.
Electric fence sounds like a great idea.
Electric fences are a common source of interference.
Electric fences are animportant part of livestock grazing management.
Electric fences are designed to create an electrical circuit when touched by a person or animal.
Electric fences are fences.
Electric fences are much cheaper and easier to build than permanent fences.
Electric fences are sometimes difficult to ground.
Electric fences are useful for controlling the movements of wild animals.
Electric fences can also be an effective solution when put up properly.
Electric fences can also be effective.
Electric fences can also keep coyotes out of an enclosed area.
Electric fences can be very useful for keeping deer out of yards, fields, or gardens.
Electric fences create barriers.
Electric fences create physical barriers.
Electric fences give pigs a shock.
Electric fences provide an additional obstacle for predators.
Electric fences provide cross fences at a reasonable price.
Electric fences reduce mammalian predation on piping plover nests and chicks.
Electric fences scare off the predators, but they often kill birds.
Electric fences work very well but training is required.
Most electric fences create barriers.
Most electric fences create physical barriers.
Some electric fences consist of wire.
Some electric fences provide alternatives.
Some electric fences provide safe alternatives.
An electric field is a field
Electric field is a vector quantity.
Electric field is a vector, i.e. it has both magnitude and direction.
Electric field is denser at uneven areas- cylinder ends, closures around cathode surface.
Electric field is force per unit charge.
Electric field pulses induce reversible shape transformation of human erythrocytes.
Electric field thresholds for air breakdown mechanisms.
Electric fields are a lot like magnetism.
Electric fields are an alternative.
Electric fields are easy to reduce.
Electric fields are fields.
Electric fields are important in theortical modelling.
Electric fields are less dangerous.
Electric fields are present even when equipment is turned off, as long as it is plugged in.
Electric fields are present whenever there is power on a conductor.
Electric fields are strongest close the device and diminish with distance.
Electric fields are used in numerous ways by animals.
Electric fields are vector fields.
Electric fields are widespread around charges and extend out into the spaces around the charges.
Electric fields arise from electric charges.
Electric fields become even more interesting when they penetrate materials, such as metal wires.
Electric fields can also induce a dipole moment.
Electric fields can be tricky things to understand.
Electric fields come from charges.
Electric fields create heat.
Electric fields create voltages in the circuits they strike.
Electric fields decay with distance similarly to magnetic fields.
Electric fields draw the ants.
Electric fields emanate from unshielded power lines, wires, equipment, and appliances.
Electric fields exert force on electric charges.
Electric fields exist around any object having an imbalance of electric charge.
Electric fields exist in the vicinity of charged objects.
Electric fields go away from positive charges and toward negative charges.
Electric fields have a positive and a negative.
Electric fields occur whenever a voltage difference occurs.
Electric fields speed up the particles which strike a target.
Most electric fields create heat.
Some electric fields create voltage.
Some electric fields exert forces.
Some electric fields provide forces.
Some electric fields surround clouds.
Electric fireplaces offer an efficient, clean alternative to wood-burning fireplaces.
Electric Fish Find out how fish use electricity for navigation.
Electric fish generate weak electric fields as communication signals.
Some electric fish live in the ocean and some live in freshwater rivers of South America and Africa.
Electric flux is a measure of the number of electric field lines passing through an area.
Electric force is seen as the interaction among peaks and troughs.
Electric force is stronger than gravitational force.
Electric forces accelerate particles.
Electric forces affect the charged particles and charged fluid in a self-consistent manner.
Electric forces are produced by electric charges either at rest or in motion .
Electric forces are produced by electric charges either at rest or in motion.
Electric forces are small.
Electric forces can be either attractive or repulsive.
Electric forces cause it to move.
Electric forklifts are relatively quiet and have no fumes.
Electric generation continues to generate as they can pass through their gas costs up to some point.
Electric generation is available today for competitive sale.
Electric generation is the industry to see new growth.
Electric generation occurs at power plants powered by various energy sources.
Electric generation uses about a third of the total natural gas consumed in California.
Electric generators are a major source of NOx emissions.
Electric generators are a significant gas user.
Electric generators are powered through steam, water or air.
Electric generators convert energy.
Electric generators convert mechanical energy into electric energy.
Electric generators convert mechanical energy.
Electric generators face severe scarcities of fuel and spare parts.
Electric generators make electricity.
Electric generators produce electricity.
Electric generators transform energy.
Electric generators transform mechanical energy.
Most electric generators convert energy.
Most electric generators convert mechanical energy.
Most electric generators make electricity.
Most electric generators produce electricity.
Most electric generators transform energy.
Most electric generators transform mechanical energy.
Electric grids use technology.
Most electric grids use technology.
Electric griddles use a thinner steel plate than gas models.
Electric grills are particularly inefficient.
Electric grills cook a variety of foods without all the hassle of heavy tanks or charcoal bags.
An electric guitar is a guitar
Electric guitar punctures acoustic strummings on the title track creating a jagged rock sound.
Electric guitar sounds leave to be desired.
Electric guitars are fine like that.
Electric guitars are guitars.
Electric guitars come in infinate varieties.
Electric guitars consist of neck.
Electric guitars have important solos and represent an amplified extension of the African harp.
Electric guitars pass the strings thru the tailpiece or tremelo block and over the bridge.
Electric guitars produce the metallic taste of progressive rock.
Electric guitars use pickups to convert motion energy into electrical energy.
All electric guitars have an adjustable metal truss rod that runs down the center of the neck.
Most electric guitars have bolt-on necks and can easily be fixed by a guitar technician.
Most electric guitars provide individual string length adjustment for setting intonation.
Electric guitarists are the biggest gearheads for obvious reasons.
Most electric heads have impeller or centrifugal pumps.
Electric heat boils water and the resulting steam, under pressure, does mechanical work.
Electric heat is convenient, quiet and controllable in each room, but it's expensive.
Electric heat is generally more expensive, but very convenient to control automatically.
Electric heat is normally the highest user of electricity in the home.
Electric heat is the most expensive.
Electric heat is versatile.
Electric heat is virtually maintenance free.
Electric heat provides year round enjoyment.
Electric heat pumps, central air conditioners and advanced natural gas water heaters.
Electric heat takes longer to heat and in most places is the most expensive fuel source.
An electric heater is a space heater
Electric heaters are electrical devices.
Electric heaters are good as well.
Electric heaters are more efficient than gas units, but take longer to heat water.
Electric heaters are notorious for heating there cords and plugs.
Electric heaters are space heaters.
Electric heaters are very high users of electricity.
Electric heaters have tip-over switch . . .
Electric heaters live like kings.
Electric heaters located inside the chamber provide heat.
Electric heaters Use a ground-fault circuit interrupter with electric heaters in a bathroom.
Electric heaters warm other parts of the house and all beds have electric blankets.
Electric heating can also lead to dry nasal cavities.
Electric heating is more efficient than fuel-based heating.
Electric heating is really the only safe method.
Electric hoists are suitable for one or two lifts per minute.
All electric home means no dust currents blowing around.
Electric hookups are available.
Electric hybrids look especially promising.
Electric irons are more robust and many do work, especially the later thermostat types.
Electric juicers are available too.
Electric kettles are cheaper than using electric stoves for boiling water.
Electric kettles boil water very quickly.
Electric kettles contain elements.
Electric kettles contain heat elements.
Electric kettles have elements.
Most electric kettles contain elements.
Most electric kettles contain heat elements.
Most electric kettles have elements.
Some electric kettles have advantage.
Some electric kettles sit on counters.
Some electric kettles use electric power.
Some electric kettles use power.
Electric keyboards introduce the track with flute blowing through like a fresh breeze.
Electric kilns are naturally hotter at the top.
Most electric kilns have grooves routed in the firebrick for the elements to lay in.
An electric lamp is a lamp
Electric lamp hangs from ceiling.
Electric lamps are furniture.
Electric lamps are lamps.
Electric lamps are light fixtures.
Electric lamps illuminate the interior of the instrument when playing.
Electric lamps produce light by means of electric energy.
Electric lamps produce light.
Electric lamps produce more and better light than the earlier lamps.
Electric lamps shed bright light on the yard of On s house.
Most electric lamps produce light.
Electric library is available off-campus to Iowa residents only.
Electric light is an electric lamp
Electric light is provided.
Electric lights are on all the time, inside the houses and out on the streets.
Electric lights are supposedly to guide the gods to the popcorn strings.
Electric lights fail, too much humidity.
Electric lights work well instead of candles.
Any electric light comes from a jerry-rigged system attached to a car battery.
Electric lighting consumes a large portion of electricity in commercial buildings.
Electric lighting is increasingly common nowadays, but modern theatrical equipment is still rare.
Electric lighting is installed and a new city hall is built.
Electric lighting is located in grocery stores.
Electric lighting provides an optimum day length throughout the year.
Electric lines can cause fire.
An electric locomotive is an engine
Electric locomotives Get electricity from overhead wires or a third rail near the ground.
Electric machines are more expensive than hydraulic machines.
Electric machines are the muscle of modern civilization.
Electric machines are the study of electric motors and electric generators.
Electric machines tend to be more consistent.
An electric meter is a meter
Electric meters are generally outside.
Electric meters are meters.
Most electric meters are clockface, which means they use clockfaces instead of actual numbers.
Most electric meters have four or five dials.
Electric models are easier on the ears and the lightest in weight.
Electric models can fly anytime.
Electric models use a high-temperature heating element as the radiant energy source.
Electric models use small motors, powered by battery cells.
Electric motion is the sleeping giant of electrical applications.
An electric motor is a motor
Electric motor draws on battery pack to propel the vehicle.
Electric motors allow engineers to design the ship with all-electric equipment.
Electric motors are a good example of a pervasive technology.
Electric motors are also available.
Electric motors are an important, and even vital, part of our world today.
Electric motors are devices that turn electrical energy into mechanical energy.
Electric motors are electrical devices.
Electric motors are engines.
Electric motors are enviromentally friendly.
Electric motors are motors.
Electric motors are outboards.
Electric motors are part of electric fans.
Electric motors are part of electric toothbrushs.
Electric motors are part of trolleybuses.
Electric motors are relatively effficient and reliable.
Electric motors are reliable, produce no emissions, and reduce maintenance and compliance costs.
Electric motors are the only engines permitted in the lake.
Electric motors are used to supply the necessary energy to drive the fan.
Electric motors consume about half of all electricity generated in Canada.
Electric motors convert electrical energy into mechanical energy.
Electric motors convert electrical energy.
Electric motors convert energy.
Electric motors convert virtually all of their fuel energy into usable power.
Electric motors cost more than the transmissions that accompany internal-combustion engines.
Electric motors give electric cars instant torque, creating strong and smooth acceleration.
Electric motors have full torgue available at a wider RPM range than internal combustion engines.
Electric motors have long life spans and maintain power output levels year after year.
Electric motors have very flat torque curves down to zero speed.
Electric motors make many things possible.
Electric motors offer almost continuous torque even at lower speeds.
Electric motors offer excellent torque at start-up.
Electric motors provide excellant torque.
Electric motors raise the water filled tanks and boats from the river to the canal fifty feet above.
Electric motors react very rapidly to torque requirements.
Electric motors require lubrication of oil.
Electric motors spin blades.
Electric motors spin fan blades.
Electric motors store energy.
Electric motors transform electrical energy.
Electric motors transform energy.
Electric motors use circuits.
Electric motors use current to set up two magnetic fields.
Electric motors use electricity.
Electric motors use forces.
Electric motors use more than half of all electricity.
Electric motors used in EVs have only one main moving part.
Electric motors using brushes can generate ozone from repeated sparking inside the unit.
All electric motors are machines that depend on magnetism.
All electric motors use electromagnets .
All electric motors work off magnetism.
Most electric motors convert electrical energy.
Most electric motors convert energy.
Most electric motors draw up to three times their rated current when starting.
Most electric motors have a lagging power factor.
Most electric motors transform electrical energy.
Most electric motors transform energy.
Most electric motors use circuits.
Most electric motors use electricity.
Most electric motors use forces.
Some electric motors are powered by batteries.
Some electric motors are powered by generators.
Some electric motors work on principles.
Electric mowers are environmentally friendly.
Electric mowers are more energy-efficient.
Electric mowers save money on gas and oil as well as reduce air pollution.
Most electric mowers have rechargeable batteries so there is no danger of cords.
Electric network can go over the border, such as the town, city, and prefecture.
Electric operation is available on special rails.
Electric organs are highly specialized in their function.
Some electric organs are near tails.
Some electric organs locate on sides.
An electric outlet is a receptacle
Electric outlets are a favorite place for a child to stick their fingers.
Electric outlets are accessible in all buildings and outdoor areas.
Electric outlets are available for laptop computers.
Electric outlets are available in each tent.
Electric outlets are available.
Some electric outlets have prongs.
Electric ovens are often larger than comparable gas ovens, and broil meats more evenly.
Electric ovens are the more preferred cooking system.
Electric ovens are wonderful too.
Some electric ovens get that warm if the oven light bulb isleft on overnight.
Some electric ovens have reputations.
Electric pads can cause serious burns, even at low settings.
Electric paddlewheels provide aeration.
Electric panels can reduce energy costs if panels are left turned off in empty rooms .
Electric panels can reduce energy costs if panels are left turned off in empty rooms.
Electric panels have electricity as their sole utility.
Electric paper holds promise as a substitute.
Electric paper provides ordinary people with exraordinary e-learning solutions.
Electric parts are available from various sources.
Electric pencils are available at community centres.
Electric people have a lot of experience dealing with outages.
Electric pianos are passable, brass sections kind of boring.
Electric pianos use electromagnetic pickups to amplify the sound of the strings.
Electric plants are like the railroads.
Many electric plants use date-sensitive software to monitor and control the flow of power.
Some electric plants use fossil fuel.
Some electric plants use fuel.
Electric play is advanced play.
Electric potential energy measures in joules.
Electric potential is a measure of the potential energy per unit charge.
Electric potential is a scalar quantity.
Electric potential is a scalar.
Electric potential is an electrical phenomenon
Electric potential is defined as the amount of potential energy present per unit of charge.
Electric potential is like a push .
Electric potential is like a push.
Electric potential is similar to gravitational potential.
Electric potential is the amount of potential energy per unit of charge.
Electric potential is the measure of compression at any one point in the universe.
Electric potential is the potential energy per charge.
Electric power comes from central station -either fossil, nuclear, wind, or water powered.
Electric power drives many trains and subway systems.
Electric power faces more complex organisational restructuring and tariff reforms.
Electric power fails constantly in the capital.
Electric power generating facilities outside of Oregon meet much of Oregon's demand for electricity.
Electric power generating plant operators control the machinery that generates electricity.
Electric power has yet to make a significant impact on cruising yachts.
Electric power is a major component of our budget each year.
Electric power is available.
Electric power is considered clean power.
Electric power is derived from solar and nuclear sources.
Electric power is easier on the environment than gas.
Electric power is essential to modern life.
Electric power is found by multiplying voltage by the current.
Electric power is generated and distributed within most vehicles.
Electric power is generated by batteries or electric generators.
Electric power is generated by central power stations or by distributed generation .
Electric power is introduced with the addition of dynamos on site.
Electric power is measured in units called watts.
Electric power is measured in watts, like gasoline is measured in gallons.
Electric power is measured in watts.
Electric power is needed only when weather conditions require heating of the product tanks.
Electric power is OK too.
Electric power is one of our nation's greatest assets.
Electric power is power
Electric power is produced in thermoelectric generators located at the bottom of the reactor.
Electric power is provided by the Imperial Irrigation District .
Electric power is provided by the on board generator or from external source.
Electric power is provided to industry at competitive costs.
Electric power is ready to use at the flip of a switch.
Electric power is reliable in the major cities.
Electric power is required for the glue-pot sealers.
Electric power is simply the product of voltage times current.
Electric power is supplied by hydroelectric plants on the Irtysh, as well as by coal-burning plants.
Electric power is supplied by the City of Napoleon.
Electric power is supplied to the wholesale market of Ukraine.
Electric power is the critical utility.
Electric power is the product of electric current and electromotive force.
Electric power is the product of VI, and is the rate of doing work.
Electric power is the rate at which electric energy is being used, stored, or transferred.
Electric power is the speed of energy transfer within the electric circuit.
Electric power is the use of electric energy to do work.
Electric power is to the site.
Electric power means no gas or oil to spill, and no pollution in the air.
Electric power operates machinery in factories.
Electric power provides the means to further develop cottage industries, improving world economy.
Electric power remains economical energy choice for consumers.
Electric power runs along the cables.
All electric power is produced at thermal stations.
Electric prods are particularly effective against lab animals.
Electric products are simple heating devices or have mechanical motors.
Electric production is very hard on the air, land and water.
Electric pulses make the bug turn right, left, and scamper forward or back.
Electric pulses pour drugs through skin.
Electric pumps are a little more expensive, but usually work faster.
Electric pumps are available for rent on a monthly basis and on a sliding fee scale.
Electric pumps are fine too, as long as they draw the beer from the cask.
Electric pumps are for diesel applications only.
Electric push winches.
Some electric railways use generators.
An electric range is a stove
Electric range is expensive.
Electric ranges provide the largest storage drawers underneath their ovens.
Electric rates are also very competitive.
Electric rates are attractive for both interruptible and non-interruptible service.
Electric rates are extremely stable and among the lowest in the nation.
Electric rates are lower for both residential and commercial customers .
Electric rates are one part of the package.
Electric rates are stable.
Electric rates are the lowest in the state.
Electric ratepayers deserve no less.
An electric ray is a ray
Electric rays are found from shallow coastal waters down to at least  depth.
Electric rays come from the skies and hit up to three enemies for a good damage.
An electric razor is a razor
Electric razors are available in most rooms.
Electric razors are easier to use and safer than blades.
Electric razors are less fatiguing than safety razors.
Electric razors are located in bathrooms.
Electric razors are razors.
Electric razors are used for conveniences.
Electric razors have power switchs.
Electric razors take too long.
Electric razors use electricity to either make blades rotate or oscillate .
Electric razors use electricity to either make blades rotate or oscillate.
Electric relay switches.
Electric resistance generates heat, which melts the metal.
Electric resistance is an electrical phenomenon
Electric rotisseries require minimal instruction.
Electric safety brakes.
Electric saws slice through plywood, cutting new walls and barriers.
Electric scooters allow a simplified method of travel.
Electric scooters are a great means of transportation and go just about anywhere.
Electric scooters are clean, quiet, small, light and fun.
Electric scooters are familiar now on pavements, in supermarkets parked outside pubs.
Electric scooters can move small mountains.
Electric scooters go faster on cement sidewalks than they do on asphalt streets.
Electric scooters lack safety features.
Electric seats can fail, especially headrests.
Electric service is a basic necessity.
Electric service is a requirement of modern life.
Electric service is adequate both from investor-owned and rural electric cooperative suppliers.
Electric service is available at the property lines.
Electric service is available near Crossroads cabin.
Electric service is available to meet any size load requirements.
Electric service is billed every two months and telephone service is billed monthly.
Electric service is expensive and unavailable in some rural areas.
Electric service is metered, except for the daily and weekly rate which includes electric.
Electric service is out in the entire region.
Electric service is provided by .Telephone communication is availabe to the entire reservation.
Electric service is provided by many distribution circuits within our service area.
Electric service is provided to most campsites.
Electric service is ready for hook-up.
Electric service pases on the hghway throughout the farm and is used by the houses therein.
An electric shaver is a razor
Some electric shavers are dry shavers so no gels or lotions are needed in preparation.
An electric shock is corporal punishment
An electric shock is torturing
Electric shock can also cause burning of the skin at the point of contact.
Electric shock can also stop a heart from beating.
Electric shock can cause a similar disease or working in the leather industry.
Electric shock is a major hazard.
Electric shock is a traumatic state caused by the passage of electric current through the body.
Electric shock is passage of electric current through the body.
Electric shock is the chief hazard from electrically-powered tools.
Electric shocks are albums.
Electric shocks are always a risk when working in wet or damp areas of barns or milking parlors.
Electric shocks are another risk that some portable space heaters have presented to homeowners.
Electric shocks are corporal punishment.
Electric shocks are diseases.
Electric shocks are ineffective in treatment of lethal effects of rattlesnake envenomation in mice.
Electric shocks are injuries.
Electric shocks are reflexs.
Electric shocks are the main form of danger in electrical and electronic engineering.
Electric shocks are torture.
Electric shower is perhaps the best example of a full flow instant water heater.
Electric shuttles move people around the busiest parts of the city.
Electric signs gleam out along the shop fronts, following each other.
Electric signals travel a high fraction the speed of light.
Electric sites are also available in winter.
Electric sites are available in winter.
Electric sites are available, and so are designated pet camping sites.
Electric sites are available.
Electric slicers can be real time savers.
Electric solutions provide many solutions.
Electric speed kills.
Electric start comes as standard.
Electric start is available, but typically unnecessary, due to the easy pullstart.
Electric start is optional, Buy one, get one free.
Electric start is standard.
Electric start makes it convenient.
Electric starter is available.
Electric starters are a safe alternative over lighter fluids.
Electric starters require a battery, which is more convenient but more costly.
Electric steamers take the guesswork out of one the most delicious and healthful ways to cook.
Electric stimulation can give mild or quite strong stimulation.
An electric storm is a storm
Electric storms are unknown.
Electric storms can also develop in the middle of the night.
Electric stove is in good order and working.
Electric stoves are out.
Electric stoves retain heat longer than gas stoves after use.
Electric stoves stay hot for a few minutes after they're turned off.
Some electric stoves have a flat ceramic surface with heating elements hidden beneath.
Electric streetcars become commonplace in large Minnesota cities.
Electric streetcars begin operation.
Electric streetcars draw power from a stationary generator.
Electric suppliers can generate and sell directly to end-use customers.
Electric supply is critically short and more drastic load reduction actions are called for.
All electric supply is underground.
Electric surcharges remain the same.
An electric switch is control
Many electric switches work from the electromagnet principle.
Electric systems are less expensive up-front than hydronic systems.
Electric systems are made of electric cables that are laid underneath the floor .
Electric systems are made of electric cables that are laid underneath the floor.
Electric systems are subject to disturbances that cause momentary or extended power outages.
Electric systems are up dated.
Electric systems depend heavily on uninterrupted voice and data communications.
Electric systems transform all their energy into heat.
Electric systems use power only as needed.
Electric tape is a good alternative, inexpensive and safe.
Electric toasters convert electric energy.
Electric toasters convert energy.
Most electric toasters convert electric energy.
Most electric toasters convert energy.
An electric toothbrush is a toothbrush
Electric toothbrushes appear to be more effective in removing plaque.
Electric toothbrushes are also ideal for anyone with limited movement.
Electric toothbrushes are equally effective and are especially useful for the handicapped.
Electric toothbrushes are generally good for cleaning teeth without damaging the gum tissue.
Electric toothbrushes are great, especially for children, disabled adults, and anyone with braces.
Electric toothbrushes are helpful to many.
Electric toothbrushes are just as good as manual brushes.
Electric toothbrushes can also be helpful for cleaning around implants.
Electric toothbrushes can also be helpful.
Electric toothbrushes depend on ceramic components.
Electric toothbrushes have different speeds.
Electric toothbrushs are located in department stores.
Electric toothbrushs are located in pharmacies.
Electric toothbrushs are located in stores.
Electric toothbrushs are small appliances.
Electric toothbrushs are toothbrushs.
Electric toothbrushs are used for cleanliness.
Electric toys are noisier and heavier, but battery-operated ones tend to die after a few months.
Electric toys can become a shock hazard if they're misused.
Electric traction is much more than electric cars.
Electric trains are trains that run by electricity and are guided by a cable overhead.
Electric trains are used for commuting.
Electric trains circle live trees, and decorations include fresh pine boughs and holiday ribbons.
Electric trains have a long history, and they have advanced greatly during that time.
Electric trains require power that has to be generated, with attendant pollution.
Many electric trains get power from a special electric rail that runs along the tracks.
Electric trams go everywhere, every few minutes, jammed with people.
Electric trams provide aesthetic benefits and comforts that buses lack.
Electric trimmers nicking bark and hungry lawn mowers biting chunks can make any willow weep.
An electric typewriter is a typewriter
Electric typewriters are preferred.
Electric units require heavy gauge wiring and large circuit breakers.
Electric units take as long as three to four hours to heat a full tank.
Electric use is also highest in the summer when air conditioners run up demand.
Electric utilities account for more than one-half of total emissions.
Electric utilities are a big part of our communities, too.
Electric utilities are different in three ways.
Electric utilities are electric utilities.
Electric utilities are likely to be one of the major sources targeted for reductions.
Electric utilities are major culprits for several air quality problems.
Electric utilities are no longer natural monopolies restricted to separate local service areas.
Electric utilities are the main source of fine particulate pollution.
Electric utilities are the primary customers of the fuel cell business.
Electric utilities are utilities.
Electric utilities ask customers to conserve power.
Electric utilities can handle such peaks because they average over many households.
Electric utilities collect a lot of tax dollars for cities, schools and local government.
Electric utilities deliver electricity.
Electric utilities do a great job of keeping the price of energy low.
Electric utilities emit an estimated two-thirds of the nation's SOx.
Electric utilities form a substantial market for New Mexico-produced coal and natural gas.
Electric utilities operate free from retail competition.
Electric utilities promote energy efficiency through demand-side management programs.
Electric utilities rely increasingly on computerized control systems.
Electric utilities represent a large portion of the toxics emission inventory.
Electric utilities sell their output in a perfectly competitive market.
Electric utilities speak their own language.
Electric utilities use the scorecard to provide added incentive.
Electric utility has the lowest rates east of the Rockies.
All electric utilities have at least a customer database for billing purposes.
Many electric utilities are including gas reburning in their emissions compliance strategy.
Many electric utilities can offer incentives for industrial and economic development.
Many electric utilities have the capability of burning either petroleum or gas.
Most electric utilities deliver electricity.
Most electric utilities have Internet sites.
Some electric utilities face increase pressure.
Some electric utilities face pressure.
Some electric utilities have service territories extending beyond a single county or parish.
Some electric utilities maintain cities.
Electric vehicles are a special type of dedicated vehicle.
Electric vehicles are almost twice as efficient as gasoline vehicles.
Electric vehicles are also more efficient.
Electric vehicles are an environmentally friendly alternative to conventional cars.
Electric vehicles are an ideal source of reserve capacity.
Electric vehicles are much more energy efficient.
Electric vehicles are much simpler, with fewer moving parts to check and replace.
Electric vehicles are only part of the overall strategy to clean up mobile source emissions.
Electric vehicles are quiet.
Electric vehicles are really quiet.
Electric vehicles are similar in many aspects to vehicles powered with internal combustion engines.
Electric vehicles are superior to fuel cells in infrastructure.
Electric vehicles are vehicles.
Electric vehicles are very energy efficient.
Electric vehicles are very simplistic.
Electric vehicles are zero emission producers.
Electric vehicles can meet the needs of LA commuters, and make owning a car easier.
Electric vehicles have a short range, based on battery life.
Electric vehicles have advantage.
Electric vehicles have many advantage.
Electric vehicles have significant advantage.
Electric vehicles have zero tailpipe emissions.
Electric vehicles hold great promise for the environment in the near future.
Electric vehicles offer a clean option.
Electric vehicles offer a non-polluting alternative.
Electric vehicles offer a unique driving experience.
Electric vehicles reduce the amount of primary energy used and consume very little petroleum.
Electric vehicles run exclusively on battery power .
Electric vehicles use gasoline.
Most electric vehicles accelerate just as fast as gas-powered ones.
Most electric vehicles have advantage.
Most electric vehicles have many advantage.
Most electric vehicles have significant advantage.
Most electric vehicles use a battery-powered electric motor as a power source.
Most electric vehicles use gasoline.
Most electric vehicles use regenerative braking to recharge the battery pack.
Electric verse presents poetry written by Finnish poets in Finnish or Swedish.
Electric vibrators are definitely on the expensive side.
Electric water kettles heat the water fast.
Electric water pump providing pressurised water to the sink.
All Electric weapons come standard with a battery and charger for the listed price.
Electric welders can kill by electric shock.
Some electric wheelchairs can navigate the trail.
Electric winches are available with single or two speed gear boxes.
Electric winches are easy to install and safe to operate.
Electric winches provide power for jib handling and headsail furling.
Electric wire keeps the raccoons at bay.
Electric wires can mean instant death to puppies.
Electric wires swing considerably.
Electric wires swing slightly.
Some electric wire deters woodchucks.
Electric wiring is strung willy-nilly and illegally like spilled spaghetti.
Electric woks are also available and usually have a non-stick finish.
An electric is a car
Electrics are a proven and simpler solution.
Electrics are cars.
Electrics are convenient and easy to maintain.
Electrics are generally more robust than electronics.
Electrics are so much easier for a beginner to play.
Electrics are the best technical solution.
Electrics seem to be okay.
Electrics usually have five strings.
All electrics work.
Electrical accidents are largely preventable through safe work practices.
Electrical accidents can and do happen when working on equipment that is energized.
Electrical accidents happen regularly and too often to children.
Electrical activity begins in the developing brain and nervous system.
Electrical activity emanating from the brain is displayed in the form of brainwaves.
Electrical activity is affected in a large area of the brain.
Electrical activity is required for the brain to function.
Electrical activity plays a major role in the control of gastric motor activity.
Electrical activity reduces receptor synthesis elsewhere.
Some electrical activities involve motion.
Electrical appliance can be a fire hazard.
Electrical appliances are few, and lighting fixtures are energy efficient.
Electrical appliances are located in basements.
Electrical appliances are tremendously good value here.
Electrical appliances differ greatly in the strength of fields they generate.
Electrical appliances have labels that state the power used by the appliance.
Electrical appliances have no place at poolside.
Electrical appliances have two price tags, the purchase price and the long-term operating cost.
Many electrical appliances use the circular motion produced by their electric motor.
Some electrical appliances require transformers to operate.
Some electrical appliances use in labs.
Electrical attenuators are usually passive devices.
Electrical attraction is used in electronic cleaners.
Electrical background is required and immediate start dates are available.
Electrical basics are easy to understand, but working on electrical projects can be hazardous.
All electrical boxes have a proper cover.
Most electrical boxes house a switch or receptacle.
All electrical bums are serious.
Electrical burns are a result of heating the skin.
Electrical burns are among the most serious burns and require immediate medical attention.
Electrical burns are nasty.
Electrical burns are often more extensive than they appear.
Electrical burns are something else entirely.
Electrical burns are the most serious and can cause heart attacks and death.
Electrical burns are the result of being zapped with a live electrical charge.
Electrical burns Attach a cardiac monitor and treat life-threatening arrhythmias as necessary.
Electrical burns can also destroy skin and deeper tissues.
Electrical burns can be another hazard.
Electrical burns can cause serious damage to internal organs.
Electrical burns cause damage.
Electrical burns cause tissue damage.
Electrical burns require immediate care and evaluation in a burn center.
Most electrical burns cause damage.
Most electrical burns cause tissue damage.
An electrical cable is a line
Electrical cables connect the sensor heads to the SAMS electronics package.
Electrical cables have insulation.
Electrical cables stretch across the wet floor of a dirty bathroom.
Most electrical cables have insulation.
Electrical capacitance is defined as electrical charge which can be stored for a given voltage.
Electrical capacity is an electrical phenomenon
Electrical capacity is of course important for any company using lots of computers.
Electrical cauterization is usually successful if the source of bleeding can be identified.
Electrical charge generates fields.
Electrical charge generates magnetic fields.
Electrical charge is a physical property of matter.
Electrical charge is additives.
Electrical charge is stored on the floating gate of each cell.
Electrical charge passes through electrolytes.
Electrical charge passes through solid electrolytes.
Electrical charge provides the primary basis for chemical reactions.
Electrical charge tends to accumulate on some places and objects more easily than on others.
Electrical charges affect compasses.
Electrical charges are additional.
Electrical charges are called monopoles, since they can exist without the opposite charge.
Electrical charges interact via a field .
Most electrical charge generates fields.
Most electrical charge generates magnetic fields.
Most electrical charge passes through electrolytes.
Most electrical charge passes through solid electrolytes.
An electrical circuit is an electrical device
Electrical circuits are all about energy.
Electrical circuits are connected in series or in parallel.
Electrical circuits are electrical devices.
Electrical circuits are the most noted examples non-mechanical oscillatory behavior.
Electrical circuits are used for all kinds of applications, from blenders to hair dryers to cars.
Electrical circuits have fuses that blow.
Electrical circuits involve active components.
Electrical circuits involve components.
Electrical circuits involve electrical components.
Electrical circuits provide a means of transferring electrical energy when heat.
Electrical circuits require a complete loop through which an electrical current can pass.
Electrical circuits require a complete loop through which the electrical current can pass.
Every electrical circuit has some type of noise in it.
Every electrical circuit has to contain at least one ground object.
Most electrical circuits involve active components.
Most electrical circuits involve components.
Most electrical circuits involve electrical components.
Electrical classifications are to European standards.
Electrical codes require certain clearances around electrical equipment.
Electrical companies are competent in restoring lost power.
Electrical components are electrical devices.
Electrical components are in short supply.
Electrical components are non-returnable.
Electrical components are parts.
Electrical components contain substances.
Electrical components contain toxic substances.
Electrical components have dangerous, potentially lethal voltages inside.
All electrical components are inside the building shell and protected from the weather.
Most electrical components contain substances.
Most electrical components contain toxic substances.
Some electrical components are in part made of such plastic.
Electrical conductance is the ability of a material to conduct electricity.
Electrical conductance is the reciprocal of the resistance of the material and is expressed in mhos.
Electrical conduction happens when a material allows an electrical current to pass through it.
Electrical conduction is a easy parameter to use when using metals.
Electrical conduction is conductivity
Electrical conductivity depends on ions being able to move freely.
Electrical conductivity depends on the presence of ions in a solution.
Electrical conductivity describes a substance s ability to transmit electrical current.
Electrical conductivity is a measure of how well a material transports an electric charge .
Electrical conductivity is a physical property.
Electrical conductivity is a useful measure of salinity .
Electrical conductivity is also necessary.
Electrical conductivity is especially sensitive to ice acidity.
Electrical conductivity is the reciprocal quantity of resistivity.
Electrical conductivity varies with moisture content.
Electrical conductors allow electric current to flow easily because of the make up of their atoms.
Electrical conductors are placed on the cell to absorb the electrons.
Electrical conductors are usually metal because metals generally have high conductivity.
Electrical conductors attach to the protector and run down to the conductor.
Electrical conductors conduct heat.
Electrical conductors have electric charges that move freely.
Every electrical conductor carrying a current has a magnetic field surrounding the conductor.
Most electrical conductors conduct heat.
Electrical connection is by evaporated gold.
Electrical connection is by way of brushes.
Electrical connection is included in the price.
Electrical connections are all hard soldered.
Electrical connections are inadequate, as are telephone connections.
Electrical connections are much less expensive.
Electrical connections are simple plug-ins.
Electrical connections extend from the junctions up the side of the needle to the detectors.
All electrical connections are also accessible for easy maintenance.
All electrical connections are internal.
All electrical connections are through connector interfaces.
Electrical connectors are removable terminal blocks.
Electrical connectors are terminal blocks.
Electrical construction estimating for industrial buildings is stressed.
Electrical consumption is metered.
Electrical contact is contact
Electrical contact switches available.
Electrical contacts draw off the freed and separated electrons to create a flow of electric current.
Electrical contracting is at the heart of our product portfolio.
Electrical Contractors Learn how to choose the best electrical contractor for the job.
Most electrical contractors learn the business through the school of hard knocks.
Some electrical contractors have their own training program.
Electrical controls present a shock and spark hazard.
Electrical cord is missing, so function of motor is unknown.
Electrical cords are another source of danger.
Electrical cords are at the top of the list.
Electrical cords are intact and have grounding prongs.
Electrical cords can also be a tripping hazard.
Electrical cords seem to sprout in wild profusion with all the lights and decorations.
All electrical cords are out of the reach of children.
All electrical cords are to be maintained in good condition.
Some electrical cord catches fire.
Some electrical cord has prongs.
Electrical costs are minimal.
Electrical current can flow forever in a loop made of a superconducting wire.
Electrical current can travel through water, and electrocution is a major killer in floods.
Electrical current can travel through water, so electrocution is a major killer in flooded areas.
Electrical current can travel through water.
Electrical current creates fields.
Electrical current creates magnetic fields.
Electrical current flowing between two rugged, soil-probing electrodes is monitored continuously.
Electrical current flowing in transmitter coils in the bird induces current in the ground.
Electrical current is analogous to water flow rate.
Electrical current is conducted better in some gemstones than others.
Electrical current is is measured as ampacity.
Electrical current is like the amount or volume of water flowing through the hose.
Electrical current is measured in amperes .
Electrical current is passed through the filament loop.
Electrical current is passed through the solution while the temperature is carefully controlled.
Electrical current is proportional to the power that the solar cell delivers.
Electrical current is provided to the field by the brushes and slip rings.
Electrical current is really the movement of electrons through a conductor.
Electrical current is run through the tungsten filament, causing it to glow and emit electrons.
Electrical current is similar to the rate of water flowing through a hose.
Electrical current is the electron charge in motion.
Electrical current is the flow of electric charge.
Electrical current is the movement of electrons in a conductor.
Electrical current is the rate of flow of electric charge.
Electrical current is used to burn the blood vessels.
Electrical current is what makes our hearts beat.
Electrical current passes through materials.
Electrical current produces fields.
Electrical current produces magnetic fields.
Electrical current supplied by the local power plant is anything but consistent.
Electrical current travelling through water can lead to electrocution.
Electrical current wants to flow from one side of the battery to the other.
Electrical currents can cause cardiac arrhythmias including cardiac arrest.
Electrical currents can travel through water.
Electrical currents cause electromagnetic fields.
Electrical currents cause magnetic fields.
Most electrical current takes the shortest route.
Some electrical current is generated by contraction.
Electrical damage is most common on modems, due to a surge that comes in through the phone line.
Electrical dangers can come from many different sources.
Electrical deregulation is our next month's meeting.
An electrical device is a device
Electrical devices are devices.
Electrical devices are serious business.
Electrical devices can also be very complicated.
Electrical devices can be very simple.
Electrical devices consume energy.
Electrical devices have circuits.
Electrical devices operating within traction motor capabilities control power at an optimum level.
Electrical devices show no signs of overheating.
Electrical devices use basic components.
Electrical devices use components.
Electrical devices use energy.
Every electrical device emits electromagnetic energy.
Many electrical devices are available on the market to treat a variety of symptoms.
Many electrical devices have high voltage or high power requirements, carrying even more risk.
Many electrical devices have the wattage stamped on their I.D. tag or nameplate.
Most electrical devices consume energy.
Most electrical devices have circuits.
Most electrical devices have their power consumption rated in watts.
Most electrical devices require the flow of a current.
Most electrical devices use basic components.
Most electrical devices use components.
Most electrical devices use energy.
Electrical diagnosis reduces unscheduled outages due to electrical equipment failures.
Electrical discharge is discharge
Electrical discharge is discharge.
Electrical discharge is more effective at producing the higher levels required.
Electrical discharge is what is photographed.
Some electrical discharge is produced by thunderstorms.
Electrical disconnect is required.
Electrical disruptions are a concern.
Electrical distribution is additional.
Electrical distribution is uneven and very inadequate.
Electrical distribution tops most facilities managers' concern list today.
An electrical disturbance is an electrical phenomenon
Electrical disturbances can affect performance.
Electrical drafters draw wiring and layout diagrams for electrical equipment.
Electrical drafters draw wiring and layout diagrams.
Electrical energy can be dangerous.
Electrical energy can be relatively easily and cheaply transferred over large distances.
Electrical energy comes from the potential created by opposing positive and negative charges.
Electrical energy drives many small machines and keeps lights glowing.
Electrical energy exists when charged particles attract or repel each other.
Electrical energy flows along a path, called a circuit.
Electrical energy flows through a portion of the body causing a shock.
Electrical energy is a kind of kinetic energy.
Electrical energy is a measurable force that also creates magnetic fields.
Electrical energy is a secondary source of energy.
Electrical energy is also common in nature.
Electrical energy is also energy in motion.
Electrical energy is also energy.
Electrical energy is by far the single greatest cost involved in desalination.
Electrical energy is changed into heat in a hotplate.
Electrical energy is converted into light energy in the headlights.
Electrical energy is converted into mechanical energy in an electric motor.
Electrical energy is created by spatially separating positive and negative charge.
Electrical energy is due to the electrical force.
Electrical energy is energy that is caused by moving electric charges.
Electrical energy is energy
Electrical energy is generated by generators.
Electrical energy is generated by stations.
Electrical energy is generated for use in west-central Colorado.
Electrical energy is generated from the steam harnessed into pipes from underground water courses.
Electrical energy is generated when the generator windings rotate in a strong magnetic field.
Electrical energy is generated with very high efficiency and zero emissions from the vehicle itself.
Electrical energy is input into a loudspeaker.
Electrical energy is less like a substance.
Electrical energy is measured in kilowatt-hours .
Electrical energy is of very high value.
Electrical energy is provided from a central source through the metal strip.
Electrical energy is required in order to keep the bacterial floc in suspension by stirring.
Electrical energy is set free.
Electrical energy is stored in the tool using specially designed energy storage capacitors.
Electrical energy is the energy newly derived from electric potential energy or kinetic energy .
Electrical energy is the fuel for the digital economy.
Electrical energy is the kinetic energy of the electrons in the wire.
Electrical energy is the moving electrical charges from one point to another in a conductor.
Electrical energy is transfered by electricity.
Electrical energy is transformed into heat and light energy.
Electrical energy is used to power a lamp.
Electrical energy is useful only when it flows in both directions.
Electrical energy is utilized in most lasers and chemical hazards abound as well.
Electrical energy lights our homes,run motors, and makers our TVs and radios work.
Electrical energy produces a hot spark.
Electrical energy produces a spark.
Electrical energy produces energy.
Electrical energy refers to energy associated with the flow of electrons.
Electrical energy runs televisions, stereos, toasters and light bulbs.
Most electrical energy is generated by generators.
Most electrical energy is generated by stations.
Most electrical energy is transfered by electricity.
Most electrical energy produces energy.
Some electrical energy becomes heat.
Some electrical energy comes from forces.
Some electrical energy goes through toasters.
Some electrical energy is transfered by motors.
Some electrical energy passes through wire.
Some electrical energy reduces resistance.
Some electrical energy uses devices.
Some electrical energy uses electronic devices.
Electrical engines provide more thrust per pound of propellant than chemical engines.
Electrical engineer technicians help designs.
An electrical engineer is an engineer
Electrical engineers affect nearly every aspect of our daily lives.
Electrical engineers apply principles.
Electrical engineers are engineers.
Electrical engineers are in demand.
Electrical engineers are involved in energy, information, and their underlying technologies.
Electrical engineers are often research and development specialists and work in laboratories.
Electrical engineers are responsible for the explosion in communication technologies.
Electrical engineers are shocked when they do it.
Electrical engineers are the lifeblood of the semiconductor industry.
Electrical engineers are thinkers and doers.
Electrical engineers build computer programs, but mechanical engineers build the computers.
Electrical engineers can generally place themselves in one of the following categories.
Electrical engineers can manage their complex networks of power lines.
Electrical engineers can work in jobs ranging from process control to sales and technical service.
Electrical engineers carry out design and production of electrical and electronic subsystems.
Electrical engineers create circuits.
Electrical engineers create, research, design, develop, manufacture, and market new devices.
Electrical engineers define bandwidth as the highest frequency sine wave that can be carried.
Electrical engineers design equipment to produce and distribute electricity.
Electrical engineers design, build, and make extensive use of computers.
Electrical engineers design, develop and operate systems that generate and use electrical waveforms.
Electrical engineers design, develop, test, and supervise the manufacture of electrical equipment.
Electrical engineers function in a large number of technical areas.
Electrical engineers get to design things like cell phones, computers and space ships.
Electrical engineers have a required communications course plus five technical electives.
Electrical engineers have a wide variety of opportunities.
Electrical engineers help technology.
Electrical engineers lead designs.
Electrical engineers make supercomputers that link many thousands of microprocessors .
Electrical engineers make supercomputers that link many thousands of microprocessors.
Electrical engineers manage multiple projects from design inception to installation.
Electrical engineers solve problems through the skillful application of mathematics and science.
Electrical engineers specialize in areas.
Electrical engineers use and interact with the computer to a very extensive extent.
Electrical engineers use computer programs to make drawings of ducts and wiring.
Electrical engineers use mathematics.
Electrical engineers work closely with mechanical engineers in the production of electrical power.
Electrical engineers work in a variety of organizations.
Electrical engineers work in all areas in which electrical phenomena are involved.
Electrical engineers work on power plants, computers, and other electrical devices.
Most electrical engineers apply principles.
Most electrical engineers begin their careers in manufacturing functions.
Most electrical engineers believe they can do everything.
Most electrical engineers create circuits.
Most electrical engineers help technology.
Most electrical engineers lead designs.
Most electrical engineers specialize in areas.
Most electrical engineers use mathematics.
Some electrical engineers are engaged in technology.
Some electrical engineers concentrate on making electrical energy available and utilized properly.
Some electrical engineers employ knowledge.
Some electrical engineers focus on power.
Some electrical engineers use copper wire.
Some electrical engineers use wire.
Some electrical engineers work in firms.
Electrical engineering are engineering.
Electrical engineering has an intimate relationship with the physical sciences.
Electrical engineering has many subdisciplines, the most common of which are listed below.
Electrical engineering includes work on electronic circuitry.
Electrical engineering involves the application of electrical phenomena for the benefit of society.
Electrical engineering is a challenging field.
Electrical engineering is among the most rapidly developing areas of knowledge.
Electrical engineering is an amazingly broad-based and rapidly growing discipline.
Electrical engineering is an exciting field that is constantly being advanced.
Electrical engineering is awesome.
Electrical engineering is concerned with electrical devices, circuits and systems.
Electrical engineering is concerned with the basic forms of energy that run our world.
Electrical engineering is largely hardware, with some software.
Electrical engineering is now a very popular subject.
Electrical engineering is the foundation on which computer engineering and computer science rest.
Electrical engineering is the largest discipline followed by mechanical and civil engineering.
Electrical engineering is the largest of all engineering disciplines.
Electrical equipment generates heat.
Electrical equipment is available for entertainment stages on a limited basis.
Electrical equipment is to be grounded.
Electrical equipment receives power through electrical conductors.
Electrical equipments are used for a number of purposes.
All electrical equipment bears the label of a nationally recognized testing agency.
All electrical equipment can be dangerous.
All electrical equipment has a limited life span.
All electrical equipment is installed and energized.
Any electrical equipment has a ground reference point.
Most electrical equipment emits some kind of radio signal.
Some electrical equipment operates at temperatures exceeding their thermal rating.
Electrical experience is desired.
Electrical exposure causing death is referred to as electrocution.
Electrical failure takes many forms.
Electrical failures are particularly frustrating and often sudden.
Electrical fan driven devices are preferred.
Electrical faults are abnormal conditions which can occur in any electric distribution system.
Electrical faults are also dangerous in industrial, automotive, and consumer products.
Electrical faults can cause sags on adjacent circuits or feeders.
All electrical fees are payable to Champlain Valley Exposition.
Electrical field surrounding unknown object prevents contact with the relay station.
Electrical fields are basically regions containing forces which repel or attract charges.
Electrical fields help kill biofilms.
Electrical fields result from electrical devices and televisions.
Some electrical fields cause damage.
Some electrical fields cause surface damage.
Electrical fire accounts for fire.
Electrical fires are among the most common fires on board.
Electrical fires are common and often preventable with common sense.
Electrical fires are one of the leading types of home fires, especially in manufactured homes.
Electrical fires can start ahead of the firewall or in the cabin.
Electrical Fires Keep flammable objects away from heaters or light bulbs.
Electrical fires start from frayed, uninsinuated wiring.
Most electrical fires start in wiring and motors.
All electrical fixtures are to be repaired or replaced and fans put into classrooms.
Electrical force is a universal force that exisits between two charged objects.
Electrical force is the attraction or repulsion between two objects due to their charge.
Electrical forces are extremely sensitive to distance.
Electrical forces are responsible for holding our bodies' cells together.
Electrical frequency can affect electric clocks, audio equipment and some other electronic gear.
Electrical fuzes have an electric charging assembly in place of an arming vane.
Electrical gauges indicate whether the vehicle's alternator is generating enough electricity.
Electrical generation is a source of air pollution.
Electrical generation is examined.
Electrical generation is the transformation of motion energy into electrical energy.
Electrical generation requires water to cool the plants.
Electrical generators are available on the local market.
Electrical generators produce current.
Electrical generators produce electric current.
Electrical generators produce electricity.
Electrical generators produce measurable electric current.
Most electrical generators produce current.
Most electrical generators produce electric current.
Most electrical generators produce electricity.
Most electrical generators produce measurable electric current.
Electrical goods are very good value.
Electrical gradients are necessary to support movement of oxygen, carbon dioxide and nutrients.
Electrical hazards can cause a fire or injure employees and students if left unchecked.
Electrical hazards occur when personnel are servicing or troubleshooting equipment.
Electrical hazards present in some areas.
Electrical heat is a convenient, cost effective alternative.
Electrical heaters simulate the heat generation.
Electrical heating can take several forms.
Electrical heating is also safer and non-explosive.
Electrical heating is generally more expensive than gas heating.
Electrical heating is more expensive than gas.
Electrical hookup is available.
Electrical hookups are available at no additional charge.
Electrical hookups are available for a nominal fee.
Electrical hookups are available for cookouts and family gatherings.
Electrical hookups are available if desired.
Electrical hookups are available on request.
Electrical hookups are available to campers, however, all other facilities are primitive.
Electrical hookups are available.
Electrical hookups are extra.
Electrical hookups come later.
Some electrical hookups are available.
Some electrical imbalances cause electricity.
Some electrical imbalances cause static electricity.
Electrical impulses are what keep a healthy heart beating at a normal rate and rhythm.
Electrical impulses stimulate the facial muscles safely.
Electrical impulses stimulate the muscle of the stomach, leading to better stomach function.
Electrical industries manufacture products that generate, distribute, and use electrical power.
Electrical inspection varies by the size of house.
Electrical inspectors are generally more tolerant of such wiring techniques.
Electrical inspectors check the installation and modification of a building's electrical facilities.
Electrical inspectors perform duties.
Most electrical inspectors perform duties.
Electrical installations carry the risk of electric shock.
Electrical instruments are vulnerable to damage.
Electrical insulation is the absence of electrical conduction .
Electrical insulators conduct charge.
Electrical insulators conduct electric charge.
Most electrical insulators are silicon composites, and sand is just the same thing.
Most electrical insulators conduct charge.
Most electrical insulators conduct electric charge.
Electrical interfaces are modular and can be easily changed before or after installation.
Electrical interference can block witnesses ability to see what is happening next door.
Electrical items are nonrefundable.
All electrical items carrying current get hot.
Many electrical items have a binary code somewhere on their casings.
Electrical layout is included.
Electrical lights are clear of combustible materials.
Electrical lines are always subject to environmental perturbations known as noise.
Electrical lines are down.
Electrical lines are in place and perk tests have been done for septic systems.
Electrical lines crossing a pipe have no effect.
Electrical machines are another wonderful type of machine.
Electrical markets are more open.
Electrical materials work the same way.
Electrical measurements demonstrate the successful realized wiring of the metallized biomolecules.
Electrical methods use an electric current passed through two metal surfaces in close contact.
Electrical motor assemble.
Electrical motors are essential machines of business and industry.
Electrical motors present special electrical startup considerations.
Electrical noise appears in the output voltage causing small instantaneous errors in the output.
Electrical noise can also be a byproduct of corrosion.
Electrical noise disrupts the smooth output one expects from the mains.
Electrical noise is distortion of the voltage wave form, whether at a high or low level.
Electrical noise is generated by any device that uses or generates voltages that vary over time.
Electrical noise is generated by the alternator, fan motors, windshield wipers, brake lights, etc.
Electrical nutrition is a new understanding of the human body and it's true architecture.
Electrical operation Describe intra-aortic balloon pump electrical operation.
Electrical options are available, such as lights, bilge pump and on board charger.
Electrical outages remain commonplace.
An electrical outlet is a receptacle
Electrical outlet is visible at rear.
Electrical outlets accept two-pin plugs.
Electrical outlets are a source of curiosity.
Electrical outlets are also available.
Electrical outlets are also the same as in USA and Canada.
Electrical outlets are around the field.
Electrical outlets are at hip-level rather than near the floor.
Electrical outlets are available at the State Fair if needed.
Electrical outlets are available in the basement study carrel area for plugging in laptops.
Electrical outlets are available in the reading room for computers.
Electrical outlets are available on each wall.
Electrical outlets are available throughout the building.
Electrical outlets are available under each research table.
Electrical outlets are available upon request.
Electrical outlets are available, but limited.
Electrical outlets are electrical components.
Electrical outlets are for plugs only.
Electrical outlets are located in rooms.
Electrical outlets are necessary since the machine requires electricity.
Electrical outlets are plentiful inside the shop, as are air lines.
Electrical outlets are scarce in classrooms and offices.
Electrical outlets are sockets.
Electrical outlets are very intriguing to young hands.
Electrical outputs are compatible with almost all drives and PLCs.
Electrical overloads can become a problem.
Electrical panel is accessible only from the back of the machine.
Electrical parts are non-refundable once installed.
All electrical parts are of the highest standards to ensure safety and reliability.
All electrical parts are subject to no return and no exchange.
All electrical parts remain outside of the tub.
Electrical permits are non-transferrable.
Electrical permits expire one year after the purchase date.
An electrical phenomenon is a physical phenomenon
Electrical phenomena are responsible for attraction and for repulsion.
Electrical pickup is off both the tender wheels and locomotive drivers.
Electrical plugs are the same as in Austria, Germany, Finland etc.
Electrical plugs are the same as in Germany, Finland etc.
Electrical pollution is the most costly to ignore and the least costly to eliminate.
Electrical power feeds many of the accessories features.
Electrical power generates components.
Electrical power generating plants run on coal.
Electrical power has units of watts.
Electrical power includes the transportation and storage of fuel essential to that system.
Electrical power is a key factor in the location of any factory.
Electrical power is a unique commodity.
Electrical power is available during the purge cycle.
Electrical power is available for live bands.
Electrical power is available for recorders and electronic detectors.
Electrical power is available in the Mansion and at certain sites on the grounds.
Electrical power is available in the studio building, but it is minimal.
Electrical power is available.
Electrical power is central to every aspect of life.
Electrical power is conceptually simple.
Electrical power is derived from diesel generators and most buildings are heated with oil furnaces.
Electrical power is erratic in both countries.
Electrical power is expressed in watts and is a function of the voltage and the current.
Electrical power is included in the rental price for normal usage.
Electrical power is intermittent.
Electrical power is limited.
Electrical power is measured in units called kilowatts.
Electrical power is measured in watts.
Electrical power is measured in Watts.
Electrical power is necessary for many science experiments.
Electrical power is needed to run the compressor in the system.
Electrical power is power
Electrical power is power.
Electrical power is produced in real-time.
Electrical power is provided by an overhead power line.
Electrical power is provided by redundant diesel auxiliary engines.
Electrical power is provided by three gas turbine generators.
Electrical power is provided through wet mateable couplers mounted on the connector plate.
Electrical power is required for aerobic units.
Electrical power is required for most composting toilet units.
Electrical power is required for recirculating sand filter units.
Electrical power is required to operate the spacecraft instruments and systems.
Electrical power is shared among propulsion, survivability, lethality, and auxiliary systems.
Electrical power is supplied by a battery bank and array of solar panels.
Electrical power is supplied by a double insulated generator which is the quietest in the industry.
Electrical power is supplied to the cavity to produce an equal heating effect.
Electrical power is supplied to the heat cable down the right-side riser pipe.
Electrical power is supplied to the plant at a single service connection cable plug.
Electrical power is the bedrock of modern production.
Electrical power is transferred magnetically throught the iron core.
Electrical power measures in watts.
Electrical power operates everything else.
Electrical power performs miracles.
Electrical power starts at the power plant.
Electrical power supplies to drive motors.
Electrical power supplies to electric drive motors.
Electrical power supplies to electric motors.
Electrical power supplies to motors.
All electrical power is supplied from solar panels and wind generators.
Most electrical power generates components.
Some electrical power is consumed by bulbs.
Some electrical power is consumed by light bulbs.
Some electrical power is generated by wind.
Some electrical power requires heat water.
Some electrical power requires water.
Electrical pressure exists in charge just as air pressure exists in air.
Electrical problems are a common cause of house fires and they're substantially preventable.
Electrical problems are another giveaway.
Electrical problems are common in many locations, as are occasional shortages of hot water and heat.
Electrical problems are nightmares to troubleshoot.
Electrical problems are very difficult to find.
Electrical problems can be extremely frustrating.
Electrical problems cause many residential fires.
Electrical problems manifest themselves by emitting increased heat energy.
Electrical problems spark a lot of frustration for heating contractors.
Most electrical problems are rather simple and often overlooked.
Most electrical problems occur due to ceilings being flooded.
Most electrical problems stem from improper connections made by rental trailer establishments.
Some electrical problems deal with burnouts, spikes, surges and sags .
Electrical products discarded by Japanese households are almost all disposed of in landfills.
Electrical projects can help when planning where the communication systems are going to be.
Electrical properties are good.
Electrical properties are potentially no less important.
Electrical Properties Find out why fused quartz is the preferred glass for electrical applications.
Electrical pulses are sensitive to their environment.
Electrical pulses control the rate of the heart's contractions.
Electrical pumps bring water up from the city's underground pipes to the tanks.
Electrical rates quoted for all connections include service to the booth.
Electrical receptacles have no open grounds or reverse polarity.
Electrical repairs are a piece of cake.
Electrical repairs can be dangerous.
Every electrical repair is unique.
Electrical resistance depends upon the composition of the conductor and is measured in ohms.
Electrical resistance is an electrical phenomenon
Electrical resistance is due to scattering of electrons within a material.
Electrical resistance is greater in a wire that is hot.
Electrical resistance is measured in ohms .
Electrical resistance is measured in Ohms.
Electrical resistance is measured in units called ohms .
Electrical resistance is the force that is in the way of the flow of current.
Electrical resistance is the opposition a conductor offers to the migration of electrons.
Electrical resistance is the ratio of the voltage applied to the electrical current it produces.
Electrical resistivity is also inverse of electrical conductivity .
Electrical resistivity is also inverse of electrical conductivity.
Electrical resistivity is the reciprocal of conductivity.
Electrical resistors change resistance.
Most electrical resistors change resistance.
Electrical resonance is analogous to mechanical resonance.
Electrical restoration is limited to making the radio work properly.
Electrical rotation is the mechanical rotation minus the length of the terminal pads.
Electrical safety begins with proper wiring.
Electrical safety is covered.
Electrical safety is important in every work environment.
Electrical safety is most important in floods.
Electrical safety is naturally of concern to any home buyer.
Electrical safety is provided by overload and earth leakage circuit breakers.
Electrical safety is stressed throughout the course.
Electrical safety is without question, the most important aspect of any electrical work.
Electrical savings are often the best reason to use oil to heat domestic hot water.
Electrical science is introduced.
Electrical service includes a smoke detector, light switch and interior and exterior lights.
Electrical service is available to a limited number of vendors at a small additional charge.
Electrical service is included.
Electrical service is limited to one plug-in only.
Electrical service is provided by Southern California Edison.
Electrical service is provided through cables placed in underground conduits.
Electrical service is within approximately a half mile of the subject house.
Electrical services are available for an additional fee.
All electrical services are available.
Electrical shielding is inherent in all metal packages for safe emi isolation.
An electrical shock is a reflex
Electrical shock can cause personnel injury or death.
Electrical shock can occur when a rat chews through a power cord.
Electrical shock can occur with metal or wet wooden ladders.
Electrical shock is a major electrical hazard.
Electrical shock is a potential hazard aboard ship.
Electrical shock is another problem to which the worker is exposed.
Electrical shock poses special problems.
Electrical Shock Turn off power.
Electrical shock Use nonmetal ladders around electricity.
Electrical shocks happen in welding when the person becomes a better ground than the ground cable.
Electrical shorts can cause fires.
Electrical signs require an additional permit.
Electrical signals are fast.
Electrical signals cause the film to emit relatively low-frequency, pulsed sound waves.
Electrical signals have many measurable qualities, including intensity and spectral characteristics.
Electrical signals initiate mechanical contraction and control the strength of that contraction.
Electrical signals seem to be involved, just as they are with nerve cells.
Electrical signals travel down the brain cell, where they are changed into chemical signals.
Electrical signals turn on individual pixels in a matrix of cells.
Electrical sites are available as well as showers.
Electrical sites are limited.
Electrical smells can also result from other problems in the machine.
Electrical sockets accept only flat three or two-pin plugs.
Electrical sockets spark.
Electrical sources are like pumps.
Electrical sources are potential hazards.
Electrical specifications define line voltages and waveforms, as well as failure modes and effects.
Electrical spikes occur most often when lightning strikes.
Electrical spools make excellent workbenches for the shop.
Electrical stimulation can also help with regeneration of nerve tissue.
Electrical stimulation can ease pain by sending impulses that are felt instead of pain.
Electrical stimulation can produce relief of chronic pain over large areas of the body.
Electrical stimulation causes contraction.
Electrical stimulation causes heart muscle contraction.
Electrical stimulation exercises to improve hand function and sensation following chronic stroke.
Electrical stimulation impacts neural rehabilitation in many ways and at different time scales.
Electrical stimulation is also rapid acting, with the effect being observed in seconds.
Electrical stimulation is an alternative to manual stimulation.
Electrical stimulation is another treatment option.
Electrical stimulation is defined as the use of an electrical current to transfer energy to a wound.
Electrical stimulation is delivered through electrodes attached to various areas of the scalp.
Electrical stimulation is more effective than sound or other methods.
Electrical stimulation is used for neuromuscular re-education and to enhance motor learning.
Electrical stimulation is used to accelerate the closure of chronic wounds, such as pressure ulcers.
Electrical stimulation is used to increase muscle strength and relieve muscle spasms.
Electrical stimulation is used to record the heart's activity.
Electrical stimulation is versatile and effective for a wide range of problems.
Most electrical stimulation causes contraction.
Most electrical stimulation causes heart muscle contraction.
Electrical storage is accomplished by charging the materials with hydrogen.
Electrical storage is provided by lead-acid gel cell batteries.
An electrical storm is a storm
Electrical storms are very dangerous.
Electrical storms can also induce damaging voltages on control cables.
Electrical storms can be especially dangerous at high elevations.
Electrical studies are often helpful.
Electrical studies are sometimes helpful.
Electrical submission is also welcome.
Electrical suppliers have good reason to support the use of geo thermal.
Most electrical suppliers sell what are known as ferrite chokes or ferrite cores.
Electrical Supplies sparepartssearch The Web Click here to submit a site.
Electrical supply is more than adequate.
Electrical surges are a nuisance to the system and can cause instant damage to electrical equipment.
Electrical surges are by far the most destructive electrical event.
Electrical surges can briefly disrupt the electricity supply.
Electrical surges can travel through phone lines.
Electrical surveys have the advantage in being fast.
An electrical switch is control
Electrical switch squeezes solids and flips molecules.
Electrical synapses are faster, more direct and often more efficient than chemical synapses.
Electrical synapses are faster, more direct, and oftentimes more efficient than chemical synapses.
Electrical synapses are more common in invertebrates.
An electrical system is an utility
Electrical system can go forever, but it depends on how the system was design.
Electrical system leads.
Electrical systems are equipment.
Electrical systems are industrial grade with on-board circuitry.
Electrical systems are old and instructional technology is outdated.
Electrical systems are part of motor vehicles.
Electrical systems are subject to corrosion, wearing insulation, and rusted terminals.
Electrical systems are utilities.
Electrical systems are winter-sensitive.
Electrical systems consist mainly of wires and metal devices.
Electrical systems consists mainly of wires and metal devices.
Electrical systems operate with fewer moving parts, supplying a quieter ride.
All electrical systems are by circuit breaker.
Any electrical system requires safety measures to operate, and has to undergo maintenance.
Most electrical systems work off of heat.
Electrical tape is a two-layer product.
Electrical tape is an insulator.
Electrical tape is handy too.
Electrical tape is located in repair shops.
Electrical tape tends to be too small a width, but bondage tape is nice and wide.
Electrical tape works well to secure the foil in place.
Electrical tape works well too.
Electrical technicians help designs.
Most electrical technicians help designs.
Electrical technologies play an increasing role in waste prevention, minimisation and recycling.
Electrical technology is the reward for our mental, emotional and physical efforts.
Electrical termination is by a junction box at the bottom of the panel.
Electrical tests provide conditions.
Electrical tests record the electrical impulses of the brain.
Most electrical tests provide conditions.
Electrical Testers Go Out.
Electrical testing follows the degeneration of the motor fibers.
Electrical theory is taught extensively.
Electrical tools are reliable, unless the electricity goes off.
Electrical toys are a potential burn hazard to children.
Electrical toys are a potential burn hazard.
Electrical toys can become a shock hazard if they are misused.
Electrical transformers come in two categories, wet and dry.
Electrical units contain heating elements in the tank.
Electrical uses are wire and cable insulation.
Electrical usage is depicted in a bar graph.
Some electrical usage uses patterns.
Electrical use is minimal.
Electrical use is no different.
Electrical voltage is akin to pressure of water in a pipe or hose.
Electrical voltage is applied to a crystal with piezoelectric qualities located in the sound head.
Electrical waste contains hazardous but also valuable and scarce materials.
Electrical wire has low resistance.
Electrical wire has resistance.
Electrical wire is electrical components.
Electrical wire is wire.
Electrical wires are color coded to prevent wiring errors.
Electrical wires can fall, causing loss of electricity and heat.
Electrical wires relay commands, replacing the cables and linkage controls.
Electrical wires relay commands, replacing the usual cables and linkage controls.
Electrical wires weave a tangled web from house to house.
All electrical wires run with outlet boxes set before insulation is placed in wall.
Every electrical wire is made up of two wires a hot wire and a neutral wire.
Most electrical wire has low resistance.
Most electrical wire has resistance.
Most electrical wire is made of copper.
Some electrical wire causes problems.
Electrical wiring comes in many colors and sizes.
Electrical wiring is complete.
Electrical wiring is frequently a jangle of overloaded circuits.
Electrical wiring is located in buildings.
Electrical wiring is one area in which it truly is better to be safe than sorry.
Electrical wiring is one of the last steps in the construction of each building.
Electrical wiring is suspected as the cause of the fire.
All electrical wiring is to be done by staff only.
Electrical work comes next.
Electrical work continues and the main light fixtures in the lobby have been installed.
Electrical work continues between the new and existing building.
Electrical work continues, including hook-up to new call boxes.
Electrical work is a daunting task to many.
Electrical work is close to being done in the perimeter channel and teaching station.
Electrical work is now off the critical path.
Electrical work is on schedule.
Electrical work is the work done on a charged particle by an electric field .
Electrical work is trade
Electrical work is trade.
Electrical work requires a permit from the State of Minnesota.
Electrical work requires an electrical permit obtained by a licensed electrician.
Electrical work requires inspection at rough-in and final which allows meter release.
All electrical work is performed in a clean electrical fabrication room.
All electrical work requires another permit in addition to the Building Permit.
Much electrical work is done in a standing position, often in confined spaces.
Some electrical work requires additional training.
Electrical workers live and work in every neighborhood in the country.
Electricial recordings make for the first time with microphone.
Electrician helpers begin to learn the trade informally by working for experienced electricians.
Electrician helpers gather tools and supplies to be used at the work site.
Electrician service is available on the premises.
An electrician is a skilled worker
Electrician isa worker.
Electricians also operate certain sound, light and video systems.
Electricians are avail.
Electricians are available for emergency service after hours.
Electricians are easiest.
Electricians are licensed by municipalities or counties.
Electricians are now no longer just electricians.
Electricians are responsible for supplying electricity to the population.
Electricians are responsible for the safe installation and maintenance of electrical wiring.
Electricians are skilled workers.
Electricians are spot welding studs everywhere, eventually to hold up wire trays.
Electricians are tradesmans.
Electricians are trained to work safely and take many measures to minimize the danger of injury.
Electricians begin hanging electrical boxes for interior lights on building structure.
Electricians bring electricity into homes, businesses, and factories.
Electricians change light bulbs.
Electricians connect a variety of fixtures to internal and external electricity sources.
Electricians determine causes.
Electricians do a variety of task including the splicing of wire and the installing of switches.
Electricians do both installation and maintenance work on the energy systems of geothermal plants.
Electricians find their way in the jungle of electric cables that run in the bowels of the boat.
Electricians generally focus on either construction or maintenance, although many do both.
Electricians have (part) arms.
Electricians have (part) body substances.
Electricians have (part) cell membranes.
Electricians have (part) cells.
Electricians have (part) corpi.
Electricians have (part) cytoplasm.
Electricians have (part) heads.
Electricians have (part) human bodies.
Electricians have (part) legs.
Electricians have (part) material bodies.
Electricians have (part) necks.
Electricians have (part) nuclei.
Electricians have (part) personality.
Electricians have (part) plasma membranes.
Electricians have (part) sections.
Electricians have (part) vacuoles.
Electricians have a big role to play both at the residential and commercial level.
Electricians have a machine that checks for resistance.
Electricians have electricity.
Electricians have many opportunity.
Electricians have opportunity.
Electricians have workers.
Electricians Help electricians by performing duties of lesser skill.
Electricians install, alter, maintain and repair electrical wiring, apparatus, and equipment.
Electricians install, maintain and repair electrical systems, equipment and fixtures.
Electricians layout, assemble, install, repair, and test entire electrical and electronic systems.
Electricians learn on jobs.
Electricians learn their job either through an apprenticeship or informally.
Electricians look for potential difference in appliances.
Electricians perform electrical work required in the building and remodeling of structures.
Electricians perform tasks.
Electricians risk injury from electrical shock, falls, and cuts from sharp objects.
Electricians risk injury from electrical shock, falls, and cuts.
Electricians take safety.
Electricians test circuits to ensure compatibility and safety of components.
Electricians to handle jobs.
Electricians use a range of hand and power tools and instruments.
Electricians use a wide variety of hand tools to perform various tasks.
Electricians use ammeters to determine whether current is flowing through wires.
Electricians use hand tools such as screwdrivers, pliers, knives, and hacksaws.
Electricians use handtools such as screwdrivers, pliers, knives, and hacksaws.
Electricians use handtools such as screwdrivers.
Electricians use wire.
Electricians wear a variety of safety equipment to reduce their risk of injury.
Electricians willlike the voltage drop tables in particular.
Electricians work full time.
Electricians work in companies.
Electricians work in cramped spaces and spend a lot of time standing or kneeling.
Electricians work indoors and out, at construction sites, in homes, and in businesses or factories.
Electricians work indoors and outdoors in nearly every type of facility.
Electricians work indoors and outdoors, at homes, businesses, factories, and construction sites.
Electricians work indoors and outdoors, in homes, businesses, factories, and construction sites.
Electricians work time.
Electricians work to install lines to new centerfield light pole.
Electricians work with engineers.
Electricians work with people on a regular basis.
Electricians work with the wires that carry electricity.
Electricians frequently work from high ladders and scaffolds and in cramped positions and quarters.
Electricians often cap wires before installing an outlet.
Electricians often wear rubber gloves to protect themselves from getting a shock.
Electricians often work in confined areas.
Electricians usually start their work by reading blueprints.
Electricians usually work with little or no supervision.
All electricians use tools such as screwdrivers, pliers, knives, and hacksaws.
Every electrician makes a directory when installing a service panel.
Many electricians also install and maintain electrical machines in factories.
Most electricians can find articles easily because they have spent so much time studying the book.
Most electricians determine causes.
Most electricians have many opportunity.
Most electricians have opportunity.
Most electricians have workers.
Most electricians learn on jobs.
Most electricians learn on the job through an apprenticeship.
Most electricians perform tasks.
Most electricians specialize in construction or maintenance, but a growing number are doing both.
Most electricians specialize in either construction or maintenance, but a growing number do both.
Most electricians still spend most of their time bending and installing conduit.
Most electricians take safety.
Most electricians use wire.
Most electricians work full time.
Most electricians work in companies.
Most electricians work time.
Most electricians work with engineers.
Some electricians are union members.
Some electricians become electrical inspectors.
Some electricians become inspectors.
Some electricians consult with specialists.
Some electricians enter stations.
Some electricians leave industries.
Some electricians maintain voices.
Some electricians opt to go into business for themselves and become contractors.
Some electricians perform duties.
Some electricians perform types.
Some electricians specialize in either construction or maintenance and many today can do both.
Some electricians start their own contracting businesses.
Electricity companies are about to have their minds sharply focused on renewable energy.
Electricity companies are significant employers in country and regional areas.
Electricity companies can now also sell gas to their customers.
Electricity consumption equals generation plus imports minus exports minus distribution losses.
Electricity consumption is more likely to be affected by production requirements than price.
Electricity consumption is observed to be more significant than total consumption of primary energy.
Electricity consumption is very low.
Electricity consumption needs to be viewed in the context of an overall energy management plan.
Electricity demand is especially sensitive to growth in income.
Electricity demand is primarily for lighting purposes only.
Electricity demand varies throughout the day.
Electricity distribution is also a major component of the project.
Electricity generation can be a major source of air pollution.
Electricity generation can be a source of air pollution.
Electricity generation contributes more pollutants to our environment than any other industry.
Electricity generation is a major contributor to air and water pollution.
Electricity generation is a major source of air emissions.
Electricity generation is by far the main user of imported energy.
Electricity generation is currently from thermal power stations, for which oil has to be imported.
Electricity generation is fueled mainly by coal in all the states of Australia except in Tasmania.
Electricity generation is geared to meeting customer demands instantaneously.
Electricity generation is one area where large amounts of waste are generated.
Electricity generation is one of the largest national sources of many pollutants.
Electricity generation is the leading source of industrial air pollution.
Electricity generation is the primary use for renewable energy sources such as wind and solar.
Electricity generation is the process of generating electric energy from other forms of energy.
Electricity generation is the process of generating electrical energy from other forms of energy .
Electricity generation is the second most significant new industry.
Electricity generation is the single largest source of air pollution in the nation.
Electricity generation uses thermal coal, which is ground to a fine powder prior to combustion.
Electricity generators are the single largest class of industrial polluters.
Electricity industries have issues.
Most electricity industries have issues.
Electricity markets are even newer.
Electricity markets are increasingly regional and multi-regional.
Electricity meters measure energy.
Electricity meters measure the number of units of electricity used in a home or other building.
Most electricity meters measure energy.
Some electricity meters measure electricity.
Electricity outages are a daily occurrence.
Electricity prices are highly volatile, yet yield readily to a standardized futures contract.
Electricity prices are on the rise.
Electricity prices change by the minute based on supply and demand.
Electricity prices remain well below cost-covering levels, especially in the residential sector.
Electricity pricing is only one factor affecting our competitive position.
Electricity production depends solely on the availability of imported petroleum products.
Electricity production is just a useful byproduct.
Electricity production is measured at the terminals of all alternator sets in a station.
Electricity production is sufficient for Czech economy.
Electricity production is the primary use of coal in the United States.
Electricity production is to be more and more a commodities and financial management business.
Electricity rates are among the world' s highest.
Electricity rates are high and are going higher in the coming months.
Electricity rates soar.
Electricity rates vary from place to place.
Electricity retailing is a margin business.
Electricity sector meets Tushki project needs.
Electricity shortages mean that there is scope for power sector investment.
Electricity supplies are in the area.
Electricity supplies are irregular, scarce, and of low quality.
Electricity supplies continue to improve, encouraging industrial productivity gains.
Electricity supply is based from hydropower, while crude oil and petroleum products are imported.
Electricity supply is entirely reliant on diesel generators.
Electricity supply is reliable and there is a comfortable margin of excess power.
Electricity supply is unpredictable as there are insufficient funds to maintain the service.
Electricity systems are part of a huge interconnected grid, which extends into the United States.
Electricity transmission continues to be inefficient.
Electricity use is measured from the charge source.
Electricity use is measured in kilowatts per hour.
Electricity use is the foundation for much of our way of life.
Electricity use rises in the winter.
Electricity use varies from household to household, season, and other factors.
Electricity account no.
Electricity accounts for about one-third of the production price of aluminum.
Electricity accounts for one-third of the cost of producing aluminum.
Electricity acts differently than on Earth.
Electricity affects magnetism.
Electricity affects our personal, social and economic well-being.
Electricity allows many other nodes to exist.
Electricity allows students to experiment with electric current, voltage, resistance, and circuits.
Electricity also allows for a far more desirable type of motor.
Electricity also costs more in the summer because of the increased demand over winter usage.
Electricity also generates heat as it flows through most objects.
Electricity also needs diesel.
Electricity also needs to flow and requires a circuit to allow electrons to flow.
Electricity also powers modern life-saving medical equipment.
Electricity also powers the levers that help open and shut the elevator doors.
Electricity also travels through water.
Electricity appears also in the work.
Electricity appears in several different forms, one of which is static electricity.
Electricity appears to destroy most venoms.
Electricity arises between the positive and negative polarities.
Electricity arrives at our homes through wires from the places where it is made.
Electricity Be careful with electricity.
Electricity begins mostly at large dams and waterfalls, and some nuclear plants.
Electricity breaks down the water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen gases.
Electricity burns the tissues.
Electricity can be a potent fire source.
Electricity can be an intimidating concept for many because of the potential danger.
Electricity can be an issue.
Electricity can be dangerous .
Electricity can be dangerous for humans.
Electricity can be dangerous, especially in the damp conditions of a tent or in the open air.
Electricity can be dangerous.
Electricity can be on or off.
Electricity can be very dangerous.
Electricity can be very expensive during the summer because of air conditioning.
Electricity can cause cardiac arrest.
Electricity can cause severe injuries or even death, so take all possible precautions.
Electricity can come down a metal ladder at the speed of light.
Electricity can cost half as much in the U.S. as it does in other countries.
Electricity can damage nerves causing unconsciousness, paralysis, brain damage and other problems.
Electricity can drive complex devices from stereos to electron microscopes.
Electricity can electrocute people if they touch live wires.
Electricity can flow easily from one lead to the other.
Electricity can flow through a closed circuit.
Electricity can flow through metal or water to cause serious injury.
Electricity can flow through the water without heating it.
Electricity can form - without ice crystals.
Electricity can give the opener a shock.
Electricity can instantaneously destroy tissue.
Electricity can kill, pass any electrical work requirements to a qualified person.
Electricity can kill.
Electricity can make the holidays bright and festive.
Electricity can move around a circuit in two different ways.
Electricity can pass through objects, people and animals to reach the ground.
Electricity can power huge motors and can create heat.
Electricity can produce light and heat.
Electricity can produce magnetism, and magnetism can produce electricity.
Electricity can run appliances and illuminate light bulbs.
Electricity can then move through the undamaged part of the system without interruption.
Electricity can travel in either direction through a wire.
Electricity can travel through a wire .
Electricity can travel through a wire.
Electricity causes electrocutions.
Electricity comes and goes but phones have been working quite regularly.
Electricity comes from a diesel generator .
Electricity comes from a diesel generator.
Electricity comes from a place called a power plant.
Electricity comes from burn fuel.
Electricity comes from coal burning generators which produces far more emissions than natural gas.
Electricity comes from energy sources.
Electricity comes from fuel.
Electricity comes from many sources.
Electricity comes from multiple sources.
Electricity comes from power plants that burn coal or oil.
Electricity comes from renewable sources.
Electricity comes from sources.
Electricity comes from the local grid.
Electricity comes from the northwest power grid at competitive rates.
Electricity comes from the power company at a relatively low price, after all.
Electricity comes mainly from nuclear, hydro, and national coal.
Electricity comes through the wires in impulses.
Electricity comes to Roma.
Electricity coming off the grid is awfully low-maintenance.
Electricity conducts better in some materials because of electron mobility.
Electricity consists of the flow of electrons through a conductor such as an electric wire.
Electricity consists of the movement of negatively charged electrons.
Electricity consists of voltage.
Electricity consumed is payable from meter readings.
Electricity cooks our food, heats our homes, lights our way.
Electricity courses through the legs of the bird suit.
Electricity creates heat.
Electricity damages it normally.
Electricity deals with commercial and industrial electrical systems as well.
Electricity depends on power.
Electricity depends upon the flow of electrons.
Electricity determine out the touch if split georgia bulldogs apparel.
Electricity does always follow the rules.
Electricity does fluctuate, and some nasty zappy thingies can come over the telephone line as well.
Electricity does many good things, but it can be dangerous.
Electricity drives electric motors.
Electricity drives motors.
Electricity drives the telescope now.
Electricity easily runs through water, and charged water can be lethal.
Electricity enables the global real-time network for communication, finance, and trade.
Electricity energizes the plasma in the main chamber of the thruster.
Electricity entering the computer first goes into the power supply .
Electricity enters homes.
Electricity experiences several voltage changes enroute to an end-user.
Electricity fail within an blood thus lent onyx.
Electricity fails in many countries regularly.
Electricity features hands-on electrical circuits with flashlight bulbs, wires, and batteries.
Electricity fills the air as fans, buzzing with anticipation, file towards their seats.
Electricity flowing through a circuit is called a current.
Electricity flowing through the wire causes it to heat up.
Electricity flows again through each of the LEDs completing the circuit.
Electricity flows along copper or sometimes aluminum wiring that's inside the walls.
Electricity flows between two points of different electrical potential.
Electricity flows both ways.
Electricity flows directly through the needle to the acupuncture point.
Electricity flows from negative to positive.
Electricity flows from positive to negative terminal of a battery.
Electricity flows from power sources.
Electricity flows from sources.
Electricity flows from the positive end of the battery around the circuit to the negative end.
Electricity flows from the power source, in a loop or a circuit, back to the power source.
Electricity flows in a loop.
Electricity flows into resistors.
Electricity flows into the clock from a household circuit breaker.
Electricity flows just like water flows through water lines.
Electricity flows like water into the Bay Area.
Electricity flows like water.
Electricity flows more easily through some materials than others.
Electricity flows more easily through some materials than through others.
Electricity flows one direction then switches and flows the opposite way.
Electricity flows only when it completes a circuit.
Electricity flows only when the circuit is complete.
Electricity flows or moves through some things better than others do.
Electricity flows through a material carried by electrons, tiny charged particles inside atoms .
Electricity flows through a thin wire in the light bulb called the filament.
Electricity flows through an electric motor in a fan, causing the fan's blades to turn.
Electricity flows through any electric conducting material.
Electricity flows through bulbs.
Electricity flows through circuits.
Electricity flows through close circuits.
Electricity flows through conductors.
Electricity flows through materials.
Electricity flows through some materials very easily.
Electricity flows through some objects better than others.
Electricity flows through some substances more easily than others.
Electricity flows through some things better than others.
Electricity flows through the nerves in our bodies the same way electricity flows through a wire.
Electricity flows through the path.
Electricity flows through the tube when the light is turned on.
Electricity flows through tiny wire.
Electricity flows through wire.
Electricity flows to bulbs.
Electricity flows to the follicle through the probe .
Electricity flows to the follicle through the probe.
Electricity flows when a battery is connected to an object like a watch, toy, or flashlight.
Electricity flows when a circuit is complete.
Electricity follows a year later.
Electricity follows paths.
Electricity follows the easiest path to the ground.
Electricity generated by large wind turbines is competitive with natural gas generation.
Electricity generated by the fuel cell is used to power an electric motor that drives the vehicle.
Electricity generated from small hydropower plants is fed into the national electricity grid.
Electricity generates energy.
Electricity generates heat.
Electricity give off shot.
Electricity gives light and makes power to run all kinds of materials.
Electricity gives lighting and a razor point.
Electricity gives the buses power to climb steep hills.
Electricity goes from the generator to the electric motors under engine.
Electricity goes in, runs around turning switches on and off, and information comes out.
Electricity goes out periodically.
Electricity goes out.
Electricity goes through it more easily because it is shorter.
Electricity going through the heart makes the cells contract .
Electricity going through the heart makes the cells contract.
Electricity grows in the area of focus and drops in other areas.
Electricity has a long history of therapeutic use in medicine.
Electricity has a wicking effect on copper that draws corrosion in.
Electricity has advantage.
Electricity has characteristics.
Electricity has charge.
Electricity has effects.
Electricity has impact.
Electricity has limit ranges.
Electricity has little to do with common sense.
Electricity has noticeable effects.
Electricity has ranges.
Electricity has the ability to do work.
Electricity has the potential to injure and kill.
Electricity has the same problem.
Electricity has to be paid separately.
Electricity has to travel over miles of transmission lines to reach America's cities.
Electricity heats a wire in the absence of oxygen, causing it to glow white hot.
Electricity heats the gases to re-entry temperatures.
Electricity help past a train still connect southern california car dealer.
Electricity helps make living and working in the home easy, safe and fun - every day.
Electricity here is a precious commodity.
Electricity hits out of the blue.
Electricity includes hydro generation and imports from other states.
Electricity is a bargain.
Electricity is a basic building block of economic growth.
Electricity is a basic element of life.
Electricity is a basic glue which holds atoms, our bodies and our worlds together.
Electricity is a basic infrastructure.
Electricity is a basic part of nature and it is one of our most widely used forms of energy.
Electricity is a big part of our lives.
Electricity is a bit more complicated.
Electricity is a blessing.
Electricity is a case in point.
Electricity is a commodity.
Electricity is a complex beast.
Electricity is a difficult substance to appreciate with the human senses.
Electricity is a flow of charge.
Electricity is a flow of electrons moving in the same direction.
Electricity is a flow of electrons.
Electricity is a flow of negatively charged electrons.
Electricity is a force of nature and it is used in man's daily life, in every field of energy.
Electricity is a form of energy as a result of electrons and positive ions separating.
Electricity is a form of energy that starts with atoms.
Electricity is a form of energy that travels in a circuit.
Electricity is a form of energy.
Electricity is a form of nuclear energy.
Electricity is a form of power.
Electricity is a fundamental force of nature, analogous to gravity.
Electricity is a fundamental part of our daily modern lives.
Electricity is a funny thing.
Electricity is a generic product and brand loyalty has little, if any, impact.
Electricity is a good example.
Electricity is a great power source to make our daily lives better.
Electricity is a hazard.
Electricity is a highly political substance.
Electricity is a huge problem.
Electricity is a key element in the development of industrialised nations.
Electricity is a key to survival.
Electricity is a kind of energy, and so is heat.
Electricity is a kinetic energy.
Electricity is a luxury in many parts of the world.
Electricity is a luxury.
Electricity is a major cause of building fires.
Electricity is a marvelous marvelous thing.
Electricity is a mighty force that's fun to learn about.
Electricity is a movement of charge.
Electricity is a moving stream of electrical charges.
Electricity is a much tougher issue, with much greater capital investments at stake.
Electricity is a nasty thing.
Electricity is a necessity of life.
Electricity is a necessity of modern life.
Electricity is a necessity to modern civilization.
Electricity is a non-tradeable good, so it has to be supplied domestically.
Electricity is a normal thing, as normal as the outages during thunderstorms.
Electricity is a particular concern.
Electricity is a physical phenomena involving positive and negative charge.
Electricity is a physical phenomenon
Electricity is a powerful energy source.
Electricity is a powerful force in all our lives.
Electricity is a powerful force.
Electricity is a secondary energy source.
Electricity is a type of energy that can build up in one place or flow from one place to another.
Electricity is a unique commodity, they say.
Electricity is a unique commodity.
Electricity is a useful convenience that enhances our lives and homes.
Electricity is a very dangerous and deadly product.
Electricity is a very dangerous thing.
Electricity is a very powerful form of energy that travels in a path called a circuit.
Electricity is a very useful form of energy.
Electricity is a vital commodity in a vulnerable market.
Electricity is a vital product to sustain our quality of life and economy.
Electricity is a vital utility.
Electricity is a wonderful, useful thing.
Electricity is a wonderfully versatile form of energy.
Electricity is able to pass through electrolytes, as well as molten salts.
Electricity is about one-third the production price of aluminum.
Electricity is accessible.
Electricity is actually a flow of charged particles, such as electrons, protons, or ions.
Electricity is actually the flow or movement of electrons through a material.
Electricity is all solar, water is caught from the roof and filtered.
Electricity is almost always the responsibility of the tenant.
Electricity is almost as fundamental to our industrial society as air and water.
Electricity is already lower priced than in most places.
Electricity is also a lot less expensive than gasoline.
Electricity is also a problem.
Electricity is also available for use.
Electricity is also of paramount importance for the sexual life, and thus for the reproduction.
Electricity is also relatively easy to distribute.
Electricity is also very powerful and can be dangerous if used improperly.
Electricity is always a danger for children.
Electricity is an earlier example and parallel in American history.
Electricity is an essential component of modern life.
Electricity is an essential product.
Electricity is an essential service, says Cody.
Electricity is an essential service.
Electricity is an essential source of energy on farms.
Electricity is an event.
Electricity is an excellent source of energy that is safe for the atmosphere.
Electricity is an extremely inefficient form of heating.
Electricity is an extremely powerful tool.
Electricity is an extremely simple phenomenon.
Electricity is an important part of our everyday lives.
Electricity is an integral component of our modern economy.
Electricity is an on-demand commodity.
Electricity is applied to the base of the light bulb and forced through the filament.
Electricity is applied to the needles until the area to be cut has no more feeling.
Electricity is at house next door.
Electricity is at the property.
Electricity is at the road and rural water is nearby.
Electricity is at the road.
Electricity is at the root of American culture.
Electricity is available , and there is also additional acreage available .
Electricity is available and parking is ample.
Electricity is available and the cottage is serviced every morning.
Electricity is available as well as Free parking.
Electricity is available at all berths.
Electricity is available at all campsites.
Electricity is available at all the lots.
Electricity is available at an additional charge.
Electricity is available at both sites.
Electricity is available at most sites along the mountain ridge.
Electricity is available at points to run equipment like fridges and recharge underwater lights etc.
Electricity is available at select sites.
Electricity is available at several points in the exhibition centre.
Electricity is available at some campsites.
Electricity is available at some shows.
Electricity is available at the flip of a switch.
Electricity is available at the north shelter only.
Electricity is available at the site.
Electricity is available but there is no running water.
Electricity is available for a small extra charge.
Electricity is available for a small fee for all inside exhibit spaces.
Electricity is available for each space at no extra cost.
Electricity is available for some vendors.
Electricity is available here and there.
Electricity is available if needed.
Electricity is available if requested in advance.
Electricity is available in all but the most remote areas.
Electricity is available in Kabul.
Electricity is available in many places, but clean water is generally lacking.
Electricity is available in most places, but clean water is generally lacking.
Electricity is available in only a few urban areas.
Electricity is available in some areas of the exhibition hall by request.
Electricity is available in some areas.
Electricity is available most of the day.
Electricity is available nearby and gas line is being laid.
Electricity is available on a limited basis at no extra charge.
Electricity is available only in the booths along the side walls.
Electricity is available only in the kitchen cabin.
Electricity is available to all municipalities.
Electricity is available to many of the areas.
Electricity is available, a desk, chair and light are inside.
Electricity is available, and there is also additional acreage available .
Electricity is available, but expensive.
Electricity is available.
Electricity is billed separately.
Electricity is billed through a local electricity company.
Electricity is billed to the user at cost.
Electricity is blocked from flowing through a diode in the other direction.
Electricity is both inexpensive and environmentally safe.
Electricity is built up and then discharged by a spark.
Electricity is by coin meter in most flats.
Electricity is by coin meter.
Electricity is by generator.
Electricity is by meter reading.
Electricity is by power plant.
Electricity is by pre payment card meter and costs are shared by the occupants of the flat.
Electricity is by pre-payment card meter and costs are shared by the occupants of the flat.
Electricity is capable of shocks.
Electricity is carried from the electrodes through the skin and blocks the pain.
Electricity is carried to appliances and machines by wires concealed in walls, floors, and ceilings.
Electricity is carried to the motor by thin wires approximately the size of a human hair.
Electricity is caused by flowing electrons.
Electricity is caused by the movement of electric particles in matter.
Electricity is caused by tiny particles with negative charges, called electrons.
Electricity is charged at cost on a meter reading, on arrival and departure.
Electricity is charged at cost.
Electricity is charged by meter reading.
Electricity is charged from a meter reading.
Electricity is charged on meter reading.
Electricity is charged separately at the end of the week.
Electricity is cheap.
Electricity is clearly on the path toward commoditization.
Electricity is composed of electrons as rain is composed of water drops .
Electricity is conducted because the ions are free to move through the solution.
Electricity is conducted by copper far better than aluminium.
Electricity is conducted by electrons which can hop from one site to the other.
Electricity is conducted in a crystal by electrons that are relatively free.
Electricity is conducted through some things better than others do.
Electricity is conducted through the body and measured.
Electricity is conducted through the passage of electrically charged ions or atoms.
Electricity is conducted whenever charge moves from one place to another.
Electricity is connected to the site and a bore hole for water.
Electricity is connected.
Electricity is consumed to produce oxygen from air.
Electricity is convenient and widely used.
Electricity is created at hundreds of generation plants across the country.
Electricity is created by generators.
Electricity is created inside a power plant.
Electricity is created when electrons move between atoms.
Electricity is created when ions are available within a solution to carry an electrical charge.
Electricity is created when the rotor inside a generator rotates.
Electricity is crucial.
Electricity is current.
Electricity is currently the dominating issue in Sacramento.
Electricity is cut off for hours each day.
Electricity is cut off in the camp at six in the morning.
Electricity is dangerous , having at least a basic understanding is a good thing.
Electricity is dangerous.
Electricity is delivered to homes and businesses principally by two major transmission lines.
Electricity is delivered to the customer through the distribution system.
Electricity is delivered to the element and the core heats up.
Electricity is derived from thermal and hydroelectric sources.
Electricity is distributed on a grid system.
Electricity is distributed through regional pools that buy and sell power from dozens of suppliers.
Electricity is easy to make in other ways.
Electricity is economical and relaiable.
Electricity is electricity, regardless of how it's generated or who generates it.
Electricity is electricity.
Electricity is electrons in motion.
Electricity is emitted over the same probe as is used for point searching.
Electricity is energy.
Electricity is energy.
Electricity is essential for significant economic growth.
Electricity is essential to modern life, both at home and on the job.
Electricity is essential to supporting human life in space.
Electricity is essential.
Electricity is even more indispensable in the new economy.
Electricity is even more well timed than airplanes.
Electricity is everywhere.
Electricity is expensive and is often uncleanly generated.
Electricity is expensive.
Electricity is expressed magnetism, magnetism is folded electricity.
Electricity is extra, by meter reading on arrival and departure.
Electricity is extra, charged at cost.
Electricity is extra.
Electricity is extremely cheap.
Electricity is fast and ephemeral.
Electricity is fast, but light is even faster.
Electricity is formed.
Electricity is forms of energy.
Electricity is free and EVs pay the same price to park as any other vehicle.
Electricity is from a metered supply and is charged at the current rate.
Electricity is from solar photovoltaic cells.
Electricity is furnished.
Electricity is generally reliable, although many businesses have their own backup generators.
Electricity is generated at the centre from a diesel engine or a hydro-electric scheme.
Electricity is generated by batteries.
Electricity is generated by capturing waste heat from natural gas compressor station's turbines.
Electricity is generated by photovoltaic power stations.
Electricity is generated by power stations.
Electricity is generated by power.
Electricity is generated by solar energy and waste is treated using biodigestors.
Electricity is generated by solar panels and stored in batteries .
Electricity is generated by solar panels and stored in batteries.
Electricity is generated by sophisticated diesel engines.
Electricity is generated by stations.
Electricity is generated by the creek from a hydraulic turbine.
Electricity is generated by the sun, with timers and sensors to maximize efficiency.
Electricity is generated by thermal power.
Electricity is generated by, among other things, processed sewage.
Electricity is generated during the evening hours and oil lamps are provided in each cabin as well.
Electricity is generated from dusk to an early lights-out.
Electricity is generated in thermal plants using imported petroleum.
Electricity is generated mainly by hydroelectric and thermal power stations.
Electricity is generated quietly with no moving parts.
Electricity is generated through solar panels for basic lighting and other essential power needs.
Electricity is generated when the heated fluid drives turbines or other machinery.
Electricity is generated when the wind blows.
Electricity is generated with a significant reduction in fuel consumption.
Electricity is gone.
Electricity is haphazard at best.
Electricity is in short supply, with only a few hours per day in the provinces.
Electricity is inanimate objects.
Electricity is included in price.
Electricity is included in rent and all linen is provided.
Electricity is included in the charge.
Electricity is included in the hire charge and there is a car parking space nearby.
Electricity is included in the monthly rental rate.
Electricity is included in the price.
Electricity is included in the rent.
Electricity is included in the rental.
Electricity is included within the rental cost.
Electricity is included.
Electricity is indispensable to our life.
Electricity is information.
Electricity is intermittent and food is homemade.
Electricity is intermittent at best.
Electricity is introduced, illuminating areas like the student dining hall.
Electricity is invisible, but it is a source of vast power.
Electricity is invisible, intangible.
Electricity is invisible.
Electricity is irregular and conditions at hospitals are becoming increas-ingly unsanitary.
Electricity is itself a form of fire.
Electricity is just a part of the story.
Electricity is just as essential as oxygen.
Electricity is just one aspect.
Electricity is life-giving.
Electricity is light.
Electricity is like air for the business traveler.
Electricity is like that.
Electricity is like the fluid.
Electricity is limited to use of generators, mostly at the villages.
Electricity is limited, so all cooking is done on small wood-burning stoves.
Electricity is limited.
Electricity is listed on the monthly billing statement for Colorado and Gateway.
Electricity is located in basements.
Electricity is located in bedrooms.
Electricity is located in buildings.
Electricity is located in churchs.
Electricity is located in concerts.
Electricity is located in operas.
Electricity is located in rest areas.
Electricity is located in rooms.
Electricity is located in toy stores.
Electricity is made in another place.
Electricity is made in power stations by burning coal, oil and gas.
Electricity is made in power stations.
Electricity is made of electrons.
Electricity is made of electrons.
Electricity is made of matter and all matter is made of atoms.
Electricity is made on a large scale in a power generating plant.
Electricity is made or generated.
Electricity is made up of electrons, a fundamental part of the atom.
Electricity is made, or generated, at power plants.
Electricity is madwort and provides all motive power.
Electricity is mainly thermal, with some hydropower.
Electricity is measured by kilowatt- hours.
Electricity is measured by kilowatt-hours.
Electricity is measured in kilowatt-hours.
Electricity is measured in kilowatts.
Electricity is measured in units of power called watts.
Electricity is metered and charged at the end of each term.
Electricity is metered and paid at end month.
Electricity is metered and paid directly to the local caretaker.
Electricity is metered.
Electricity is modern life.
Electricity is more a nightly treat than a convenience.
Electricity is more expensive abroad.
Electricity is more reliable.
Electricity is much more prevalent in the south.
Electricity is nearby.
Electricity is necessary to operate the restaurant, shops and work buildings.
Electricity is necessary.
Electricity is needed for processing bauxite.
Electricity is needed in one place.
Electricity is needed to light homes, barns, and operate cooling systems for poultry.
Electricity is needed to run lights, computers, mechanical valves and machinery.
Electricity is needed to run pumps and treatment plants.
Electricity is needed, plus wiring and fixtures.
Electricity is nice, but electricity is also overrated.
Electricity is no additional charge, but have plenty of cord available.
Electricity is no longer as reliable as a California sunset.
Electricity is nothing but energy.
Electricity is nothing more than free electrons moving from atom to atom through a material.
Electricity is nothing to take lightly.
Electricity is now being deregulated, so the generators of electric power can now compete.
Electricity is of profound supply here.
Electricity is off in the cities for several days each week.
Electricity is on a coin meter.
Electricity is on again, off again, and it's always handy to have a flashlight or candle.
Electricity is on and the resort has full power.
Electricity is on site.
Electricity is on the lot.
Electricity is on the property and already approved for a septic system.
Electricity is on the property.
Electricity is on.
Electricity is one of the aluminum industry's largest expenses.
Electricity is one of the basic forms of energy.
Electricity is one of the fastest growing energy carriers within the developing world.
Electricity is one of the most dynamic and widespread energy sources in the hemisphere.
Electricity is one of the most important forms of energy in our world today.
Electricity is one of the most outstanding values available today .
Electricity is one of the throust area.
Electricity is one our most important sources.
Electricity is one pole down the road.
Electricity is one such service, which is essential for all residents of New York.
Electricity is only available for a few hours each day while the hospital generators are running.
Electricity is only available in urban areas, and then for only a couple of hours per day.
Electricity is operated by photovoltaics.
Electricity is our best illustration of universal life.
Electricity is our cheapest form of energy, apart from domestic solar.
Electricity is our largest energy cost.
Electricity is our most familiar source of energy.
Electricity is out for a week.
Electricity is out throughout much of the township.
Electricity is overrated.
Electricity is paid by the student and the cost varies with personal use.
Electricity is paid by the tenant.
Electricity is paid for according to meter readings.
Electricity is passed through the copper to magnetize the core.
Electricity is passed through the wire and then focused by magnets onto the sample.
Electricity is physical phenomenons.
Electricity is poised to become the dominant form of energy in the next millennium.
Electricity is potentially dangerous.
Electricity is potentially the most dangerous commodity in general use by the public today.
Electricity is power.
Electricity is practically non-existent.
Electricity is precious.
Electricity is preferred.
Electricity is pretty magic stuff.
Electricity is priced in pence per unit.
Electricity is produced and sent in power wires to where it is needed.
Electricity is produced as the aluminum oxidizes.
Electricity is produced as the magnets of the rotors spin past the stationary wiring of the stator.
Electricity is produced as the rotors spin past the stationary wiring.
Electricity is produced at the same time as the dam fills orders for downstream customers.
Electricity is produced by a device called a turbine.
Electricity is produced by an on-site generator and is available all night.
Electricity is produced by burning coal, which heats water to make steam.
Electricity is produced by conversions.
Electricity is produced by dynamos.
Electricity is produced by modified muscle cells.
Electricity is produced by thermal, hydroelectric, and a minority of nuclear power plants.
Electricity is produced by thunderstorms.
Electricity is produced by turning water to steam that is fed to turbines .
Electricity is produced by wind and solar energy.
Electricity is produced from a power source.
Electricity is produced from a variety of energy sources.
Electricity is produced from solar panels and methane powered generators.
Electricity is produced from the energy in water flowing from a high level to a lower level.
Electricity is produced from the energy locked within the nucleus of an atom.
Electricity is produced in a generating plant .
Electricity is produced in the wall socket.
Electricity is produced in three major ways.
Electricity is produced thermally by private firms and mining companies.
Electricity is produced when a magnetic field moves past a coiled wire.
Electricity is produced, without combustion, and is used to power the vehicle.
Electricity is prominent where guitars and keyboards are involved.
Electricity is provided along with a fridge.
Electricity is provided at all sites.
Electricity is provided at cost.
Electricity is provided by a small gas generator.
Electricity is provided by a sophisticated solar energy system and a wind powered generator.
Electricity is provided by conventional hook-up to the local community.
Electricity is provided by generators in each camp.
Electricity is provided by ordinary wall current from a local utility company.
Electricity is provided by pre-payment meter.
Electricity is provided by solar power and used for lightning, refrigeration and water pressure.
Electricity is provided by solar power as also is the hot water.
Electricity is provided by solar power.
Electricity is provided by the Imperial Irrigation District.
Electricity is provided by the local government service, and they pay for the monthly bills.
Electricity is provided by the national grid.
Electricity is provided by the parastatal utility Electra.
Electricity is provided by three fuel cells.
Electricity is provided during sound permit times or by request for non-music purposes.
Electricity is provided for all hangars.
Electricity is provided free of charge.
Electricity is provided mainly by a wind generator augmented by solar batteries.
Electricity is provided mainly by wind generators with petrol generators providing a backup.
Electricity is provided only with a reservation.
Electricity is provided to the cabin and water is at the site.
Electricity is provided to the campus from two sources.
Electricity is provided, but no waterborne facilities are available.
Electricity is provided.
Electricity is rationed to two hours use per day.
Electricity is readily available - just raise tent pole toward sky.
Electricity is readily available at both roads.
Electricity is really the movement of electrons.
Electricity is related to magnetism.
Electricity is related to the concept of charge.
Electricity is released as the stored energy is consumed.
Electricity is reliable and abundant, and is cheaper than in most North American jurisdictions.
Electricity is required to circulate cooling water.
Electricity is required to operate irrigation equipment.
Electricity is required to operate the three attached spotlights.
Electricity is required.
Electricity is restored.
Electricity is right on the border of the land.
Electricity is routed via wires and switches to run a motor or to charge batteries.
Electricity is run through the gel in order to exert pressure on the DNA molecules.
Electricity is safe and convenient when used correctly.
Electricity is safe, clean, comfortable, and most of all, economical.
Electricity is scarce on the mission compound.
Electricity is scarce, education is poor, and health is even worse.
Electricity is scarce, with generators at only the hospital and some relief agency compounds.
Electricity is self-generated and scarce.
Electricity is sent on wires.
Electricity is short.
Electricity is shuttled farther and faster than ever before.
Electricity is simply electrons traveling through a wire.
Electricity is simply hundreds of tiny little people running through wires and cables.
Electricity is solar powered and recycled.
Electricity is solar supplying American and Fiji power with NO generator noise.
Electricity is solar supplying American and Fiji power.
Electricity is sold by means of market hourly clearing prices for specified amounts of electricity.
Electricity is sometimes optional.
Electricity is soon to be released, too.
Electricity is sporadic at best.
Electricity is sporadic, at best.
Electricity is sporadic, even in parts of the capital.
Electricity is spotty, a legacy of the Tito regime.
Electricity is stable, water supplied by city.
Electricity is still a problem, computers connected to power strips all over the lab.
Electricity is still out across the island.
Electricity is still over a mile up the road but has slowly moved closer.
Electricity is superbly convenient.
Electricity is supplied across the province at the same rate.
Electricity is supplied by a generator in the evening hours.
Electricity is supplied by local rural electric cooperatives.
Electricity is supplied by our generators.
Electricity is supplied by the local electric company.
Electricity is supplied by the local utility and the boiler fuel being used is propane.
Electricity is supplied country wide and exported to neighboring countries.
Electricity is supplied free.
Electricity is supplied in the usual way but the network is de-energised in all apartments.
Electricity is supplied on subsidised rates to the agriculture sector.
Electricity is supplied through card-meters and paid for separately.
Electricity is supplied to the heart by an electrical coil implanted beneath the patient's skin.
Electricity is supplied to the pavement.
Electricity is supplied to the ranch along with telephone.
Electricity is symbolic.
Electricity is tangible personal property and is characterized as such in the law.
Electricity is tempermental around here.
Electricity is the cleanest and most efficient energy source .
Electricity is the cleanest yet most expensive.
Electricity is the cleanest, most efficient source of energy in commercial use.
Electricity is the currency of the digital age.
Electricity is the economic lifelines.
Electricity is the equal opportunity medium that brings diverse energy sources to market.
Electricity is the flow of charge.
Electricity is the flow of electrons from one point to another.
Electricity is the flow of electrons in wires.
Electricity is the flow of electrons through a conductive material.
Electricity is the flow of electrons.
Electricity is the flow of energy along a wire or through a conductor.
Electricity is the flow of negatively-charged particles.
Electricity is the generative force.
Electricity is the invisible glue that holds techno music together.
Electricity is the key.
Electricity is the kinetic energy of flowing electrons between atoms.
Electricity is the largest cost input in the process of making that grade of paper.
Electricity is the largest energy source in most facilities.
Electricity is the largest single energy expense for dairy operators.
Electricity is the life blood of the modern economy.
Electricity is the lifeblood of the information economy.
Electricity is the lifeblood our economy.
Electricity is the main use.
Electricity is the most common energy source, and it is very powerful.
Electricity is the most common type of energy used to run machinery.
Electricity is the most expensive option for pool heating.
Electricity is the most versatile energy source.
Electricity is the movement of charge back and forth.
Electricity is the movement of electrons.
Electricity is the new blood of the nation.
Electricity is the new common language.
Electricity is the newest luxury.
Electricity is the only utility available.
Electricity is the only utility required for operation of the cooler.
Electricity is the oxygen of the Internet.
Electricity is the passing of energy from one electron to another down wires from a power-station.
Electricity is the power force of the universe.
Electricity is the predominant form of heating fuel, followed by natural gas.
Electricity is the principal force that powers modern society.
Electricity is the pulse of modern society.
Electricity is the safest, cleanest and most cost-efficient fuel available.
Electricity is the same as lightning.
Electricity is the science of studying the flow of electrical currents.
Electricity is the science which pertains to electric charges and currents.
Electricity is the second most common heat source.
Electricity is the top driver for energy use.
Electricity is the type of energy that is invisible.
Electricity is there inside physical matter.
Electricity is to blame.
Electricity is to the property.
Electricity is too important to be a private commodity manipulated by greedy companies.
Electricity is too important.
Electricity is too vital to be surrendered to the caprice of the marketplace.
Electricity is transmitted over long distances via high voltage power lines.
Electricity is universally available.
Electricity is used by appliances.
Electricity is used by large appliances.
Electricity is used by urban heavy and light rail mass transit systems and in some rail corridors.
Electricity is used for lighting and heating or cooling of our homes.
Electricity is used for many hours in the day from a standard power point.
Electricity is used for navigation and capturing prey.
Electricity is used for warm food.
Electricity is used in many different ways, all of which can become far more efficient .
Electricity is used instead.
Electricity is used to both pump the fluid through the cycle and blow the cooled air into the home.
Electricity is used to energize the crystals so they allow more or less light through.
Electricity is used to fuse the modified cell and the oocyte.
Electricity is used to generate oxygen and hydrogen from water.
Electricity is used to heat the tanks, drive grinders and polishers, and ventilate the shops.
Electricity is used to illuminate cells of inert gas stored in the display panel.
Electricity is used to power equipment, as well as to light facilities.
Electricity is used to power mechanical and computer equipment in buildings.
Electricity is used to power their vehicle.
Electricity is used to produce light, heat, power, etc.
Electricity is used to run compressors of various types.
Electricity is used very widely.
Electricity is useful both in itself and as a means of transferring energy over long distances.
Electricity is useful but dangerous.
Electricity is useful, but dangerous.
Electricity is usually available free of charge.
Electricity is usually the biggest utility expense.
Electricity is very close.
Electricity is very closeby.
Electricity is very dangerous and deadly.
Electricity is very expensive.
Electricity is very limited.
Electricity is very useful because it can be converted into many kinds of energy.
Electricity is very useful, but it is also be very powerful.
Electricity is vibrations or radiation.
Electricity is vital to the lives of everyone in New Mexico.
Electricity is vital to the quality of life in the Carolinas.
Electricity is vital to the state s economy and to the basic needs of Missouri customers.
Electricity is widespread, indeed, partly due to government rural electrification programs.
Electricity is, of course, a necessity.
Electricity is, similarly, an energy.
Electricity isa phenomenon.
Electricity keeps fading and generally stays at candle level.
Electricity keeps our stores open, factories running, and payrolls being made.
Electricity keeps the smoke in.
Electricity known across no foot indeed pick archery scope.
Electricity leaves the plant along high voltage transmission lines mounted on towers or tall poles.
Electricity leaves the power plant and is sent over high power transmission lines on tall towers.
Electricity looms large.
Electricity made by nuclear power plants is called nuclear power .
Electricity made by nuclear power plants is called nuclear power.
Electricity makes a thin wire in a light bulb so hot that it glows.
Electricity makes many things possible in our daily lives.
Electricity makes no judgement.
Electricity makes our lives more comfortable, more productive and more enjoyable.
Electricity makes porous silicon glow.
Electricity makes the gas release invisible u ltraviolet energy.
Electricity makes up the second source of home heating, but on a scale of half that of natural gas.
Electricity means electrical energy obtained from power stations and used in transport.
Electricity means electrical energy obtained from power stations n.a.
Electricity measures in volts.
Electricity measures in watts.
Electricity moves faster in space.
Electricity moves from places.
Electricity moves through nanowires very differently from ordinary electrical wires.
Electricity moves through the wires very fast.
Electricity moves well through wires and water.
Electricity naturally flows from the source of generation to the nearest user.
Electricity naturally moves through the easiest path it can find.
Electricity needs in rural North Korea are extremely high, says Nautilus.
Electricity now provides a healthy and safer method of lighting.
Electricity now represents a significant export industry for Victoria.
Electricity obeys the laws of physics.
Electricity occasionally can travel through phone lines.
Electricity occurs in a natural state as lightning and in the form of static electricity.
Electricity only runs at certain times during the day.
Electricity only runs at certain times of the day. .
Electricity only runs at certain times of the day.
Electricity passes along the wires when the telegraph key is depressed, completing the circuit.
Electricity passes first through one component first then the next one.
Electricity passes through a magnetron tube to produce microwaves.
Electricity passes through gases.
Electricity passes through wire.
Electricity passing through a coil of wires creates a magnetic force.
Electricity plays a central role in the supply of energy.
Electricity plays a major role in our everyday life.
Electricity plays a major role in the development process.
Electricity plays a very important role in our daily life.
Electricity plays a vital role in every swimming pool and spa system.
Electricity plays a vital role in the set-up and maintaining of computer systems.
Electricity plays an important role in every business.
Electricity plays no role in neural transmission process.
Electricity plays such a large role in our day to day lives.
Electricity powers an electronic control panel, which posts the time.
Electricity powers everything from coffee makers to computers.
Electricity powers motors.
Electricity powers our schools and our homes.
Electricity powers our televisions, video games, computers, cooks our food and plays our music.
Electricity powers our world and our bodies.
Electricity produced by commercial nuclear power reactors is clean power.
Electricity produced in the skies comes down in an often disastrous manner.
Electricity produces forces.
Electricity produces heat, heat produces electricity.
Electricity produces heat.
Electricity produces light, heat and sound.
Electricity produces light.
Electricity produces magnetic forces.
Electricity produces two types of fields.
Electricity provides comfort, safety, entertainment, and productivity for our society.
Electricity provides the nerves, muscles and even eyes which make our world function.
Electricity provides the remainder with only minor amounts of oil consumed.
Electricity reaches all townships and most Yugur homes.
Electricity really is a bargain.
Electricity relates to charge.
Electricity remains a mystery.
Electricity repels the same kind and attracts the opposite kind of electricity.
Electricity requires special rubber gloves with insulated liners.
Electricity requires the movement of electrical charges.
Electricity results from the electrical charges of sub-atomic particles.
Electricity runs across property.
Electricity runs along the back side of the property and the north side to the dock area.
Electricity runs at only certain times of the day.
Electricity runs down the tower through cables.
Electricity runs through a tungsten filament that glows and produces a soft, warm light.
Electricity runs through the filament.
Electricity runs through the property.
Electricity seems destined to play a most important part in the arts and industries.
Electricity seems destined to play a most important part in the arts and industry.
Electricity seems to have produced that kind of change in almost every field.
Electricity sell until all rear neither ridden chicago bull championship.
Electricity sells for one million dollars per megawatt.
Electricity serves the farm sector well.
Electricity sold for residential purposes is subject to the electric power tax.
Electricity starts at a particular place, travels around the circuit and returns to the same place.
Electricity starts at a particular place, travels around the circuit, and returns to the same place.
Electricity still takes time to travel between electronics components.
Electricity stored in a battery is an example of electrical potential energy.
Electricity surround over the brook until cheat bellsouth telecommunication.
Electricity surrounds the globe in a single mesh.
Electricity takes paths.
Electricity tends to be provided by a single company in each geographical area.
Electricity then travels on overhead or underground distribution wires to neighborhoods.
Electricity traveling in reverse is called back feeding .
Electricity travels a foot in a nanosecond.
Electricity travels at the speed of light.
Electricity travels at the speed of sound.
Electricity travels best through conductors .
Electricity travels in a circuit.
Electricity travels in a path called a circuit.
Electricity travels in circuits.
Electricity travels in closed circuits, normally through a conductor.
Electricity travels in currents.
Electricity travels more evenly over the entire cross section of the conductor.
Electricity travels through a path called an electric circuit.
Electricity travels through either analog or digital signals.
Electricity travels with higher strength through higher density knot wood than through clear wood.
Electricity travelss through wire.
Electricity triggers energy.
Electricity triggers explosive energy.
Electricity triggers the movement in the diaphragm, acting as a cone, but just flat.
Electricity used in a mobile trailer maintained for actors is taxable.
Electricity uses effects.
Electricity uses hydroelectric power.
Electricity uses in homes.
Electricity uses power.
Electricity uses several strategies to teach kids.
Electricity uses, new sources of thermal energy, electric vehicles and snow related items.
Electricity wants to flow from a higher voltage to a lower voltage.
Electricity wis the dangerous stuff inside the broon bakelite plugs at hame.
Electricity works because electric charges push and pull on each other.
Electricity works best when the root is moist as opposed to keritanized.
Electricity works like the human body.
Electricity works the same way.
Electricity always behaves in a prescribed and uniform manner.
Electricity always seeks every available path to ground through conductors.
Electricity always takes the shortest way to the ground.
Electricity always tries to reach the ground.
Electricity often leaves entry and exit burns.
Electricity usually flows through conductors.
All electricity can be dangerous.
All electricity currently produced in Norway comes from hydropower, and hence is emission free.
All electricity has some dangers even a battery can cause a fire in the wrong circumstances.
All electricity is charged by prepayment meter.
All electricity is generated by solar panels.
All electricity is included and there is unlimited hot water.
All electricity is included in the above rates, also central heating during the winter months.
All electricity is turned off.
Most electricity affects magnetism.
Most electricity comes from burn fuel.
Most electricity comes from burning fossil fuels.
Most electricity comes from coal, nuclear reactors, and large hydropower facilities.
Most electricity comes from coal-burning power plants.
Most electricity comes from energy sources.
Most electricity comes from fuel.
Most electricity comes from multiple sources.
Most electricity comes from renewable sources.
Most electricity comes from sources.
Most electricity comes from the burning of fossil fuels like coal, oil and gas.
Most electricity consists of voltage.
Most electricity creates heat.
Most electricity depends on power.
Most electricity drives electric motors.
Most electricity enters homes.
Most electricity flows from power sources.
Most electricity flows from sources.
Most electricity flows into resistors.
Most electricity flows through bulbs.
Most electricity flows through circuits.
Most electricity flows through close circuits.
Most electricity flows through conductors.
Most electricity flows through materials.
Most electricity flows through tiny wire.
Most electricity flows through wire.
Most electricity flows to bulbs.
Most electricity follows paths.
Most electricity generates energy.
Most electricity generates heat.
Most electricity has advantage.
Most electricity has characteristics.
Most electricity has effects.
Most electricity has impact.
Most electricity has limit ranges.
Most electricity has noticeable effects.
Most electricity has ranges.
Most electricity is created with a turbine generator.
Most electricity is derived from hydroelectric power and coal.
Most electricity is generated by batteries.
Most electricity is generated by burning coal, gas or oil.
Most electricity is generated by burning fossil fuels like coal and oil.
Most electricity is generated by burning fossil fuels.
Most electricity is generated by photovoltaic power stations.
Most electricity is generated by power stations.
Most electricity is generated by power.
Most electricity is generated by stations.
Most electricity is generated by thermal power.
Most electricity is made by burning fossil fuels like coal, gas or oil.
Most electricity is nuclear from two RBMK, i.e. Chernobyl type, reactors.
Most electricity is produced by burning fossil fuels such as coal or gas.
Most electricity is produced by conversions.
Most electricity is produced by small diesel generators.
Most electricity is produced by thunderstorms.
Most electricity is produced by utilities that are government-regulated monopolies.
Most electricity is produced using fossil fuels, such as coal, oil or natural gas.
Most electricity is routed manually.
Most electricity is used by appliances.
Most electricity is used by large appliances.
Most electricity passes through gases.
Most electricity passes through wire.
Most electricity produces forces.
Most electricity produces heat.
Most electricity produces light.
Most electricity produces magnetic forces.
Most electricity relates to charge.
Most electricity takes paths.
Most electricity travels from power plants along overhead wires called transmission lines.
Most electricity used in Australia is produced at power plants.
Most electricity uses effects.
Most electricity uses hydroelectric power.
Most electricity uses in homes.
Most electricity uses power.
Much electricity is sent out of state under perfectly proper, long-term arrangements.
Some electricity also comes from large hydroelectric dams.
Some electricity attracts paper.
Some electricity becomes life.
Some electricity becomes modern life.
Some electricity becomes problems.
Some electricity causes damage.
Some electricity causes death.
Some electricity causes injuries.
Some electricity causes pain.
Some electricity causes problems.
Some electricity causes serious damage.
Some electricity comes from coal.
Some electricity comes from conversions.
Some electricity comes from plants.
Some electricity comes from power plants.
Some electricity comes from power stations.
Some electricity comes from stations.
Some electricity comes into contact.
Some electricity consists of movement.
Some electricity depends on friction.
Some electricity flows into bulbs.
Some electricity flows into circuits.
Some electricity flows through filament.
Some electricity goes through boxes.
Some electricity goes through fuse boxes.
Some electricity goes through hearts.
Some electricity has difficulty.
Some electricity has voltage.
Some electricity includes experiments.
Some electricity is created by flow water.
Some electricity is created by water.
Some electricity is made out of coal.
Some electricity is produced by aquatic creatures.
Some electricity is produced by creatures.
Some electricity is produced by generators.
Some electricity is produced by nuclear plants.
Some electricity is produced by nuclear power plants.
Some electricity is produced by nuclear power.
Some electricity is produced by nuclear reactors.
Some electricity is produced by plants.
Some electricity is produced by power plants.
Some electricity is produced by reactors.
Some electricity is produced by run water.
Some electricity is produced by water.
Some electricity is produced by windmills.
Some electricity is used by heaters.
Some electricity is used by space heaters.
Some electricity loses energy.
Some electricity moves through water.
Some electricity produces plants.
Some electricity produces power plants.
Some electricity reduces air pollution.
Some electricity reduces pollution.
Some electricity refers to energy.
Some electricity requires construction.
Some electricity runs motors.
Some electricity uses alloy.
Some electricity uses fossil fuel.
Some electricity uses fuel.
Some electricity uses in schools.
Some electricity uses nuclear fuel.
Electrification also reduces costs.
Electrification causes no known harmful side effects to healthy cells or tissue .
Electrification causes no known harmful side effects to healthy cells or tissue.
Electrification has many advantages but requires significant capital expenditure.
Electrification is an essential vehicle for productivity improvement and sustainable development.
Electrification is development
Electrification is exploitation.
Electrim products are computer cameras.
Electrocardiogram abnormalities are nonspecific.
An electrocardiogram is a graph
Electrocardiograms are also available.
Electrocardiograms are also useful in investigating other possible abnormal features of the heart.
Electrocardiograms are graphs.
Electrocardiograms are medical procedures.
Electrocardiograms are medical tests.
Electrocardiograms are part of checkups.
Electrocardiograms are records.
Electrocardiograms measure the electrical impulses of the heart.
Electrocardiograms measure the heart's electrical activity.
Electrocardiographic changes are abnormalities in electrical activity of the heart.
Electrocardiographic changes are nonspecific.
An electrocardiography is a diagnostic technique
Electrocardiography can demonstrate cardiac arrhythmias that reflect the cause of stroke.
Electrocardiography is a testing method commonly used to determine if the heart has been damaged.
Electrocardiography is used to detect changes in the electrical activity of the heart.
Electrocardiography is used to evaluate the cardiac rhythm and conduction.
Electrocardiography shows a typical low-voltage pattern with bradycardia.
Electrocardiography shows atrial fibrillation.
Electrocardiography uses electrical impulses to monitor the heart .
Electrochemical analysis is also useful for the trace detection of metals.
All electrochemical cells consist of two electrodes separated by some distance.
All electrochemical cells require a salt bridge.
Electrochemical detection can monitor the disulfide form as well as the thiol form.
Electrochemical detection is an often overlooked, though extremely sensitive, transduction method.
Electrochemical detection is more size compatible with the microchip.
Electrochemical detectors measure compounds that undergo oxidation or reduction reactions.
Electrochemical devices convert chemical energy.
Electrochemical devices convert energy.
Electrochemical devices generate electricity.
Most electrochemical devices convert chemical energy.
Most electrochemical devices convert energy.
Most electrochemical devices generate electricity.
Electrochemical engineering is an integral part of many emerging technologies.
Electrochemical etching produces very sharp probes.
Electrochemical methods are powerful and popular techniques for chemical analysis.
Electrochemical noise can make reliable measurements difficult.
Electrochemical reactions are chemical reactions in which electrons are transferred.
Electrochemical reactions cause neurons to fire.
Electrochemical reactions determine hydrogen pickup in underwater wet welds.
Electrochemical reactions occur on the surface of an electrode.
Electrochemical reactions produce an electric current in a manner similar to a battery.
Some electrochemical reaction takes places.
Electrochemical sensors contain a reference electrode and a sensing electrode.
Electrochemical sensors eliminate false trips, even in the most hostile environments.
Electrochemical terms imply the use of current.
Electrochemical titrations are among the most widely utilized applications of electrochemistry.
Electrochemistry is chemistry
Electrochemistry plays a significant role in biological reactions.
Electrochromic technology is a process of darkening glass by applying an electrical current.
Electroconvulsive therapy can be an effective treatment for depression.
Electroconvulsive treatment is an effective agent for depression in the elderly.
An electrocution is killing
Electrocution can also cause burns, especially to the mouth.
Electrocution can cause unconciousness and can also stop breathing.
Electrocution can cause unconsciousness and can also stop breathing.
Electrocution can occur when a branch or other object touches lines.
Electrocution includes electric shock.
Electrocution is a hazard during arc-welding operations.
Electrocution is a life-threatening emergency.
Electrocution is a major killer in floods.
Electrocution is a risk when water is used to minimize asbestos dust.
Electrocution IS a risk.
Electrocution is another cause of death.
Electrocution is another disinfectant.
Electrocution is another major source of deaths in floods.
Electrocution is another peril that applies to livestock.
Electrocution is death caused by electric shock.
Electrocution is one of the top five causes of workplace deaths.
Electrocution is supposed to be quick and relatively painless.
Electrocution is the most horrible death known.
Electrocution is the most widely known and used form.
Electrocution is the number two cause of death during a flood.
Electrocution is the only method of capital punishment in Florida, Alabama, Georgia and Nebraska.
Electrocution is the sole means of execution in Alabama, Georgia and Nebraska.
Electrocution is unreliable, so is lack thereof when electric shock occurs.
Electrocution messes up a man's insides.
Electrocution produces visibly destructive effects as the body's internal organs are burned.
Electrocution replaces hanging as the official method of capital punishment in New York State.
Electrocution results when a human is exposed to a lethal amount of electrical energy.
Electrocution takes the life of two men and a handgun kills two others.
Electrocutions are executions.
Electrocutions are killing.
Electrocutions are the third leading cause of occupational deaths in the United States.
Electrocutions do result when equipment comes in contact with power lines.
Electrocutions kill tens of thousands of birds per year.
Electrocutions occur when birds accidentally contact two conductors while flying.
Electrocution often requires a few shocks of a lengthy amount of seconds to execute someone.
Electrocyclic reactions occur frequently in nature.
An electrode is a conductor
Electrode array in cochlea.
Electrode array positioned on the retina.
Electrode plate with culture chamber, and connector for the high-frequency signal input.
Electrode washing between samples is also programmable for optimal performance.
Electrodes are advanced using a specialized microdrive.
Electrodes are attached to the detector animal's head by a special cap made of neoprene.
Electrodes are complete with attachments and couplings.
Electrodes are conductors.
Electrodes are harmless devices with wires that lead to a recording machine.
Electrodes are metal shells encased in glass with wires on the end.
Electrodes are part of batteries.
Electrodes are part of electronic equipment.
Electrodes are part of tubes.
Electrodes are placed on the head and a small amount of electricity is applied.
Electrodes are placed upon hands and feet and a small electrical current is passed through the body.
Electrodes are replaceable.
Electrodes are sensors that record the activity of the heart.
Electrodes are simply the electrical conductors.
Electrodes are small metal plates that apply a safe, imperceptibly tiny voltage across the skin.
Electrodes are the place the two meet.
Electrodes are two different kinds of metals that can make electricity between each other.
Electrodes become treatments on alternate days.
Electrodes come with hose barb end fitting.
Electrodes conduct current out of the cell.
Electrodes detect the brain's activity.
Electrodes extract chlorine from brine.
Electrodes measure changes in the number and type of brain waves.
Electrodes measure resting brain waves and when sound is made.
Electrodes pass impulses to a machine that records wave forms on graph paper.
Electrodes placed on the head can record brain waves around the clock.
Electrodes require regular maintenance.
Electrodes stimulate the hearing nerve.
Electrodes take pictures of the heart in between every beat.
Electrodes tend to break on bundles.
Electrodes then record the cortical activity.
Electrodes transforms it into electric voltage.
All electrodes are available in a full range of sizes and are quickly attached to a wand handle.
All electrodes are color-coded for electrode type determination.
All electrodes are side-reading.
All electrodes specify a starting and finishing current required for successful emitter conversion.
Some electrodes continue to activate single muscles selectively after several months.
Electrodeposition can only take place on electrically conductive substrates.
Electrodeposition is a deposit
Electrodiagnostic services are available at both locations, as well.
Electrodiagnostic studies are the most common.
Electrodiagnostic technique is very important in evaluating suspected ulnar nerve pathology.
Electrodiagnostic tests involve no radiation or medication, and are safer than most tests.
Electrodiagnostic testing is also useful in ruling out lumbar referred pain.
Electrodiagnostic testing is available when necessary.
Electrodiagnostic training is provided by internationally recognized experts.
Electrodynamic tethers interact with the Earth's magnetosphere to generate power or propulsion.
Electroformed copper oxidizes quickly when left in the air.
Electrogenic fish have a special organ that can generate electricity .
Electrogenic fish have a special organ that can generate electricity.
Most electrogenic fish are also electroreceptive .
Most electrogenic fish are also electroreceptive.
Most electrographic printers use a laser beam to modify the drum charge.
Electroless copper is next.
Electroless copper plating is essential in the production of printed circuit boards today.
Electroless nickel becomes harder with an increase in temperature.
Electroless nickel is considered a very strong yet brittle material.
Electroless nickel is used extensively in salvage of mismachined parts.
Electroless nickel plating of all water channels is recommened to inhibit rust.
An electrologist is a caregiver
Electrologists are health professionals.
Electrologists remove unwanted hair permanently using specialized electrical equipment.
Electrologists say the skin doctors are simply trying to corner the market on hair removal.
Electrologists use an electrolysis machine to remove hair.
Electrologists use the electricical energy to produce a chemical change within the hair follicle.
Electrologists work for themselves either in a salon or from their own clinic.
Most electrologists offer free consultations .
Electrolysis of water is a second method.
Electrolysis of water produces equivalent amounts of acid and base.
Electrolysis can be a tedious, painful process destroying each hair follicle one at a time.
Electrolysis can be effective, but it is a very painful and uncomfortable procedure for many people.
Electrolysis can be painful and there is a risk of scarring and infection.
Electrolysis can be permanent, but it requires a serious commitment of time and money.
Electrolysis can eliminate or decrease unwanted hair.
Electrolysis can sometimes cause folliculitis, infection, or scarring.
Electrolysis continues along very smoothly.
Electrolysis continues to be a safe and effective method of permanent hair removal.
Electrolysis is a chemical reaction caused by electric current.
Electrolysis is a method used when separating elements or to have a spontaneous reaction.
Electrolysis is a much slower process.
Electrolysis is a permanent hair removal process.
Electrolysis is a process by which chemical reactions are induced by an electric current.
Electrolysis is a process in which electrical energy is used to produce chemical change.
Electrolysis is a process of breaking down a compound by electricity.
Electrolysis is a process that can separate water into hydrogen and oxygen.
Electrolysis is a safe, affordable option for people seeking a permanent solution to hair removal.
Electrolysis is a safe, permanent process of hair removal that can be applied to anyone.
Electrolysis is a small price to pay for a lifetime of freedom from unsightly, unwanted hair.
Electrolysis is a time-honored method of permanent hair removal.
Electrolysis is a very good way of determining how many mole substance are present in a sample.
Electrolysis is able to provide long term hair removal using electricity.
Electrolysis is also a medical tax deduction.
Electrolysis is also permanent but takes longer to permanently remove the hair.
Electrolysis is another method to remove unwanted hair.
Electrolysis is best for small areas of hair removal, such as on the face.
Electrolysis is both painful and costly and usually requires months of treatment.
Electrolysis is clearly the best and most cost-effective solution.
Electrolysis is completely safe when performed by an experienced, conscientious electrologist.
Electrolysis is costly and uncomfortable, but it does yield results.
Electrolysis is decomposition.
Electrolysis is employed at all of the United States mints.
Electrolysis is expensive and time-consuming.
Electrolysis is far too expensive also.
Electrolysis is for anyone wishing to permanently remove unwanted facial and body hair.
Electrolysis is ideal for anything metallic, including iron objects.
Electrolysis is necessary as aluminium is so electropositive.
Electrolysis is one method of converting renewable energy into hydrogen fuel.
Electrolysis is one of the methods of treatment.
Electrolysis is permanent hair removal.
Electrolysis is permanent, affordable hair removal.
Electrolysis is possible even in areas with low water pressure.
Electrolysis is proven and simple method to obtain hydrogen.
Electrolysis is reaction
Electrolysis is simply the result of stray current, and nothing else.
Electrolysis is slow and expensive.
Electrolysis is slower and good primarily for small, limited areas.
Electrolysis is still the only permanent hair removal treatment for women and men.
Electrolysis is still the only proven means of permanent hair removal.
Electrolysis is stopped.
Electrolysis is stray current escaping from the system and is most damaging.
Electrolysis is the decomp of a subs.
Electrolysis is the decomposition of ionic compounds by electricity .
Electrolysis is the electrification of water to split the water into hydrogen and oxygen.
Electrolysis is the most permanent method of hair removal.
Electrolysis is the only permanent means of hair removal and is offered at reasonable rates.
Electrolysis is the only permanent method of hair removal.
Electrolysis is the only permanent method to remove unwanted facial and body hair.
Electrolysis is the only permanent method.
Electrolysis is the only permanent solution for hair removal.
Electrolysis is the only safe and proven method of permanent hair removal available today.
Electrolysis is the only safe, permanent choice of unwanted hair removal.
Electrolysis is the same identical process used in electroplating.
Electrolysis is very painful for most, but if done properly, it can be permanent.
Electrolysis is very safe, and unlike depilatories or bleaches, no harsh chemicals are used.
Electrolysis is very time consuming and painful process.
Electrolysis needs an expert to obtain good results without scarring.
Electrolysis occurs when dissimilar metals are in contact.
Electrolysis occurs when the moist slug slime contacts the copper.
Electrolysis plays an important part in industry.
Electrolysis presents longer lasting hair removal results and is excellent for facial hair.
Electrolysis provides a permanent, but often tedious and slow alternative solution for hair removal.
Electrolysis refers to the destruction of hair roots with an electric current.
Electrolysis relies on platinum or other catalysts for gas evolution, which are in limited supply.
Electrolysis requires a series of treatment given over a period of time.
Electrolysis requires a series of treatments over a period of time.
Electrolysis separates an ionic compound back to the elements that form it.
Electrolysis takes much longer on fine hairs, since it's harder to locate the follicle.
Electrolysis then gives gallium metal.
Electrolysis uses electrical energy to split water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen.
Electrolysis often requires years of ongoing treatments.
Electrolysis often requires years of treatment at regular intervals.
Electrolysis often requires years of treatments at a regular intervals.
Electrolysis often requires years of treatments at regular intervals.
Electrolyte abnormalities are common.
Electrolyte balance is balance
Much electrolyte balance occurs through the gills.
Electrolyte beverages help dehydration.
Some electrolyte imbalances contribute to functions.
Some electrolyte imbalances contribute to kidney functions.
An electrolyte is a solution
Electrolyte isa mixture.
Electrolytes act as conductors.
Electrolytes act as electrical conductors.
Electrolytes also conduct electricity and are essential to the proper functioning of our bodies.
Electrolytes also play an essential role in controlling the pH balance of body fluids.
Electrolytes are a large category of substances dissolved in plasma.
Electrolytes are always most effective when given in connection with water intake.
Electrolytes are charged particles, usually ions in solution.
Electrolytes are chemical compounds.
Electrolytes are chemicals that help regulate certain body processes.
Electrolytes are compounds dissolved within body fluids.
Electrolytes are compounds or elements that the body needs in order to function.
Electrolytes are compounds that separate into charged particles, called ions, when in a solution.
Electrolytes are crucial for the proper functioning of the body.
Electrolytes are different from water to water.
Electrolytes are essential for maintaining a healthy body.
Electrolytes are essential for the horse working in the heat.
Electrolytes are essential to the function of all living cells within the body.
Electrolytes are important for endurance horses.
Electrolytes are important in the maintenance of a healthy horse.
Electrolytes are in essence the salts that are lost through sweating.
Electrolytes are inanimate objects.
Electrolytes are inorganic substances that dissociate into ions in water.
Electrolytes are ionic substances which dissociate in solution to conduct charge.
Electrolytes are minerals that permit the body's cells to exchange fluids properly.
Electrolytes are minerals that, when dissolved in the body s fluid, become electrically charged.
Electrolytes are more forgiving than milk if that occurs.
Electrolytes are necessary for normal function of muscles and nerves.
Electrolytes are necessary to transport minerals in the body, and prevent dehydration.
Electrolytes are normal and there is no increase in the anion gap.
Electrolytes are nothing but sodium, potassium and chloride, mixed with a little bit of glucose.
Electrolytes are positively or negatively charged elements necessary for muscle function.
Electrolytes are solutions.
Electrolytes are substances in the body that carry a charge, such as ions.
Electrolytes are substances that can split readily into ions in solution.
Electrolytes are substances that form solutions that conduct electricity.
Electrolytes are the key to creating a battery's electrical current.
Electrolytes become imbalanced, and if potassium goes high, it can damage the heart.
Electrolytes behave as normal molecules.
Electrolytes carry particles.
Electrolytes conduct electricity and are found in fluid, tissue, and blood.
Electrolytes consist of acid.
Electrolytes deteriorate over time, a process that is enhanced at elevated temperatures.
Electrolytes determine most of the chemical and physical reactions of the body.
Electrolytes dissolve by dissociation.
Electrolytes dissolve in water or some other solvent and form ions.
Electrolytes dissolve in water.
Electrolytes facilitate the optimal function of our cells.
Electrolytes have more to do with dehydration than overheating.
Electrolytes help facilitate electrical and ionic activity from nerves to muscles.
Electrolytes improve the flavor of vitamin C products, especially vitamin C drinks.
Electrolytes indicate the presence of both metabolic acidosis and metabolic alkalosis.
Electrolytes indicate the presence of metabolic acidosis.
Electrolytes keep balance in the body's cells.
Electrolytes play a vital role in controlling shipping stress and aid in maintaining water intake.
Electrolytes play an important role in nutrition.
Electrolytes prevent dehydration.
Electrolytes seem stable and blood values are good.
Most electrolytes act as conductors.
Most electrolytes act as electrical conductors.
Most electrolytes carry particles.
Most electrolytes consist of acid.
Most electrolytes dissolve in water.
Most electrolytes prevent dehydration.
Some electrolytes carry electricity.
Some electrolytes cause imbalances.
Some electrolytes conduct electricity.
Some electrolytes have properties.
Some electrolytes produce electricity.
Some electrolytes produce gases.
An electrolytic capacitor is a capacitor
Electrolytic capacitors are capacitors.
Electrolytic capacitors are relatively poor noise filters, and also have a short life.
Electrolytic capacitors are suitable for use on printed circuit boards.
Electrolytic capacitors have a finite lifetime, usually about ten years.
Electrolytic capacitors have a positive and a negative side.
Electrolytic capacitors have a tendency to increase in ESR over time due to drying out or corrosion.
Electrolytic capacitors have a useful life of about ten years.
Electrolytic capacitors have several undesirable properties.
Electrolytic capacitors have very high voltage capacity and high storage capacity.
Electrolytic capacitors use a conducting surface inside a liquid electrolyte .
Electrolytic capacitors use a conducting surface inside a liquid electrolyte.
Electrolytic capacitors use a special technique to achieve a plate spacing which is very small.
Most electrolytic capacitors are aluminum electrolytics.
Electrolytic processes utilize an external current source for metal ion reduction.
Electrolytic reduction is the process used to extract the above metals.
Electrolytic refining involves passing an electric current through a compound.
Electrolytic units are also mechanically reliable and self operating.
An electrolytic is a capacitor
Electrolytics can take a temporary overstress for a short while, like heater warm up time.
Some electrolytics have better designs than others.
Electrolyzed water is highly acidic, contains chlorine and has high oxidation potential.
An electromagnet is a magnet
Electromagnet isa magnet.
Electromagnets also have north and south poles.
Electromagnets are a great science fair topic.
Electromagnets are a part of our everyday lives.
Electromagnets are another kind of magnet.
Electromagnets are made by coiling a wire around pure iron.
Electromagnets are magnets created from an electric current.
Electromagnets are magnets.
Electromagnets are part of relays.
Electromagnets are temporary magnets - when the current is turned off, the magnetism is gone.
Electromagnets are temporary magnets.
Electromagnets are used for a variety of purposes .
Electromagnets are used for a variety of purposes.
Electromagnets are used in everyday items such as burglar alarms , electric relays and fire bells .
Electromagnets are used in everyday items such as burglar alarms, electric relays and fire bells.
Electromagnets are used in giant wheels.
Electromagnets are very useful because their magnetism can be turned on and off.
Electromagnets consist of cores.
Electromagnets consist of iron cores.
Electromagnets create fields.
Electromagnets create magnetic fields.
Electromagnets create strong magnetic fields.
Electromagnets drive electric doorbells, buzzers, and relays.
Electromagnets follow tradition.
Electromagnets generate fields.
Electromagnets generate forces.
Electromagnets generate magnetic fields.
Electromagnets have (part) sections.
Electromagnets have poles which can be reversed when the path of electricity is reversed.
Electromagnets Learn all about electromagnets and how they work.
Electromagnets lose their magnetism when the current is discontinued.
Electromagnets produce magnetic fields only when electricity travels through their wire coils.
Electromagnets use an electrical current in order to produce magnetic poles.
Electromagnets use electricity to pick up and release steel or iron objects.
Many electromagnets have a cylinder made of soft magnetic material.
More Electromagnets are common in many of our appliances.
Most electromagnets consist of cores.
Most electromagnets consist of iron cores.
Most electromagnets consist of wire wound around an iron core.
Most electromagnets create fields.
Most electromagnets create magnetic fields.
Most electromagnets create strong magnetic fields.
Most electromagnets follow tradition.
Most electromagnets generate fields.
Most electromagnets generate forces.
Most electromagnets generate magnetic fields.
Some electromagnets are part of bridges.
Some electromagnets are part of circuits.
Some electromagnets are part of clippers.
Some electromagnets create very strong magnetic fields when current is flowing.
Some electromagnets use batteries.
Some electromagnets use materials.
Electromagnetic changes are at the speed of light and reach Earth within eight minutes.
Electromagnetic coils surround the flow path with a uniform magnetic field.
Electromagnetic compliance is a mandatory standard.
Electromagnetic currents radiate to all the directions of space and beyond.
Electromagnetic energy exists as waves, with an extremely wide range of wavelengths.
Electromagnetic energy exists in nature.
Electromagnetic energy flows out of the battery and into the empty space around the circuit.
Electromagnetic energy has distinctive properties.
Electromagnetic energy includes light, radio waves, infrared radiation, and x-rays.
Electromagnetic energy is constrained to exist in discrete quantum units.
Electromagnetic energy is defined as the energy emitted from vibrating charges inside the circuit.
Electromagnetic energy is light waves, radio waves, magnetic fields, and electric fields.
Electromagnetic energy is the energy transferred by radiation.
Electromagnetic energy is the same as radiation or light energy.
Electromagnetic energy is the same as radiation or light.
Electromagnetic energy is thought to cause cancer by depressing nighttime melatonin levels.
Electromagnetic energy is used to produce images using remote sensing devices.
Electromagnetic energy passes through space at the speed of light in the form of sinusoidal waves.
Electromagnetic energy provides another method for quick cooking.
Electromagnetic energy travels as waves ranging from gamma rays to radio waves.
All electromagnetic energy travels in waves.
Some electromagnetic energy includes light.
Electromagnetic feeders use vibration to move screws, but they are slower.
Electromagnetic field has still less of reality.
Electromagnetic field is generated by a pair of wires, which also serves as a measurement probe.
Electromagnetic field is produced by a machine attached to the solinoid.
Electromagnetic fields are invisible and can penetrate living tissue.
Electromagnetic fields are pretty close to that point.
Electromagnetic fields are propagated into the structure and variations are monitored and recorded.
Electromagnetic fields are vectors which vary in complicated ways through space and time.
Electromagnetic fields describe electric and magnetic fields.
Electromagnetic fields do have an effect on living matter.
Electromagnetic fields drop off rapidly with distance, but the issue is more complex than that.
Electromagnetic fields have intensity.
Most electromagnetic fields have intensity.
Some electromagnetic fields cause infertility.
Some electromagnetic fields create microwaves.
Electromagnetic force causes interaction between electricaly charged objects.
Electromagnetic force comes into play when two charged particles come close.
Electromagnetic force has to do with moving charges.
Electromagnetic force is a long range force like gravity.
Electromagnetic force is much stronger than gravity.
Electromagnetic force is proportional to electric charge.
Electromagnetic forces work on particles which have electric charge.
Electromagnetic gravity is both a push from space and a pull toward a massive body.
Electromagnetic guns can launch projectiles to velocities well beyond today's conventional guns.
Electromagnetic induction causes electricity to flow through the wires.
Electromagnetic induction creates energy in the source by causing ions to circulate.
Electromagnetic induction creates energy in the source by causing ions to circulate.A .
Electromagnetic induction is the generation of an electric field due to a varying magnetic field.
Electromagnetic induction offers a valuable, second perspective.
Electromagnetic interaction is fundamental interaction
Electromagnetic interactions are interactions between particles mediated by photons.
Electromagnetic interference can originate from various sources.
Electromagnetic interference is a big problem when transmitting data.
Electromagnetic interference is generated by everyday electrical activity.
Electromagnetic interference takes into two forms, Conducted and Radiated.
Electromagnetic maglev uses magnetic attraction.
Electromagnetic methods fall in two categories, frequency domain and time domain.
Electromagnetic phenomena pervade our lives.
Electromagnetic pollution is here to stay.
Electromagnetic pulse bends the stalks down according to definite design.
Electromagnetic radiation arises when electrical charge is accelerated.
Electromagnetic radiation can eject electrons from the surface of a solid.
Electromagnetic radiation carries energy.
Electromagnetic radiation causes damage.
Electromagnetic radiation comes from distant sources.
Electromagnetic radiation comes from sources.
Electromagnetic radiation comes in a range of energies, known as the electromagnetic spectrum.
Electromagnetic radiation comes in many forms.
Electromagnetic radiation consists of oscillating electric and magnetic fields.
Electromagnetic radiation consists of rays.
Electromagnetic radiation depends on temperature.
Electromagnetic radiation exhibits both wave and particle properties.
Electromagnetic radiation exists in the form of waves or photons moving at the speed of light.
Electromagnetic radiation has both electric and magnetic properties.
Electromagnetic radiation has properties.
Electromagnetic radiation has some of the properties of both a particle and a wave.
Electromagnetic radiation includes infrared, visible, and ultraviolet light.
Electromagnetic radiation includes x-rays and gamma rays.
Electromagnetic radiation is a form of energy that can move through empty space.
Electromagnetic radiation is a lot simpler in terms of the potential fields as well.
Electromagnetic radiation is a wave of energy traveling at the speed of light.
Electromagnetic radiation is absorbed by materials.
Electromagnetic radiation is an area of interest to the physicist.
Electromagnetic radiation is created when charged particles accelerate.
Electromagnetic radiation is dampened if it passes through a grounded conductor.
Electromagnetic radiation is divided into different types according to an electromagnetic spectrum.
Electromagnetic radiation is electrically neutral, but cosmic rays carry an electric charge.
Electromagnetic radiation is energy carried through space by electric and magnetic waves.
Electromagnetic radiation is energy in transfer by electromagnetic waves.
Electromagnetic radiation is just a fancy word for light.
Electromagnetic radiation is one of the many forms that energy can take.
Electromagnetic radiation is produced in frequencies that range from high to extremely low.
Electromagnetic radiation is radiation in the form of electromagnetic waves.
Electromagnetic radiation is radiation
Electromagnetic radiation is radiation.
Electromagnetic radiation is transmitted through space in a similar manner.
Electromagnetic radiation moves energy.
Electromagnetic radiation occurs in a wide range of wavelengths.
Electromagnetic radiation passes through atmospheres.
Electromagnetic radiation produces sensation.
Electromagnetic radiation produces visual sensation.
Electromagnetic radiation results from decay.
Electromagnetic radiation results from radioactive decay.
Electromagnetic radiation spans a spectrum that goes far beyond the familiar colors of the rainbow.
Electromagnetic radiation travels as a disturbance or wave-like motion through space.
Electromagnetic radiation travels as a transverse wave.
Electromagnetic radiation travels in packets called photons.
Electromagnetic radiation travels in waves, just like waves in an ocean.
Electromagnetic radiation travels in waves.
All electromagnetic radiation moves at c, the speed of light.
All electromagnetic radiation travels at the same speed.
All electromagnetic radiation travels at the speed of light in vacuum.
All electromagnetic radiation travels at the speed of light.
All electromagnetic radiation travels in straight lines at the speed of light.
Most electromagnetic radiation carries energy.
Most electromagnetic radiation causes damage.
Most electromagnetic radiation comes from distant sources.
Most electromagnetic radiation comes from sources.
Most electromagnetic radiation consists of rays.
Most electromagnetic radiation depends on temperature.
Most electromagnetic radiation has properties.
Most electromagnetic radiation is absorbed by materials.
Most electromagnetic radiation moves energy.
Most electromagnetic radiation passes through atmospheres.
Most electromagnetic radiation produces sensation.
Most electromagnetic radiation produces visual sensation.
Some electromagnetic radiation corresponds to oven temperature.
Some electromagnetic radiation corresponds to temperature.
Some electromagnetic radiation does cause cancer though.
Some electromagnetic radiation has addition.
Some electromagnetic radiation increases crops.
Some electromagnetic radiation is absorbed by substances.
Some electromagnetic radiation produces during fission.
Electromagnetic sensors detect target emitted electromagnetic radiation.
Electromagnetic sensors determine the size and weight of the coins.
Electromagnetic separation uses a magnetic field to remove impurities from the target mineral.
Electromagnetic signals travel at velocities near that of light in vacuo of .
Electromagnetic stimulation is carried out over a period of several minutes.
Electromagnetic Stress Click on the image to return to the previous page.
Electromagnetic surveys can indicate severity and likely spread of salinity.
Electromagnetic tablets work by generating and detecting an electromagnetic signal .
Electromagnetic tablets work by generating and detecting an electromagnetic signal.
Electromagnetic theory is applied to telecommunication and power devices.
Electromagnetic things operate by making magnetic fields with wire that is conducting electricity.
Electromagnetic train runs faster than ordinary train.
Electromagnetic transformers consist of a magnetic core and primary and secondary windings.
An electromagnetic wave is radiation
Electromagnetic waves are a form of energy.
Electromagnetic waves are a major means of moving energy around the universe.
Electromagnetic waves are also transverse.
Electromagnetic waves are little force fields that stay around to charge particles.
Electromagnetic waves are subject to interference.
Electromagnetic waves are the same as radio waves.
Electromagnetic waves are transverse waves .
Electromagnetic waves are transverse, while sound waves are longitudinal.
Electromagnetic waves become thermal waves.
Electromagnetic waves become waves.
Electromagnetic waves can travel through empty space.
Electromagnetic waves carry both energy and momentum, which can be delivered to a surface.
Electromagnetic waves carry energy through space and time.
Electromagnetic waves consist of varying electric and magnetic fields.
Electromagnetic waves course through the universe.
Electromagnetic waves cover a wide range of radiations, starting from radio waves to gamma rays.
Electromagnetic waves depend on mutual field regeneration.
Electromagnetic waves entering Earth's atmosphere from space are bent by refraction.
Electromagnetic waves have both electric and magnetic components.
Electromagnetic waves have different wavelengths.
Electromagnetic waves have more power than light waves, so they penetrate the skin.
Electromagnetic waves involve oscillating electric and magnetic fields.
Electromagnetic waves occur in the ionosphere and magnetosphere as well as the Earth's outer core .
Electromagnetic waves oscillate.
Electromagnetic waves release energy.
Electromagnetic waves result when a charged object is accelerated or decelerated.
Electromagnetic waves transport energy through space .
Electromagnetic waves travel very fast.
Electromagnetic waves vary in frequency, or the amount of energy they contain.
All electromagnetic waves are identical except for differences in their .
All electromagnetic waves originate from accelerating charged particles.
All electromagnetic waves propagate at the speed of light.
All electromagnetic waves travel at the same speed the speed of light.
All electromagnetic waves travel at the same velocity in vacuum, the speed of light.
All electromagnetic waves travel at the speed of light and have no mass.
Most electromagnetic waves become thermal waves.
Most electromagnetic waves become waves.
Most electromagnetic waves release energy.
Some electromagnetic waves have energy.
Some electromagnetic waves have higher energies than others.
Some electromagnetic waves transfer heat.
Electromagnetic weapons are a new conept.
Electromagnetic weapons can be sneaky, too.
Electromagnetic weaponry is by no means the only possibility, far from it.
Electromagnetism can either attract or repel, but gravity can only attract.
Electromagnetism describes the relationship between electricity and magnetism.
Electromagnetism encompasses various real-world electromagnetic phenomena.
Electromagnetism has some very nice and illustrative experiments.
Electromagnetism holds electrons in orbit around the atomi nucleus.
Electromagnetism includes the study of electricity, magnetism, and how they are connected.
Electromagnetism involves an antisymmetric tensor.
Electromagnetism is an idea that combines electricity with magnetism .
Electromagnetism is an idea that combines electricity with magnetism.
Electromagnetism is called a gauge theory because the gauge symmetry actually defines the theory.
Electromagnetism is essentially the foundation for all of electrical engineering.
Electromagnetism is magnetism
Electromagnetism is magnetism.
Electromagnetism is one of the four fundamental interactions , as is strong force .
Electromagnetism is one of the four fundamental interactions, as is strong force.
Electromagnetism is one of the most beautiful theoretical constructs in all of physics.
Electromagnetism is physics.
Electromagnetism is probably one of the worlds wonders.
Electromagnetism is reduced to a problem which can be described in terms of pure Newtonian physics.
Electromagnetism is responsible for the vast majority of our everyday experiences.
Electromagnetism is the second.
Electromagnetism is ubiquitous.
Electromagnetism provides light, to see the letters with.
Electromechanical applications are also available for helicopters and boats.
Electromechanical components operate per requirements.
Electromechanical configurations seem like a natural evolution of the small firearm.
Electromechanical control consists of using solenoids and relays to operate a pneumatic circuit.
Electromechanical packaging is a critical factor in commercializing microsystems.
Electromechanical players grab a piece of the outsourcing pie.
Electromechanical relays provide isolation for output signals.
Electromechanical response depends on the interaction of four fundamental variables.
Electromechanical shop is started.
Electromechanical speech uses a device that is placed against the throat or into the mouth.
Electromechanical technicians build, test, adjust and repair electromechanical devices.
Electromechanical thermostats are easier to set but have fewer features and less flexibility.
An electromotive force is an electrical phenomenon
Electromotive force is the pressure that pushes an electric current through a circuit.
Electromyographic examination test the integrity of the lower motor unit.
Electromyographic guidance is available in selected patients.
Electromyographic guidance is available to aid in localization of the problem and treatment.
An electromyography is a diagnostic technique
Electromyographies are diagnostic procedures.
Electromyography can confirm the presence of obturator neuropathy.
Electromyography comes of age.
Electromyography is a needle study in which the electrical activity of muscle fibers is recorded.
Electromyography is a useful aid to diagnosis.
Electromyography is also a valuable diagnostic tool, as is the measurement of various serum enzymes.
Electromyography is available at either location.
Electromyography is of value if diagnostic problems occur.
Electromyography is useful in establishing a diagnosis.
Electromyography measures the electrical activity present in selected muscles.
Electromyography requires prior neurologic consultation.
Electromyography shows diffuse fibrillation potentials and positive sharp waves.
Electromyography shows fibrillation and fasciculations.
Electromyography shows only the electrical activity of normal contraction.
Electron affinities follow the same pattern.
Electron affinity decreases down a group because the atomic size increases.
Electron affinity is a measure of how strongly an atom can bind an additional electron.
Electron affinity is a. the energy loss when an electron is removed from an atom b.
Electron affinity is the energy involved when an anion loses an electron.
Electron affinity is the energy required to attach an electron to a gaseous neutral atom.
An electron beam is radiation
Electron beams can sterilize food-product containers.
Electron beams have energy.
Most electron beams have energy.
Some electron carriers accept and release protons along with electrons.
Some electron carriers can only transport electrons in the company of hydrogen ions.
Some electron carriers can only transport electrons in the company of protons.
Some electron clouds make up atoms.
Some electron clouds surround atomic nuclei.
Electron diffraction patterns indicate presence.
Some electron guns are part of computers.
Some electron guns are part of laptops.
Some electron guns are part of tellies.
Some electron guns are part of tv.
Electron holes are the holes that are left when electrons are taken from an element.
Electron microscope images show particles.
Some electron microscopes allow scientists.
Some electron microscopes have huge impact.
Some electron microscopes have impact.
An electron shell is a group
Electron shells make up the electron configuration of an atom .
Electron shells make up the electron configuration of an atom.
Electron transfer can provide energy.
Electron transfer can take place in a chemical reaction.
Electron transfer is one of the most basic chemical processes.
Electron transfer is one of the most common functions of proteins.
Electron transfer is typically such an issue.
Electron transfer occurs between flavin and heme groups located on adjacent subunits in the dimer.
Electron transitions give rise to highly diagnostic sets of emission and absorption lines.
Some electron tubes are part of bridges.
Some electron tubes are part of cellphones.
Some electron tubes are part of circuits.
Some electron tubes are part of clippers.
Some electron tubes are part of modems.
Some electron tubes are part of phones.
Some electron tubes are part of processors.
Some electron tubes are part of receivers.
Some electron tubes are part of stereos.
Some electron tubes are part of telephones.
An electron is a lepton
Electron isa object.
Electrons absorb and emit photons during their interactions.
Electrons act like particles in some situations and like waves of energy in others.
Electrons act like waves.
Electrons allow atoms to interact with one another.
Electrons also exist independently and are responsible for many electric effects in materials.
Electrons also orbit around the nucleus of an atom.
Electrons appear to be point like particles called leptons .
Electrons are a part of all atoms and make rays which are emitted by hot bodies.
Electrons are a part of all atoms.
Electrons are a part of the atom that carries a negative electric charge.
Electrons are a renewable resource.
Electrons are a well-known example that are found in ordinary matter .
Electrons are a well-known example that are found in ordinary matter.
Electrons are able to jump from one band to another .
Electrons are able to jump from one band to another.
Electrons are able to move in an electrical circuit because.
Electrons are actually where energy comes from.
Electrons are added further from the nucleus, there is less attraction.
Electrons are added to the rod.
Electrons are also important for the bonding of individual atoms together.
Electrons are also important to electricity.
Electrons are are neither particles nor waves alone, but both at the same time.
Electrons are arranged around atoms in a special way.
Electrons are as observable as elephants.
Electrons are attracted to the nucleus by the positive charge of the protons.
Electrons are basic constituents of atoms .
Electrons are bent in one direction while protons and positrons veer off the other way.
Electrons are birds.
Electrons are carriers of energy, in the form of electric charge.
Electrons are certainly part of the protection systems today.
Electrons are charged, light particles and their penetration into solids is very limited.
Electrons are cheap, renewable, and sustainable.
Electrons are contained in shells around the nucleus.
Electrons are degenerate.
Electrons are easier to recycle than paper.
Electrons are either effectively or actually transfered reductant to the oxidant.
Electrons are electrically negative and have a charge equal in magnitude to that of a proton.
Electrons are electrically negative and the protons are electrically positive charges.
Electrons are electrons, unlike different printing presses.
Electrons are elementary particles.
Electrons are even smaller than atoms.
Electrons are excited and leave the oxidized chlorophyll.
Electrons are extremely lightweight and are negatively charged.
Electrons are extremely lightweight and exist in a cloud orbiting the nucleus.
Electrons are extremely small compared to all of the other parts of the atom.
Electrons are extremely small.
Electrons are fermions, which is why they form ordered shells around the nucleus of an atom.
Electrons are fermions.
Electrons are fired into a linac, or straight accelerator.
Electrons are forbidden from other energy levels .
Electrons are forbidden from other energy levels.
Electrons are found in clouds that surround the nucleus of an atom.
Electrons are fundamental particles.
Electrons are heavier than protons.
Electrons are heavy and slow compared to photons.
Electrons are held in their shells by an electrical force.
Electrons are indivisible, excessively minute charges of electri- city, negative in their sign.
Electrons are injected into a linear accelerator .
Electrons are injected into a linear accelerator.
Electrons are just ordinary particles moving at ordinary speeds.
Electrons are known to fall into orbits or energy levels.
Electrons are leptons.
Electrons are light particles with negative electric charge.
Electrons are like fickle friends.
Electrons are located at fixed distances from the nucleus, called energy levels.
Electrons are located in atoms.
Electrons are low-mass particles which carry a negative electrical charge.
Electrons are many magnitudes smaller than the nucleus.
Electrons are members of the lepton family of particles.
Electrons are much smaller than neutrons and protons.
Electrons are much smaller than protons and neutrons.
Electrons are negative and neutrons are neutral.
Electrons are negative particles that are attracted to positively charged particles called protons.
Electrons are negative particles that whizz around the positive nucleus of an atom.
Electrons are negative so the zinc becomes negative.
Electrons are negative so the zinc is negative while the copper is positive.
Electrons are negative.
Electrons are negatively charged particles.
Electrons are negatively-charged and therefore flow from negative to positive.
Electrons are neutral.
Electrons are outside the nucleus .
Electrons are outside the nucleus, and determine properties of the atom.
Electrons are part of atoms.
Electrons are part of irons.
Electrons are particles which are too small to ever be observed directly.
Electrons are particles, but they behave like waves.
Electrons are particles.
Electrons are parts of atoms.
Electrons are physically larger than protons.
Electrons are present in all atoms in shells around the nucleus.
Electrons are present in the region of space outside the nucleus.
Electrons are proton crazy.
Electrons are pushed through a wire by the voltage .
Electrons are pushed through a wire by the voltage.
Electrons are released in the light-dependent reactions when water is split to form oxygen gas.
Electrons are released through water splitting which releases oxygen as waste.
Electrons are responsible for conduction in solids.
Electrons are shifted in two directions on a CCD, called the parallel or serial direction.
Electrons are shuttled between proteins, generating energy along the way.
Electrons are simultaneously waves and particles.
Electrons are small particles within the atom.
Electrons are small sub-atomic particles that orbit the nucleus of all atoms.
Electrons are smaller and move around in the electron cloud.
Electrons are smaller than atoms.
Electrons are smart.
Electrons are so small that they have relatively little mass.
Electrons are strange and unusual little fellows.
Electrons are stripped from water in the light reactions of photosynthesis.
Electrons are subatomic particles that have a negative electric charge.
Electrons are subatomic particles with a negative electrical charge.
Electrons are the binding materials holding molecules together.
Electrons are the carriers for electricity.
Electrons are the essence of energy in the body.
Electrons are the glue that holds groups of atoms together .
Electrons are the heaviest particles in an atom.
Electrons are the lightest particles that have an electric charge.
Electrons are the main carriers.
Electrons are the negatively charged particles of atom .
Electrons are the particles that carry the current in an electrical conductor.
Electrons are the primary charge carriers in electric current.
Electrons are the purest and cleanest reagents in the world.
Electrons are the raw stuff of electricity.
Electrons are the same way.
Electrons are the smallest and lightest and are said to be negatively charged.
Electrons are the smallest and lightest of the the three particles and they have a negative charge.
Electrons are the smallest particles of electricity.
Electrons are the stuff that makes electricity.
Electrons are the subatomic particles that orbit the nucleus of an atom.
Electrons are the very lightweight, negatively charged bits that buzz around the edges of an atom.
Electrons are time forward entities.
Electrons are tiny charged particles that are part of an atom .
Electrons are tiny particles in any atom .
Electrons are tiny particles that are smaller than atoms.
Electrons are tiny particles within atoms that have a minute electric charge.
Electrons are tiny, negatively-charged atomic particles.
Electrons are transferred from one molecule to another.
Electrons are used to transfer heat energy as well as electric charge.
Electrons are usually invisible and silent, which makes it hard to find leaks or restrictions.
Electrons are very fattening.
Electrons are very important in the world of electronics.
Electrons are very important.
Electrons are very light compared to protons and neutrons .
Electrons are very light compared to protons and neutrons.
Electrons are very light.
Electrons are very small objects.
Electrons are very, very small.
Electrons are what actually move in a circuit.
Electrons are, in a sense, tiny particles of electricity.
Electrons are, simultaneously, waves and particles.
Electrons attract protons from other sources.
Electrons become excited when light quanta penetrates into the P layer.
Electrons behave in a similar way.
Electrons behave like waves unless they are in the ground state.
Electrons bouncing around in a resistor generate small, random voltages.
Electrons build up more easily in dry places.
Electrons build up on negative plate and distort the electron orbits of the atoms in the dielectric.
Electrons can absorb light in part of the visible and reflect the rest so they appear coloured.
Electrons can achieve higher energy levels by injecting energy via a flash of light, for example.
Electrons can be both particles and waves.
Electrons can be on their own also.
Electrons can exist independently, or in groups around the nucleus of an atom.
Electrons can flow between certain different materials providing a current, as in a common battery.
Electrons can gain energy by interacting with photons.
Electrons can have different energy levels - or energy states.
Electrons can jump into an empty spot driven by the electric field.
Electrons can laugh mirthlessly.
Electrons can move between orbits, using or releasing energy in the process.
Electrons can move from atom to atom.
Electrons can move from one object to another when touched .
Electrons can move from one object to another when touched.
Electrons can move from shell to shell.
Electrons can only be in certain permitted orbits , also referred to as energy levels .
Electrons can only be in discrete orbits.
Electrons can only flow in a closed circuit.
Electrons can only occupy certain energy levels in the core.
Electrons carry a charge equal in magnitude but opposite in charge to that of protons.
Electrons carry a negative charge and are found in electron shells surrounding the nucleus.
Electrons carry a negative charge, equal in magnitude and opposite to the charge of a proton.
Electrons carry a negative charge.
Electrons carry negative charges while protons carry positive charges in the nucleus of an atom.
Electrons circle the atom's nucleus in regions of space known as orbitals.
Electrons collect on the negative terminal of the battery.
Electrons colliding with a target material create X-rays.
Electrons come from donor and then are given to acceptor.
Electrons come in pairs, and each pair is given an orbit around the nucleus.
Electrons contain a negative charge, protons a positive charge.
Electrons contribute most to an atom s size.
Electrons contribute most to an atoms size.
Electrons contribute no atomic mass units to the total atomic weight of an atom.
Electrons contribute only a little to the mass of an atom.
Electrons determine chemical properties of elements.
Electrons determine the chemical behaviour of elements.
Electrons differ from printed materials in the ways they arrive at the library as well.
Electrons diffuse from n to p while holes diffuse from p to n .
Electrons diffuse from the emitter into the base and holes diffuse from the base into the emitter.
Electrons drift from p to n while holes drift from n to p .
Electrons drop in free energy as they pass down the electron transport chain.
Electrons dumping in superconductors allows a current to flow without resistance.
Electrons emerge from the collision at various angles and with a variety of energies.
Electrons escape from the surface of all metals.
Electrons exciting the phosphor on the inside of the display glass create the monitor image.
Electrons exist in the shells.
Electrons exist outside of the nucleus of an atom, essentially in orbit around it.
Electrons fall on membrane and are spread out.
Electrons fill atoms by sequentially filling hydrogen-like orbitals in order of energy.
Electrons fill the innermost shells first.
Electrons flow away from the anode in the external circuit.
Electrons flow back into a fuel cell through the cathode.
Electrons flow continuously in a closed circuit.
Electrons flow from a position of high potential energy to low potential energy.
Electrons flow from carriers with high reduction potentials to ones with low reduction potentials.
Electrons flow from left to right because the copper cathode loses electrons more easily than zinc.
Electrons flow from right to left because zinc metal acts as the cathode and gets reduced.
Electrons flow from the aluminum to the silver amalgam filling.
Electrons flow from the anode to the cathode.
Electrons flow from the cathode to the anode.
Electrons flow from the colder object toward the warmer object.
Electrons flow from the colder oblect toward the warmer object.
Electrons flow in at one end, and the same number flow out the other end.
Electrons flow in the external circuit from copper to an inert electrode.
Electrons flow in the external circuit from silver to nickel.
Electrons flow in the wire which is joined to the two tabs on the end of the motor.
Electrons flow into the positive terminals of a voltage source.
Electrons flow out from the negative end of a battery into the positive end.
Electrons flow primarily on the outside surface of a conductor.
Electrons flow through an external circuit from negative to positive.
Electrons flow through the enzyme and are accepted by oxygen.
Electrons flowing through a conductor create a magnetic field around the conductor.
Electrons flowing through the Cyt bf complex also contribute to the proton gradient.
Electrons fly around in an atom very, very quickly.
Electrons follow circular orbital paths much like planets orbiting the sun.
Electrons form a cloud of charge around the nucleus.
Electrons form notional shells around the nucleus .
Electrons form notional shells around the nucleus.
Electrons form pairs in a superconductor.
Electrons form pairs to superconduct.
Electrons form the atomic cloud.
Electrons gain enough energy to leave the wire and form a cloud around it.
Electrons give up a little energy at each step in the chain.
Electrons go from the reaction center to the electron acceptor downhill back to the reaction center.
Electrons go into the - terminal of an electrolytic cell, but electric current goes out.
Electrons go up the wire, and the lower slip ring becomes positively charged.
Electrons going through the scattering foils near the central-axis lose more energy.
Electrons have (part) sections.
Electrons have a charge, a negative charge.
Electrons have a harder and harder time moving through a conductor the warmer it gets.
Electrons have a much shorter wavelength than light, so they can make smaller bumps.
Electrons have a negative charge and are electrically attracted to the positively charged protons.
Electrons have a negative charge and free electrons repel eachother.
Electrons have a negative charge and manage the interactions between atoms.
Electrons have a negative charge and protons have a positive charge.
Electrons have a negative charge and reside in electron clouds about the nucleus.
Electrons have a negative charge while the protons have a positive charge.
Electrons have a negative charge, so a particle that gains electrons gains a negative charge.
Electrons have a negative charge.
Electrons have a shorter wavelength than light and so can magnify up to one million times.
Electrons have a very small mass compared to all of the other parts in an atom.
Electrons have almost no mass and are negatively charged.
Electrons have an internal property, called spin.
Electrons have anti-electrons, which have positive charges.
Electrons have degeneracy pressure.
Electrons have electric fields.
Electrons have electrical charge.
Electrons have feelings.
Electrons have internal motions corresponding to spins in classical dynamics.
Electrons have less mass than either protons or neutrons.
Electrons have much less mass than protons but have an equivalent negative charge.
Electrons have negative charge.
Electrons have negative charges.
Electrons have spin, a kind of the smallest unit of magnets.
Electrons have static electric fields.
Electrons have such and such weight.
Electrons have the same density.
Electrons have the smallest electrical charge .
Electrons have the smallest electrical charge.
Electrons have very much less mass and occupy shells around the nucleus.
Electrons have wave properties.
Electrons hold the world together.
Electrons ignore state borders.
Electrons inhabit various energy levels, or shells.
Electrons interact with other principal energy carriers.
Electrons Investigate some of the things that make electrons.
Electrons jump between orbitals in a particle-like fashion.
Electrons jump from one atom to the next.
Electrons jump from the tip of the STM to the surface of the material being scanned.
Electrons landing on the attractor damp into that bucket.
Electrons leave the belt and flow through a wire to the surrounding sphere.
Electrons leave the outer most shell first.
Electrons like to be electrically neutral.
Electrons like to pair up.
Electrons like to travel in pairs.
Electrons literally power the body.
Electrons lose energy as they travel through a material.
Electrons make excellent probes down to very small scales because of their point-like properties.
Electrons make up most of the mass of an atom.
Electrons migrate from the surface of one material to the surface of the other.
Electrons move about the nucleus in atomic orbitals.
Electrons move around nuclei.
Electrons move around the atom in a specific path.
Electrons move around the nucleus in up to seven round paths , called shells.
Electrons move around the nucleus of an atom.
Electrons move at the speed of light.
Electrons move at the speed of sound.
Electrons move away from other negative charge and toward positive charge.
Electrons move easily through some materials, and cause very little heat.
Electrons move fast, so the coordinate degree of freedom is a fast degree of freedom.
Electrons move five times faster through gallium arsenide than through silicon.
Electrons move freely through the wire until they reach the light bulb's filament.
Electrons move from atom to atom in a wire, producing an electric current.
Electrons move from one atom to the next adjacent atom.
Electrons move from one energy state to another but can only exist aft defineite energy levels.
Electrons move from one plate of the capacitor and accumulate on the other plate.
Electrons move from spot to spot.
Electrons move from the positive lead oxide electrode to the negative lead electrode.
Electrons move from the source, through the load and back to the source.
Electrons move in definite orbits around the nucleus, like planets moving around the nucleus.
Electrons move in one direction while the positive holes move in the opposite direction.
Electrons move in orbits of different shapes and sizes, depending on their energy.
Electrons move into cathode from load.
Electrons move nine inches a nanosecond.
Electrons move rapidly around the nucleus and constitute almost the entire volume of the atom.
Electrons move through a metal much faster than ions through a solution.
Electrons move through a series of carriers that release energy at each step.
Electrons move through a wire much like water flows through a pipe.
Electrons move through the material by hoping from island to island.
Electrons move through the nodes at predictable rates.
Electrons move through the starting circuit to an electromagnet that closes a relay.
Electrons move with incredible speed as they pass from one atom to another.
Electrons moving along a path create an electrical current.
Electrons never return to the place from which they started.
Electrons normally gravitate towards the lowest possible energy state called the ground state.
Electrons occupy a space that surrounds an atom's nucleus.
Electrons occupy a space that surrounds the atoms nucleus.
Electrons occupy atomic orbitals which can contain two electrons.
Electrons occupy cloudlike orbits around atomic nuclei.
Electrons occupy energy levels from the lowest energies upwards.
Electrons occupy energy states.
Electrons occupy orbitals, or areas where they have a high statistical probability of occurring.
Electrons occupy the lowest energy level and sublevel possible.
Electrons occupy the lowest energy levels.
Electrons occupy the one-electron levels but obey fermion properties.
Electrons occupy well-defined energy levels around the positively charged nucleus of an atom.
Electrons only flow in one direction in a LED, because it is a diode.
Electrons only go one way.
Electrons orbit an atomic nucleus in the same kind of way that planets orbit stars .
Electrons orbit an atomic nucleus in the same kind of way that planets orbit stars.
Electrons orbit around nucleus like planets in our solar system orbit around the sun.
Electrons orbit around the center or nucleus of atoms.
Electrons orbit around the center or nucleus of the atom.
Electrons orbit around the center, or nucleus, of atoms, just like the moon orbits the earth.
Electrons orbit around the nucleus.
Electrons orbit around the positively charged nucleus in an atom.
Electrons orbit or go around the nucleus .
Electrons orbit the nuclei of atoms and are the principle tool of molecular bonding.
Electrons orbit the nucleus at fantastic speeds forming elctron clouds.
Electrons orbit the nucleus in a series of shells or energy levels.
Electrons orbit the nucleus in circular orbits, much like plants orbit the sun.
Electrons orbit the nucleus like moths around a light bulb.
Electrons orbit the nucleus much the same way the planets orbit the sun.
Electrons orbit the nucleus of an atom just like planets orbit around the sun in our solar system.
Electrons orbit the nucleus of an atom.
Electrons orbit the nucleus of the atom in various orbital levels.
Electrons orbit the nucleus.
Electrons oscillating in a radio antenna emit one single wavelength.
Electrons pair up in an orbital only after all orbitals of a subshell contain electrons.
Electrons pass from a higher to a lower energy level.
Electrons pass through a sheet of metal perforated with holes.
Electrons play a major role in all chemical bonds.
Electrons present in outer orbital.
Electrons prevent further collapse.
Electrons produce photons in the beam tube and photons generate neutrons.
Electrons provide the energy for all lasers.
Electrons radiate or absorb energy in the form of photons when they are accelerated.
Electrons radiate or absorb energy when they change orbits.
Electrons recycle much more read ily than paper products.
Electrons remain unpaired in spin as long as is possible.
Electrons repel each other and try to go to a place with fewer electrons.
Electrons repel each other.
Electrons repel electrons because they all have the same charge.
Electrons replace handshakes.
Electrons reside in orbitals around the nucleus.
Electrons revolve in orbits around the nucleus.
Electrons revolve in orbits in the region surrounding the nucleus.
Electrons rotate around nucleus, just like the planets around the Sun.
Electrons scattered by gamma rays accelerate and deflect off the earth's magnetic field.
Electrons seem to be nearly nothing.
Electrons shield the nucleus from an external magnetic field.
Electrons show magnetic character.
Electrons slip from atom to atom more easily than they ever do normally.
Electrons smash into protons, and a stupendous amount of energy is released as they form neutrons.
Electrons speak louder than words.
Electrons spin and rotate around the nucleus billions of times a second.
Electrons spin around atoms in shells, also known as orbitals.
Electrons spin around the center, or nucleus, of atoms, just like the moon around the earth.
Electrons spin around the nucleus in shells a great distance from the nucleus.
Electrons spin in pairs.
Electrons stay in shells around the nucleus of the atom.
Electrons stream from the cathode to the anode to illuminate phosphor.
Electrons surround every atom 's nucleus .
Electrons surround every atom's nucleus.
Electrons surround the atom in pathways called orbitals .
Electrons surround the atom in pathways called orbitals.
Electrons surround the atom s core.
Electrons surround the atomic nucleus in pathways called orbitals.
Electrons surround the nucleus in orbitals of various energies.
Electrons surround the nucleus in orbitals.
Electrons surround the nucleus.
Electrons take part in gravitational, electromagnetic and weak interactions.
Electrons tend to move from a point of negative potential toward a positive potential.
Electrons tend to move toward protons because electrons have far less mass than protons.
Electrons tend to spread until an even charge is obtained throughout the entire system.
Electrons tend towards the lowest energy level.
Electrons then come from the specimen.
Electrons transfer along a chain of proteins in the inner mitochondrial membrane.
Electrons travel faster through copper than aluminum, so less copper is needed for circuits.
Electrons travel from the cathode to the anode through an external wire.
Electrons travel up the wire, and the lower slip ring becomes positively charged.
Electrons traversing the periodic magnet structure are forced to undergo oscillations .
Electrons traversing the periodic magnet structure are forced to undergo oscillations.
Electrons tunnel more freely if the two fields are aligned.
Electrons vary tremendously in the amount of energy they contain.
Electrons always prefer the path of lowest impedance.
Electrons always take any short cuts they can find.
Electrons often orbit nuclei in atoms .
Electrons usually exist in pairs.
Electrons usually pair up with their spins opposite each other, and their fields cancel each other.
Electrons usually remain a constant distance from the nucleus in precise shells.
All electrons are identical to one another in mass, charge, spin, and magnetic moment.
All electrons are identical.
All electrons are in the lowest possible energy levels.
All electrons contain energy.
All electrons contain the same amount of energy.
All electrons have a negative charge.
All electrons have a relative minus one charge.
All electrons have equal probability to absorb a photon.
All electrons have negative charge.
All electrons have the same amount of energy.
All electrons have the same mass and charge.
All electrons spiral down to nuclear oblivion.
Every electron is infinite in the uncollapsed state.
Every electron is therefore a very tiny magnet, because electrons carry charge and they spin.
Many electrons pass undisturbed through a target.
More electrons leads to more repulsion between electrons which leads to a larger valence shell.
More electrons means a negative charge and fewer means a positive charge.
More electrons means more current which means less resistance.
More electrons reach the screen.
More electrons shrink an atom, less electrons allows an atom to grow in size.
Most electrons are paired, so their fields cancel.
Some electrons are closer to the nucleus than others.
Some electrons bounce off heavy atoms in the specimen.
Some electrons go through the insulator, it's much like a resistor.
Some electrons move from the ball down onto the foil strips.
Some electrons pass through the material others are scattered producing a visible image.
Electronegative compounds capture electrons resulting in a reduction in the current.
More electronegative elements oxidize others while less electronegative elements reduce others.
Electronegativities decrease from left to right across any row of the periodic table.
Electronegativity decreases down a column of the periodic table.
Electronegativity decreases from top to bottom .
Electronegativity follows same trend as ionization energy.
Electronegativity gets smaller with increasing distance from fluorine.
Electronegativity increases across the periodic table from left to right.
Electronegativity increases along the periods of the periodic table and decreases down each group.
Electronegativity increases from left to right and bottom to top on the periodic table.
Electronegativity is a measure of how powerful a atom is in a molecule to attract electrons.
Electronegativity is a measure of the ability of an atom to attract e- in a chem bond.
Electronegativity is a measure of the attraction of an atom for electrons in a covalent bond.
Electronegativity is a measure of the tendency of an atom to attract or gain an electron.
Electronegativity is a tendency
Electronegativity is a way of expressing the pull on electrons between atoms in a molecule.
Electronegativity is tendencies.
Electronegativity is the ability of an atom in a molecule to attract electrons toward itself.
Electronegativity is the electron attracting ability of an atom.
Electronegativity is the energy change accompanying the addition of an electron to a gaseous atom.
Electronegativity is the energy required to remove an electron from a gaseous atom.
Electronegativity is the tendancy of an atom to attract electrons to itself.
Electronegativity is the tendency of an atom to attract electrons .
Electronegativity is the tendency of an atom to attract electrons.
Electronegativity only has meaning in a bond.
Electronic access can also make operations more efficient.
Electronic access controls.
Electronic access is a major avenue to improve services which the public demands.
Electronic access is a privilege that entails responsibility.
Electronic access is accomplished without interruption or distraction of the synthesizer operator.
Electronic access is addressed through the use of the Internet.
Electronic access is also available via the ingentaJournals gateway.
Electronic access is also available.
Electronic access is another method of delivery of information.
Electronic access is available at no additional cost to full-price print subscribers.
Electronic access is available to all subscribers of the print version.
Electronic access is available via the intermediaries listed below.
Electronic access is beneficial to the users of academic information.
Electronic access is bundled with the print subscribes.
Electronic access is bundled with the subscription.
Electronic access is clearly the wave of the future.
Electronic access is free of charge.
Electronic access is in many ways an improvement.
Electronic access is offered to information provided by some publishers.
Electronic access is password protected.
Electronic access is very important to each institution and to their users.
Electronic access is via the ingentaJournals gateway.
Electronic access is, however, fraught with challenges.
Electronic access offers advantages for internal business systems .
Electronic access requires a one-time registration to set up a user name and password.
Electronic acknowledgments are in production.
Electronic Activist Provides e-mail addresses for national and state elected leaders.
Electronic activity is free.
Electronic actuation is a smart idea.
Electronic ads are preferred.
Electronic advertising can be regularly and instantly updated.
Electronic advertising is the way of the future.
Electronic agents inflate the traffic count.
Electronic air cleaning equipment ensures a clean air environment for our guests.
Electronic alarms are deterrents that draw attention to the vehicle when activated.
Electronic alarms warn residents and the campus safety office of open exit doors.
Electronic amplifiers have to be connected to electrical current or a battery to work .
Electronic amplifiers have to be connected to electrical current or a battery to work.
Electronic announcements are fine.
Electronic announcements use a two-step approach.
Electronic apparatus generates or processes sound to reproduce it.
Electronic application is available here .
Electronic application is easier at both ends of the procedure, especially when the Web is used.
Electronic applications are acceptable without signatures.
Electronic applications are acceptable.
Electronic applications are much easier on the applicants, too.
Electronic applications are preferred.
Electronic applications are welcome.
Electronic applications welcome.
Electronic approval is a second-best solution.
Electronic approval is considered the equivalent of a hand-written signature.
Electronic archives do, however, deliver numerous advantages over paper-based archives.
Electronic arrays made from amorphous selenium directly generate electrical impulses.
Electronic art is a generic term.
Electronic art is a weird world.
Electronic art is one example, and of course there's factory automation and high voltage.
Electronic art is preferred.
Electronic art is provided for reproduction purposes only.
Electronic art is quite sophisticated.
Electronic art reveals with striking clarity that the stuff of culture is information.
Electronic Arts are a real pain in the ass for copy protection.
Electronic Arts Get ready for a revolution.
All electronic art has to be converted to film positive.
Electronic articles are one file and therefore one page.
Electronic articles reside at their origin, connected through hyperlinks.
Electronic assignments are due before lecture and lab sessions.
Electronic atlases are a slightly different concept.
Electronic attenuation is only good for lower frequencies and misses the higher noises.
Electronic auctions are another new place to find old books.
Electronic autographs are useful.
Electronic balance is balance
Electronic balances are widely available and are used in many situations in pharmacy.
Electronic ballast increases energy efficiency.
Electronic ballast provides instant-on, flicker free light and lasts for up to five years.
Electronic ballasts are a proven technology, used in all new buildings today.
Electronic ballasts are also available.
Electronic ballasts are available in a wide range of ballast factors.
Electronic ballasts are far more efficient than older, magnetic ballasts.
Electronic ballasts are high-frequency versions of standard magnetic core and coil ballasts.
Electronic ballasts are kinder to lamps.
Electronic ballasts are lighter and quieter than magnetic ballasts, but cost more.
Electronic ballasts are major components in fluorescent light fixtures.
Electronic ballasts are more efficient in a number of ways.
Electronic ballasts are more expensive than electromagnetic ballasts.
Electronic ballasts are the most efficient.
Electronic ballasts can also produce energy savings which can results in dollar savings.
Electronic ballasts cost twice as much but have several advantages.
Electronic ballasts enjoy several advantages over magnetic ballasts.
Electronic ballasts offer greater lamp efficacy than magnetic ballasts, but are more expensive.
Electronic ballasts provide optimum energy efficiency.
Electronic ballasts regulate voltage using solid-state components rather than a magnetic core.
Electronic ballasts start and regulate fluorescent lamps with the use of electronic components.
Many electronic ballasts use the instant-start method.
Most electronic ballasts use instant-start technology that eliminates the flashing.
Electronic banking is also popular.
Electronic banking is another thing.
Electronic banking is here and happening fast.
Electronic banking is seen as quick, efficient and satisfying.
Electronic banking is usually cheaper.
Electronic banking See online banking .
Electronic banking seems to be the wave of the future.
Electronic battery charging regulator is included with battery equalizing capability.
Electronic beats pulse under rootsy guitar riffs.
Electronic bidding can also help companies get a stronger hold on their purchasing patterns.
Electronic bidding seems to be the best way to take advantage of the e-commerce marketplace.
Electronic bill paying as a benefit for employees is at a very early stage.
Electronic bills are an electronic form of our paper bills.
Electronic bills are available at the address below.
Electronic billing helps increase operating efficiency and improve customer relationships.
Electronic billing is a reality for some and new to others.
Electronic billing is all the rage as companies try to cut high paper costs.
Electronic billing is probably the most overlooked way to reduce freight costs.
Electronic billing is the next logical step.
Electronic billing reduces the time it takes an average household to manage bills.
Electronic blips can instantly carry millions of dollars thousands of miles.
Electronic Blocks are the physical embodiment of computer programming.
Electronic boards differ slightly.
Electronic boards work best when a large number of people contribute to the discussion.
Electronic book features, their reported importance and actual usage.
Electronic book helps early readers observe, develop memory skills, and practice reading.
Electronic book reveals secrets and methods used to find legitimate home employment.
Electronic books are a joy to read and make wonderful gifts.
Electronic books are a step into the future that children are eager to experience.
Electronic books are alive.
Electronic books are also more fluid than traditional books.
Electronic books are available for download within four hours and usually sooner.
Electronic books are available for download within four hours.
Electronic books are available through searching the Web through a variety of search engines.
Electronic books are available.
Electronic books are basically gadgets aimed at replacing printed pages with digital versions.
Electronic books are both a threat and an opportunity.
Electronic books are convenient to browse and read.
Electronic books are cool, but let's be real.
Electronic books are different animals.
Electronic books are in their earliest infancy.
Electronic books are integrated products that combine features found in books and computers.
Electronic books are kinder to trees.
Electronic books are much cheaper and faster to publish.
Electronic books are new to the reading public.
Electronic books are now available.
Electronic books are on the market, but they present words on screens.
Electronic books are part of an increase in reference and scholarly material available online.
Electronic books are publications on diskette.
Electronic books are still uncommon in the sciences, although their numbers are increasing.
Electronic books are the future of publishing, yet they are here today.
Electronic books are the future of publishing.
Electronic books are the hottest promotional tool on the Internet.
Electronic books are, at present, in a similarly rudimentary state of evolution.
Electronic books can ask questions and respond to the answers.
Electronic books can be speculative.
Electronic books can incorporate news and developments in a matter of weeks or days.
Electronic books come in many file formats.
Electronic books come with restrictions that their paper predecessors never enjoyed.
Electronic books cost less than paperbacks and offer a variety of talented authors.
Electronic books do away with paper entirely.
Electronic books have hyperlinks.
Electronic books hold enormous potential for the literary and educational communities.
Electronic books make it easy to tote a dozen books in one lightweight package.
Electronic Books make sense for carrying around lots of manuals, or for a college student.
Electronic books offer a new and exciting technological, visual and audio innovation.
Electronic books pose the most questions and challenges for libraries.
Electronic books save trees.
Electronic books seem to work best as collaborative projects.
Electronic books take up far less space than conventional books.
Electronic books take up less space than conventional books.
Electronic books try to provide an experience similiar to paper books.
Many electronic books offer new and exciting technological visual and audio innovations.
Most electronic books are multimedia productions, with the emphasis on visual effects.
Electronic bookmarks are less convenient than bits of paper.
Electronic boxes print perfect columns of type, and lasers separate colors in photos.
Electronic brake stops chuck quickly.
Electronic briefs make the court's job easier.
Electronic brochures incorporate text and pictures in a manner similar to web sites.
Electronic brokers are particularly harsh against quick sellers.
Electronic brokerage is regarded as the core concept to overcome the current limitations.
Electronic business can cause a lot of disruptions in an organization.
Electronic business consists of layers and layers of processes and steps.
Electronic business depends on efficient, accessible and affordable telecommunications.
Electronic business is a paradigm they're used to and are now beginning to expect.
Electronic business is more than web-commerce.
Electronic business is no longer an alternative, it's an imperative.
Electronic business is one of the fastest moving areas affecting manufacturers today.
Electronic business is supposed to be ushering in an era of efficiency.
Electronic business is the most recent step in the evolution of business transactions.
Electronic business means different things to different companies.
Electronic CAD can include circuit simulation.
Electronic Calculator Operate the calculator by touch.
Some electronic calculators are available for student use.
Electronic calendars are a good way to help the secretary deal with their busy day.
Electronic calipers allow on- screen analysis of intracardiac electrograms.
Electronic calipers are available for calibration and measurement of findings.
Electronic calipers have a window for a digital display.
Many electronic cameras drain battery power during long exposures.
Electronic Card Send an electronic card to someone.
Electronic cards are a great greetings .
Electronic cards are free, without the hassle of buying a stamp.
Electronic cards are more and more common, making it possible for our movements to be tracked.
Electronic cash becomes available for transmission over the Internet.
Electronic cash has the potential for providing added anonymity.
Electronic cash has the potential to cause tax authorities even more concern than physical cash.
Electronic cash is a subject of great economic, political, and research importance.
Electronic cash is untraceable.
Electronic cash is used over computer networks such as the Internet to purchase items.
Electronic cash offers security, through authentication, and offers non-repudiation of transactions.
Electronic catalogs are much more flexible than paper-based catalogs.
Electronic catalogs are searchable worldwide via the Internet.
Electronic catalogs are what Interchange is designed for.
Electronic catalogs offer two advantages.
Electronic catalogs use the Web to display products and services, take orders, and accept payment.
Electronic catalogues are databases.
Electronic catalogues are excellent for commerical and professional use.
Electronic catalogues are very new and still developing.
Electronic catalogues can automate many selection procedures.
Electronic certificates are digital fingerprints.
Electronic charger delivers the greatest charge when battery is ready to accept it.
Electronic charts are, however, only an aid to navigation.
Electronic charts can be helpful when used in combination with official charts.
Electronic check is actually cheaper than mailing a paper check or money order.
Electronic check is truly safer, faster and more convenient than a paper check.
Electronic checks are equivalent to paper based checks.
Electronic checks are just like paper but still in the testing phase.
Electronic checks are now very popular and super easy to do.
Electronic checks enhance the information value of paper checks substantially.
Electronic checks work in a very similar way.
Electronic checkbook balances itself.
Electronic checkbook records checks and balances itself.
Electronic cinema allows motion pictures to be digitally produced and electronically distributed.
Electronic cinema is the finest demonstration candidate for HDTV to the consumer public.
Electronic circuits are important components of vending machines.
Electronic circuits are microscopic and form the path through which electricity flows.
Electronic circuits can modify the natural frequency.
Electronic circuits can only get so tiny.
Electronic circuits fail and software has bugs.
Electronic circuits generate heat.
Electronic circuits process and transmit information.
Electronic circuits transfer more than a trillion dollars across international borders every day.
Electronic circuits work the same way, they are either on or off.
All electronic circuits are subject to noise.
All electronic circuits consist of a large number of different components.
All electronic circuits shuffle charge around from one circuit to another with wires.
Many electronic circuits involve capacitors charging or discharging through resistors.
Many electronic circuits use capacitors for charge buffering and timing applications.
Many electronic circuits use devices called capacitors.
Most electronic circuits require a DC power supply .
Most electronic circuits require a DC power supply.
Some electronic circuits use devices.
All electronic circuitry is protected by encapsulation in epoxy resin.
Electronic citations review.
Electronic claims are an option.
Electronic claims are certainly a time-saver as well.
Electronic claims are fast, inexpensive and far more accurate than paper claims.
Electronic claims can be cheaper and faster to send and process.
Electronic claims ensure greater accuracy, because of built-in checks on claims submission.
Electronic Claims Filing Electronic claims filing is available to all dental providers.
Electronic claims make it easy.
Electronic classrooms are for course-related uses only.
All electronic classrooms have connections to the high-speed campus ethernet network.
Some electronic classrooms have slightly different automated sequences.
Electronic Clerk can accommodate different commodities and multiple commodity months.
Electronic clocks can also count the moves made, and apply the set time limits for a game.
Electronic collaboration allows teachers to connect to a new set of colleagues.
Electronic collaboration is critical for the growth of businesses in today's global economy.
Electronic collaboration is important to consider because it can be done at any time, from anywhere.
Electronic collaboration is well-suited to intranets.
Electronic collection allows authors to do the work.
All electronic collections are available to any in-library user.
Electronic comments are welcome.
Electronic commerce adds transactional guarantees.
Electronic commerce begins with a global marketplace.
Electronic commerce brings more power to the artist than ever before.
Electronic commerce can allow corporations to become more efficient and workers more productive.
Electronic commerce can also raise the economic hopes for developing businesses.
Electronic commerce can and does reinforce community and extend value to members.
Electronic commerce can be a source of competitive strength for Tasmania and Tasmanian businesses.
Electronic commerce can be of great value to Brazil.
Electronic commerce can be tremendously valuable to CLECs as a value-added service.
Electronic commerce can help boost sales, lower costs and improve customer service.
Electronic commerce can help.
Electronic commerce can significantly improve an organization s efficiency and effectiveness.
Electronic commerce can take a number of forms.
Electronic commerce challenges the fundamental model of the business.
Electronic commerce conducted by phone happens today.
Electronic commerce continues to evolve dramatically.
Electronic commerce continues to grow in scope on a daily basis.
Electronic commerce creates an open marketplace with increased competition.
Electronic commerce depends upon the storage and processing of transactions in databases.
Electronic commerce draws hackers.
Electronic commerce encompasses all aspects of using the Internet for business or personal use.
Electronic commerce expands the market place.
Electronic commerce explores issues like Web marketing, with links to many related sites.
Electronic commerce faces the same .
Electronic commerce goes a step further.
Electronic commerce goes beyond selling on the Web.
Electronic commerce goes way beyond simply building a web page and waiting for someone to visit.
Electronic commerce grows slowly.
Electronic commerce has implications for women as consumers, producers and organizers.
Electronic commerce has the potential to be a key factor in Australia s future economic development.
Electronic commerce has the potential to become a huge river of wealth creation.
Electronic commerce has the potential to lower the cost of business and increase consumer options.
Electronic commerce has the potential to offer consumers an enormous choice of goods and services.
Electronic commerce has the potential to substantially benefit business and consumers.
Electronic commerce helps to alleviate the obstacles of distance, space, and time.
Electronic commerce holds the greatest promise when applied to specific industry groups.
Electronic commerce includes all aspects of business processes enabled by Internet technologies.
Electronic commerce increases consumer susceptibility to unsolicited advertising and marketing.
Electronic commerce introduces new technology into the mix.
Electronic commerce involves information publishing, data access and transaction processing.
Electronic commerce involves relationships on the network.
Electronic commerce is a borderless game.
Electronic commerce is a by-product of literacy.
Electronic commerce is a far broader field than can be thoroughly covered in any one course.
Electronic commerce is a global phenomenon.
Electronic commerce is a growing area fuelled by the popularity of the Internet.
Electronic commerce is a growing part of every state s economy, and Pennsylvania is no exception.
Electronic commerce is a growing sales channel for business.
Electronic commerce is a hot topic in both the computer industry and the business world.
Electronic commerce is a hot topic.
Electronic commerce is a means of enabling and supporting such changes on a global scale.
Electronic commerce is a method for effectively selling products and services via the internet.
Electronic commerce is a new issue for the agenda in Seattle.
Electronic commerce is a part of that strategy.
Electronic commerce is a potentially major source of growth for small and medium-sized activities.
Electronic commerce is a rapidly evolving medium, as are the laws governing it.
Electronic commerce is a rapidly growing area accompanied by the growth of the Internet.
Electronic commerce is about doing business electronically.
Electronic commerce is about doing business in the age of computer and electronic networks.
Electronic commerce is about doing business on the web.
Electronic commerce is about speed and flexibility.
Electronic commerce is also about communictions.
Electronic commerce is also about computers.
Electronic commerce is an area where graduates are in demand.
Electronic commerce is an area which is moving very fast in Canada and around the world.
Electronic commerce is an ever-expanding area in the business world.
Electronic commerce is an extremely significant component of today's technology-driven economy.
Electronic commerce is an innovative approach to ensuring future sustainable economic growth.
Electronic commerce is an issue in which our collective experience is just beginning to evolve.
Electronic commerce is an opportunity for developing countries to expand trade.
Electronic commerce is another important agenda item.
Electronic commerce is at the heart of our future.
Electronic commerce is at the leading edge of business process innovation.
Electronic commerce is at the leading edge of the trends that are transforming the world economy.
Electronic commerce is borderless by definition.
Electronic commerce is borderless.
Electronic commerce is certainly the way things are going in business.
Electronic commerce is commercial activities.
Electronic commerce is de facto an international market phenomenon.
Electronic commerce is defined as sales over the Internet, with or without on-line payment.
Electronic commerce is dynamic, competitive and market driven.
Electronic commerce is essentially a global, rather than a national, issue.
Electronic commerce is far and away the fastest growing area of business in the world today.
Electronic commerce is finally on the rise and is slowly and surely moving toward acceptance.
Electronic commerce is global by definition and essentially unrestricted by geography.
Electronic commerce is global, information driven, and technologically efficient.
Electronic commerce is heavily involved with attaching databases to web sites.
Electronic commerce is here and now.
Electronic commerce is here to stay.
Electronic commerce is hurt by security concerns and legal uncertainties.
Electronic commerce is important to a business because the future of the company can be at stake.
Electronic commerce is in the process of reinventing how business is done.
Electronic commerce is increasingly global and can reinforce the trend towards tradeliberalization.
Electronic commerce is just a way for customers to shop on line.
Electronic commerce is just one of the many applications.
Electronic commerce is key to every major industry today.
Electronic commerce is like the wild west of the economy.
Electronic commerce is maybe number one way to sell products in the future.
Electronic commerce is more than buying widgets online.
Electronic commerce is more than just buying and selling products online.
Electronic commerce is more than simply buying and selling over Web sites.
Electronic commerce is much more than buying and selling goods online.
Electronic commerce is much more than online transactions.
Electronic commerce is no different than any other type of commerce.
Electronic commerce is non-existent.
Electronic commerce is nothing new in itself.
Electronic commerce is nothing new.
Electronic commerce is nothing short of a revolution in business.
Electronic commerce is nothing to be afraid of.
Electronic commerce is of course more than the mere use of technology.
Electronic commerce is on everybodys lips right now.
Electronic commerce is on the rise as well.
Electronic commerce is one class of services in which authorization decisions play a prominent role.
Electronic commerce is one example of the use of technology in the supply chain management process.
Electronic commerce is one of the first products of the emerging internet economy.
Electronic commerce is one of the newest business solutions.
Electronic commerce is our specialty.
Electronic commerce is part of a broader process of economic, social and cultural change.
Electronic commerce is possible through secure protocols.
Electronic commerce is really the industry to get involved in.
Electronic commerce is remote commerce.
Electronic commerce is seen as a complementary promotional tool to personal selling.
Electronic commerce is set to be one of the driving forces behind the global economy.
Electronic commerce is simply a way to market and sell products over the Internet.
Electronic commerce is still at an early stage of development.
Electronic commerce is still new to most people.
Electronic commerce is still very, very new.
Electronic commerce is technology for change.
Electronic commerce is the act of buying and selling products or services on the web.
Electronic commerce is the big issue for the state, along with intellectual-property rights.
Electronic commerce is the buzzword in computer circles at the moment.
Electronic commerce is the doing of business electronically.
Electronic commerce is the enabler and integrator rather than the originator or purpose.
Electronic commerce is the evolution of traditional business.
Electronic commerce is the fastest growing use of the Internet.
Electronic commerce is the funding mechanism.
Electronic commerce is the future .
Electronic commerce is the future of business.
Electronic commerce is the future of commerce.
Electronic commerce is the glue that holds the supply chain together.
Electronic commerce is the leveler between great and small.
Electronic commerce is the most potent vehicle to increase tax collection.
Electronic commerce is the most recent step in the evolution of business transactions.
Electronic commerce is the new horizon for the business world.
Electronic commerce is the new way of business.
Electronic commerce is the next big move.
Electronic commerce is the process of buying and selling goods electronically.
Electronic commerce is the use of computer networks to improve organizational performance.
Electronic commerce is the wave of the future for state licensing agencies.
Electronic commerce is the way to the future.
Electronic commerce is today still a small but rapidly growing part of the business world.
Electronic commerce is truly a global phenomenon.
Electronic commerce knows no borders.
Electronic commerce knows no geographic boundaries, and it challenges old regulatory paradigms.
Electronic commerce knows no geographic boundaries, thereby challenging old regulatory paradigms.
Electronic commerce makes it possible to trade at low cost across regions and national frontiers.
Electronic commerce means commercial transactions conducted over electronic networks.
Electronic commerce means conducting business electronically.
Electronic commerce means conducting business on the Internet.
Electronic commerce means many things to many people.
Electronic commerce needs electronic meeting places to conduct business.
Electronic commerce needs eyeballs to visit sites and to purchase.
Electronic commerce occurs over an inherently global medium.
Electronic commerce offers enormous opportunities for the region.
Electronic commerce offers unprecedented opportunities for farmers and more broadly for rural areas.
Electronic commerce offers unprecedented opportunities for farmers and rural areas.
Electronic commerce operates on the same fundamental principles.
Electronic commerce poses a number of challenges for the law.
Electronic commerce poses especially interesting and critical challenges for auditing.
Electronic commerce present both opportunities and threats to regional development in rural areas.
Electronic commerce presents a raft of policy challenges for the international community.
Electronic commerce presents all businesses with new ways, reasons, and opportunities to change.
Electronic commerce promises dramatic changes in the workforce as well.
Electronic commerce raises a significant number of legal issues.
Electronic commerce raises a whole host of security and privacy issues.
Electronic commerce raises many questions relating to the concept of permanent establishment .
Electronic commerce raises serious privacy concerns for consumers.
Electronic commerce refers to a wide range of transactions.
Electronic commerce refers to more than the buying and selling of goods over the Internet.
Electronic commerce remains a delicate issue.
Electronic commerce represents the future, but holds many traps.
Electronic commerce requires home pages and templates done by humans .
Electronic commerce requires new skills for network literacy.
Electronic commerce requires the ability to easily and securely submit and retrieve data.
Electronic commerce seems to be a future quickly turning into a reality.
Electronic commerce serves as a similar safety valve for excessive taxation.
Electronic commerce sparks new technologies, new issues, and new laws.
Electronic commerce supports both internal and external business functions.
Electronic commerce tops the list, observers say.
Electronic commerce transcends geographic boundaries, cultural biases, and political differences.
Electronic commerce waits for consumers to get faster on-line access.
Most electronic commerce occurs across phone lines.
Electronic communication adds another dimension to student-teacher interaction.
Electronic communication allows collaborations unlimited by miles or continents.
Electronic communication breaks down all kinds of barriers of space and time.
Electronic communication brings both enlightenment and consternation to our household.
Electronic communication can be a time sink.
Electronic communication can be through text, video and audio graphics.
Electronic communication can enhance the quality of student-teacher interaction.
Electronic communication can help FPs regain control over how they take care of patients.
Electronic communication can provide respondents with time to reflect, prior to responding.
Electronic communication devices sales and service.
Electronic communication dissolves all borders and distance.
Electronic communication drives interest, builds revenue, and develops customer relationships.
Electronic communication enables users to read, see, and listen to all sorts of documented works.
Electronic communication evens the communication field.
Electronic communication has a steep learning curve, and can be frustrating for others.
Electronic communication has a steep learning curve.
Electronic communication has the potential to strengthen our democracy.
Electronic communication is a cheaper and more effective way to communicate on short notice.
Electronic communication is a discourse, the giving and taking of information.
Electronic communication is a matter of signal and noise.
Electronic communication is a transmission
Electronic communication is also increasingly recordable, and, as such, discoverable.
Electronic communication is an effective means of getting important information out promptly.
Electronic communication is available via the following.
Electronic communication is constantly in a state of dynamic flux or change as the media evolves.
Electronic communication is fast and easy, and it is rapidly becoming fairly ubiquitous.
Electronic communication is increasingly recordable, and, as such, discoverable.
Electronic communication is interactive.
Electronic communication is necessary for a dynamic user group.
Electronic communication is nowadays a very versatile medium.
Electronic communication is often a great way to get information.
Electronic communication is possible.
Electronic communication is predicated by the availability of resources - hardware.
Electronic communication is preferred.
Electronic communication is quick, direct, and flexible.
Electronic communication is super-fast and very inexpensive.
Electronic communication is transmissions.
Electronic communication is ubiquitous and less personal in nature than other forms of interaction.
Electronic communication is vulnerable to interception, misdirection, or rerouting.
Electronic communication makes only sense if there is something to communicate.
Electronic communication manifests through electricity.
Electronic communication offers higher, faster levels of problem- solving and understanding.
Electronic communication offers new teaching and learning opportunities.
Electronic communication provides a variety of ways to violate student-instructor privacy.
Electronic communication renders such arbitrary geographical distinctions moot.
Electronic communication requires a whole new set of communication skills and rules.
Electronic communication seems more ambiguous or anonymous than other forms.
Electronic communication sends instant messages across the world.
Electronic communication speeds and facilitates such interaction.
Electronic communication spreads the news of new net resources.
Electronic communications allows it to happen.
Electronic communications are subject to access by subpoena or other lawful order.
Electronic communications are subject to search without notice.
Electronic communications are tailor-made for the purpose.
Electronic communications are unwritten and easy to fabricate or alter.
Electronic communications can speed up the administrative part of the process.
Electronic communications continue to play a greater role in helping the company deliver services.
Electronic communications covers a wide range of services.
Electronic communications enable cross checks to track card usage.
Electronic communications enhance and enlarge that opportunity.
Electronic communications fly across national boundaries at a press of a button.
Electronic communications help intertwine participants.
Electronic communications help intertwine the participants.
Electronic communications is a mission critical task for every business.
Electronic communications is interactive.
Electronic communications makes mentoring easier.
Electronic communications makes that possible.
Electronic communications offer great openings for forgers and for commercial opportunists.
Electronic communications play an increasingly important role in everyday life of European citizens.
Electronic communications tend to bond groups together.
All electronic communication is treated as extremely private.
Electronic communities are already a reality for scholars around the globe.
Electronic communities are no longer the exclusive domain of the socially challenged.
Electronic communities build nothing.
Electronic communities connect government, education, and business.
Some electronic companies produce such cards.
Electronic compasses are a modern variation on traditional compasses.
Electronic compatibility is an essential foundation for sharing within and across sites.
Electronic competency is assumed.
Electronic components are electrical components.
Electronic components are electronic devices.
Electronic components are pretty robust and very long lived when treated with respect and care.
Electronic components are products.
Electronic components are usually available from several computer manufacturers.
Electronic components databooks check it out fantastic library.
Electronic components have negative resistance.
Electronic components have resistance.
Electronic components prefer to be at a constant temperature.
All electronic components are to military standard and no limited life cycle parts are used.
All electronic components are top quality, industrial grade, and conservatively rated.
Most electronic components contain a single integrated circuit embedded in a plastic package.
Most electronic components have negative resistance.
Most electronic components have resistance.
Some electronic components contain lead.
Some electronic components produce light.
Electronic conduction is the passage of free electrons through a material.
Electronic conferences are truly democratic way of communication.
Electronic configurations are, in a structural sense, remarkably acoustic.
Electronic connections are almost instantaneous, however.
Electronic connections support communities that know no geographic boundaries.
Electronic consoles are mazes of uncertainty.
All electronic construction provides a long life counter with no mechanical parts to wear out.
Electronic contact is obviously necessary when students are engaging the material from remote sites.
Electronic content is fast, cost effective, convenient, dynamic and interactive.
Electronic contracts are a crucial and presently uncertain element of electronic commerce.
All electronic contracts try to impose certain terms and conditions.
Electronic contributions are preferred.
All electronic contributions are available below.
Electronic control is key to improving powertrain performance.
Electronic control is mounted on rear of plate.
Electronic controls allow instant control over pools by simply picking up a phone.
Electronic controls allow the stirrer to control the speed with greater accuracy.
Electronic controls are important for comfort, safety and efficiency.
Electronic controls are more flexible, reliable and faster.
Electronic controls have a flat surface with no knobs to clean around.
Electronic controls help to assure proper frequency of the electricity output.
Electronic controls Name the major electronic control circuit components of a copy machine.
Electronic controls provide accurate temperature control.
Electronic controller is immune to line noise.
Electronic conversion is in progress.
Electronic copies are also available upon request.
Electronic copies are also available.
Electronic copies are available below.
Electronic copies are available here .
Electronic copies are available on the web.
Electronic copies are available on-line.
Electronic copies are in Word format.
Electronic copies are just a bad idea since the information changes quite often.
Electronic copies are now copy-paste enabled and printable.
Electronic copies are preferred.
Electronic copy is always best since scanning and converting printed text is inaccurate.
Electronic copy is preferred.
Electronic copy is sufficient - see below.
Electronic copying requires specific permission beyond that granted here.
Electronic corrections are faster than mailing the form back to the federal processor.
Electronic corrections speed up the process.
Electronic correspondence is appreciated.
Electronic correspondence is preferred.
Some electronic counters perform same tasks.
Some electronic counters perform tasks.
Electronic criminals exploit our children through child pornography and online enticement.
Electronic culture is the enemy.
Electronic currency is the key to online participation.
Electronic currents create magnetic fields that radiate away from the currents.
Electronic dance rhythms skitter through the songs, and doleful lyrics describe ruined lives.
An electronic database is a database
Electronic databases adhere to much stricker definitions.
Electronic databases are also now available from any computer with internet capability.
Electronic databases are always cheaper to use.
Electronic databases are available in a variety of formats and can be accessed in several ways.
Electronic databases are available in each of the subject areas studied on site.
Electronic databases are available to locate information in journals.
Electronic databases are available.
Electronic databases are currently available on a campus-wide basis.
Electronic databases are databases.
Electronic databases are non-allowable expenses in the program budget.
Electronic databases are tools used for finding information on recent topics.
Electronic databases can help to identify the most appropriate terms and any alternatives.
Electronic databases cover literature published in recent years.
Electronic databases cover more titles and include a wider span of dates.
Electronic Databases Find journal articles and other documents.
Electronic databases intersect with historical research in two ways.
Electronic databases make it possible to delve deeper into the records of individuals.
Electronic databases provide access to journal and newspaper articles through the web.
Electronic databases provide opportunities for libraries to share bibliographic information.
Electronic databases provide suggestions.
Electronic Databases See a full list of all electronic data services available.
Many electronic databases are continuations of printed sources that list the same type of material.
Many electronic databases have a list, or thesaurus of subject headings.
Many electronic databases have a print index counterpart that covers the needed time period.
Many electronic databases incorporate a thesaurus.
Many electronic databases provide full-text access to articles as well.
Many electronic databases provide summaries, abstracts, or in some cases entire articles.
Most electronic databases provide suggestions.
Some electronic databases are accessible via telnet.
Some electronic databases are also available via the Internet.
Some electronic databases contain the full text of articles. .
Some electronic databases contain the full text of articles.
Some electronic databases provide users with a list of related key words or topics.
Electronic data are most flexible and powerful when stored in the rawest form possible.
Electronic data can also be immediate and directed.
Electronic data eliminates the time and expense of manually creating a database from hardcopy data.
Electronic data has the advantage of being instantly available and easy to update.
Electronic data is like the trucks moving down the information highway.
Electronic data is more vulnerable to unauthorized changes or transfer of data.
Electronic data is owned by the institution and is a vital university asset.
Electronic data is somehow unreal.
Electronic data is vulnerable.
Electronic data open the door to new approaches for protecting human and ecological health.
Electronic deliberation continues throughout the semester.
Electronic delivery ensures that content changes are available and on screen immediately.
Electronic delivery is already a huge threat.
Electronic delivery is also available.
Electronic delivery is assumed unless otherwise ordered.
Electronic delivery is for one person unless otherwise licensed.
Electronic delivery is in pdf format.
Electronic delivery is particularly attractive for our International customers.
Electronic delivery is practical only if access is simple, stable, and fast.
Electronic delivery is priced separately.
Electronic delivery is provided for registered users only.
Electronic delivery is the preferred method of delivery.
Electronic delivery takes less time and has several advantages.
Electronic democracy is very alive over the Internet.
Electronic deposit is a safe and convenient method for employees to receive their pay.
Many electronic designs feature a single return that acts as a reference for all signals.
An electronic device is a device
Electronic devices account for about half of sales.
Electronic devices are available which monitor the heart rate and breathing of sleeping babies.
Electronic devices are complex, expensive, and cumbersome.
Electronic devices are devices.
Electronic devices are electrical devices.
Electronic devices are especially helpful in locating fish.
Electronic devices are high in cognitive friction.
Electronic devices are in widespread use in everyday life.
Electronic devices are necessary to detect most of the longer waves, such as radio waves.
Electronic devices are products.
Electronic devices are the building blocks of all electronic circuitry.
Electronic devices can interfere with aircraft electronic systems.
Electronic devices can only be portable if they maintain their own, self-sufficient power source.
Electronic devices depend on the properties of solids with extended structures.
Electronic devices form along the interface between the smaller and larger sections.
Electronic devices generate sound waves, which stimulate the gas to alternately expand and contract.
Electronic devices make sound.
Electronic devices require power.
Electronic devices require voltage.
All electronic devices emit some low level electromagnetic radiation.
All electronic devices have many electrical connections throughout the device.
All electronic devices reproduce color differently.
All electronic devices use microelectronic packages or integrated circuits in order to function.
Many electronic devices reduce stuttering.
Many electronic devices use small rubber bands.
Many electronic devices use the ground as a reference.
Most electronic devices make sound.
Most electronic devices require power.
Most electronic devices require voltage.
Some electronic devices contain materials.
Some electronic devices have computer chips in ignition keys.
Some electronic devices require a direct rather than alternating current.
Some electronic devices require activations.
Some electronic devices require magnets.
Some electronic devices transform energy.
Electronic diaries held on desktop computers, then, make booking meetings much easier.
An electronic dictionary is a database
More electronic dictionaries are on the way.
Electronic directory is simple to use, requiring only basic Internet access.
Electronic discovery poses another problem, especially in cases involving technology businesses.
Electronic discussion can occur in dorm rooms, computer labs, a living room, even the beach.
Electronic discussion is, of course, notorious for flame wars.
Electronic discussions help incorporate social supports.
Electronic disks appear far more vulnerable.
Electronic displays have limited dimensions.
Electronic displays show waiting passengers when the next bus is arriving.
Some electronic displays work with specific types of switches.
Electronic distribution appears to be working well.
Electronic distribution has many advantages over printed distribution.
Electronic distribution has the ability to nearly eliminate distribution costs for information.
Electronic distribution is available for Zerorejects.
Electronic distribution is fast, cost efficient, and dramatically enhances officer productivity.
Electronic distribution is one weapon that gives a small company an advantage.
Electronic distribution is preferred to contain costs and provide timely information.
Electronic distribution is unauthorized, but links are welcome.
Electronic distribution is viable for all product types and markets.
Electronic distribution reduces the time from days to minutes.
Electronic document routing via the Web is also possible.
Electronic documents allow the case file to be searched by computer.
Electronic documents are a complex array of data types, including audio, video, text and images.
Electronic documents are accessible to many viewers simultaneously.
Electronic documents are also much easier to process.
Electronic documents are available on our web site.
Electronic documents are easier to store, organize, and retrieve than their hard copy equivalents.
Electronic documents are less stable and more difficult to define than their print counterparts.
Electronic documents are more permanent than paper documents.
Electronic documents are no different.
Electronic documents are one step closer to replacing their paper counterparts.
Electronic documents are, by their nature, unstable.
Electronic documents can be image , plain text or formatted documents , such as SGML and forms .
Electronic documents can be very large.
Electronic Documents can free people from the tyranny of paper.
Electronic documents can literally be here today and gone tomorrow.
Electronic documents challenge the archival system in place.
Electronic documents cost less than their printed cousins.
Electronic documents have to be stored on optical storage.
Electronic documents help keep an organization from experiencing paper explosions.
Electronic documents introduce new complexities in research that are still being sorted out.
Electronic documents make it cheaper and easier to distribute copies to involved parties.
Electronic documents provide secure storage, instantaneous access, and ease of distribution.
Electronic documents remain available to download for ten days.
Electronic documents require such signatures to the same extent.
Electronic documents suffer from another flaw.
Electronic documents support word search, cut and paste, and other functions.
All electronic documents have an extension that identifies what type of file it is.
Many electronic documents are dynamic.
Electronic documentation is included on all media.
Electronic door lock in all rooms.
Electronic door locks for added security.
Electronic drafts are nothing new.
Electronic drafters draw wiring diagrams, circuit board assembly diagrams, and layout drawings.
Electronic drums are also compact.
Electronic drums are electronic drums and they feel great just how they are.
Electronic drums are great for much of today's modern music.
Electronic drums are used for many purposes.
Electronic drums can feel cold, especially with headphone use.
Electronic drums use velocity sensors to control the size of the graphics on a display.
Electronic edition consists of only partial content of the print edition.
Electronic edition consists of only the table of contents and abstracts of articles.
Electronic edition consists of only the table of contents.
Electronic edition consists of the full content of the print edition.
Electronic edition is completely searchable by word or phrase, and printable.
Electronic editions are available about one week earlier.
Many electronic editions mount only selected articles from current hard copy issues.
Electronic effects are implicit in the analytic functional forms and parameterization.
Electronic effects contribute to the overall ambient texture.
Electronic effects dominate rather than electric guitar.
Electronic elections are valid provided adequate security measures are observed and enforced.
Electronic elements have to be replaced to do so.
Electronic email is used to notify teachers of their turn for class news or guest appearances.
Electronic encyclopedias are also available.
Electronic encyclopedias are just a superior way of doing things.
Electronic engineers dream of translating languages on a computer.
Electronic engineers work in the electrical, electronics and computer engineering fields.
Electronic engineers work with smaller appliances like cell phones, and radio circuit boards.
Some electronic engineers advance to positions.
Some electronic engineers advance to supervisory positions.
Electronic engineering meets elegant design.
Electronic engravers are available for engraving computers, stereos, cameras and TVs.
Electronic enrollment reduces data entry errors.
Electronic entertainment stifles creative thinking.
Electronic entries are closed.
Electronic equalizers operate over more precise bands, for corrections that are more selective.
Electronic equipment can do metric at the push of a button or with very minor programming.
Electronic equipment contains tiny microprocessors that keep track of time.
Electronic equipment includes an extension cord, power strip and six foot table.
Electronic equipment includes radar, computer hardware, and communications and video equipment.
Electronic equipment is attached, and the shark is revived.
Electronic equipment is available for the test.
Electronic equipment is available to be lent to accredited journalists during the election period.
Electronic equipment is equipment
Electronic equipment is equipment.
Electronic equipment is installed by the customer.
Electronic equipment is manufactured using a mix of materials such as metals, plastics, and glass.
Electronic equipment is manufactured, and tourism is important.
Electronic equipment is more accurate, but more expensive.
Electronic equipment is now smaller and lighter in weight.
Electronic equipment is used to extend the sound space.
Electronic equipment is used to facilitate the learning of conversational skills.
Electronic equipment is very vulnerable to power surges.
Electronic equipment operates on different frequencies.
Electronic equipment presents loads that, quite often, are less well behaved.
Electronic equipment registers weights, supplying data about cargo incomes and outcomes.
Electronic equipment runs by itself.
Electronic equipment suffers ill effects from humidity.
All electronic equipment generates radio waves, which interfere with other devices.
All electronic equipment has a finite life-span.
All electronic equipment has plastic parts and new plastics are continually being developed.
All electronic equipment has the potential to interfere with other electronic equipment.
Any electronic equipment can emit interfering signals.
Most electronic equipment has a remote control .
Most electronic equipment operates on DC power, at relatively low voltages.
Some electronic equipment is currently in use.
Some electronic equipment is highly susceptible to fluctuations or failures in electrical power.
Some electronic equivalents work in the reverse mode.
Electronic etiquette advises keeping postings brief.
Electronic evidence is oftentimes the deciding factor in a criminal or civil action.
Electronic execution is permitted and trading can also take place on the telephone.
Electronic experts are just a mouse click away.
Electronic Explosion Offers consumer electronics.
Electronic eyes watch the earth and monitor production processes.
Electronic fabrication is of time-proven vacuum tubes.
Electronic factors play a large role in the binding of alkenes to transition metals.
Electronic feedback is achieved by monitoring the voltage generated by the seismic coil.
Electronic feedback is faster.
Electronic feedback is possible through the KSDE website.
Electronic fences are easier to install than a traditional fence.
Electronic file is backed up daily and only retained until payroll history records are updated.
Electronic files allow more than one person or agency to view a file at a time.
Electronic files are accessible on campus and are backed up twice nightly.
Electronic files are also acceptable.
Electronic files are available by clicking on the URL links in the online catalog.
Electronic files are in a variety of formats, and part of the job comes in as film.
Electronic files are optimal, of course.
Electronic files are preferred .
Electronic files are preferred.
Electronic files are simple to create, update, print and store for future needs.
Electronic files are susceptible to computer viruses.
Electronic files can be .TIF, .JPEG or .EPS files.
Electronic files follow many of the same file identification and labeling guidelines as paper files.
All electronic files belong to somebody.
Every electronic file is unique.
Electronic filers receive their refunds in four days or less.
Electronic filers remember to print, sign and mail the signature page.
Electronic filing accelerates the processing of a consumer's tax return.
Electronic filing allows faster processing and quicker reimbursement.
Electronic filing allows instantaneous filing from remote locations.
Electronic filing allows taxpayers to get their refunds quickly.
Electronic filing allows unique advantages over traditional filing.
Electronic filing begins when two entities agree to interchange information electronically.
Electronic filing can handle easy to moderately complex returns.
Electronic filing can speed up the process significantly.
Electronic filing continues to be a popular filing method.
Electronic filing cuts down on errors and speeds the processing of returns and refunds.
Electronic filing eliminates the labor of opening mail and data entry, and cuts down on human error.
Electronic filing eliminates the traditional delays associated with paper claims.
Electronic filing gets easier with expanded e-signature identification number option.
Electronic filing gets passing grade.
Electronic Filing has many benefits.
Electronic filing is a faster, and more efficient way to process mass claims.
Electronic filing is a hot issue with several mainstream vendors vying for market share.
Electronic filing is a win-win situation.
Electronic filing is also available.
Electronic filing is another option.
Electronic filing is appropriate for nearly all civil cases.
Electronic filing is available for federal, Iowa, Illinois and Wisconsin tax returns.
Electronic filing is available for most returns.
Electronic Filing is available through tax preparers and some local tax authorities.
Electronic filing is available to attorneys for certain cases.
Electronic Filing is available to attorney's in certain cases.
Electronic filing is available.
Electronic filing is cheaper, saving costs on paper, ink, postage, and time.
Electronic filing is convenient, accurate, secure and fast.
Electronic filing is described in more detail in the program information guide.
Electronic filing is easy and fast .
Electronic filing is encouraged.
Electronic filing is fast, secure, convenient and easy.
Electronic filing is faster and less error-prone.
Electronic filing is faster than completing a paper form.
Electronic filing is faster, cheaper and cuts down on paper.
Electronic filing is faster, less error-prone.
Electronic filing is free for the first federal return, with a mail-in rebate.
Electronic filing is free via rebate on the deluxe version.
Electronic Filing is included at no extra charge for Individual returns.
Electronic filing is included FREE with our special rebate for valued customers.
Electronic filing is included.
Electronic filing is more efficient and eliminates the paper chase.
Electronic filing is most beneficial when it is tightly integrated into a court s existing system.
Electronic Filing is nothing new to the courts.
Electronic filing is offered by a rapidly growing number of tax practitioners.
Electronic filing is only the beginning of the electronic courtroom.
Electronic filing is permitted.
Electronic filing is preferred.
Electronic filing is provided free of charge.
Electronic filing is simply a new, additional way of filing in certain cases.
Electronic Filing is so close, yet so far.
Electronic Filing is the electronic transmission of court documents to the courthouse.
Electronic filing is the fastest, safest and most accurate way to file income tax returns.
Electronic filing is the transmission by computer of a court pleading to the clerk of the court.
Electronic filing is virtually error-free.
Electronic filing means far more than submitting information on a form.
Electronic filing means faster refunds for taxpayers and more accurate filing than paper returns.
Electronic filing offers convenience and accuracy.
Electronic filing offers taxpayers confirmed receipt, reduced errors, and quicker refunds.
Electronic filing offers the judicial system an alternative to a paper-based system.
Electronic filing provides all the same benefits of the other tools.
Electronic filing remains the fastest, easiest way to file.
Electronic filing removes part of the paper in the court filing process.
Electronic filing saves the cost of a registered letter.
Electronic filing saves time, money and errors.
Electronic Filing Welcome to the future home of electronic filing on the Internet.
Electronic filter gets everything else.
Electronic filters are electronic components.
Electronic filters are products.
Electronic filters are the most effective filters for highly sensitive people.
Electronic finance is a truly huge opportunity.
Electronic finance meets the wireless market.
Electronic flash can freeze action and increase depth of field.
Electronic flash can freeze action and increases depth of field.
Electronic flash is artificial lighting produced by an electronic discharge in a gas filled tube.
Electronic flash is cheaper and far more widely available.
Electronic flash is excellent for close-ups of live subjects to stop motion.
Electronic flash produces clear images of vehicles under all light and weather conditions.
Electronic flashes draw a lot of current in a short time.
Electronic foot switch for hands-free punching.
Electronic forgery is very difficult to detect and costs financial institutions billions every year.
Electronic forms are a great way to get in and see new clients.
Electronic forms are available .
Electronic forms are available for renewing items, placing holds, and requesting information.
Electronic forms are available for several library services.
Electronic forms are available in several different formats.
Electronic forms are available.
Electronic forms are easy to fill out.
Electronic forms are just plain better than the old-fashioned paper kind.
Electronic forms are some of the most essential locations of digital signatures.
Electronic forms are the most popular files downloaded from the VA external server.
Electronic forms can also handle the results of database queries.
Electronic forms can take many shapes.
Electronic forms offer a convenient way to fill in information electronically.
Electronic forms permit books to be renewed and questions to be asked of the reference staff.
Electronic forms provide blank spaces that users fill with specific information.
Electronic forms provide many user benefits.
All electronic forms are subject to verification by contest organizers.
Electronic format is indicated by an asterisk.
Electronic format is preferred.
Electronic format is required to ensure accuracy and efficiency.
Electronic format is via the Cambridge Scientific Abstracts Internet Database Service.
Electronic format is via the Cambridge Scientific Abstracts Internet Service.
Electronic format makes systematization itself flexible.
Electronic formats allow for the storing large quantities of information.
Electronic formats are choosen when it is a useful addition to the collection.
Electronic formats are preferred, but hard copies are acceptable.
Electronic formats are unacceptable.
Electronic formats are yet another nightmare for both the writer and publisher.
Electronic formats make possible the access to information from nearly anywhere in the world.
Electronic formats offer flexibility in presentation and increased portability.
Any electronic format is acceptable.
Any electronic format used by the word processing system to generate the document is permissible.
Most electronic formats are acceptable.
Electronic Friendships Can Be Profitable.
Electronic fulfillment can quite literally happen instantly, at least on the web.
All electronic functions deplete the battery Recording, zooming, auto-focusing, playback, etc.
Electronic functionality is highly advanced.
Electronic funds transfer for application fees and deposits.
Electronic funds transfer for withdrawal, transfer, or deposit of funds for investment purposes.
Electronic funds transfer methods of payment are also available on a voluntary basis.
Electronic funds transfer to merchant bank accounts.
Electronic funds transfer United States.
Electronic funds transfer, like any banking transaction, is regulated by federal agencies.
Electronic funds transfer.
Electronic funds transfers The layout is similar to the other special journals.
Electronic gadgets are ever present with television, video games, and computer systems.
Electronic gadgets embody references to the urban ghetto, complete with boom box buildings.
Electronic games can be both entertainment and education.
Electronic games require interactive responses at a low data rate.
Electronic gaming is one of the most dynamic and fastest-growing portions of the show.
Electronic gateways can make new connections between suppliers and consumers.
Electronic genealogy is a powerful tool.
Electronic globalization moves jobs elsewhere.
Electronic goods come from Japan and other Asian sources, while the rest come from Europe.
Electronic government enables citizens to interact with a streamlined, service-oriented government.
Electronic government is no longer a matter of if, but when.
Electronic grade is used for etching semiconductor crystals.
Electronic grain feels very zappy.
Electronic graphics operator for daily newscasts.
Electronic graphics show important statistical indicators of economic and social changes.
Electronic greetings are a quick, fun way to keep in touch.
Electronic Greetings Create and send unique electronic greeting cards to friends and family.
Electronic Greetings Put a smile on someone's face.
Electronic harassment can take any number of forms.
Electronic harassment is as illegal as any other kind.
Electronic hardware continues to shrink while becoming more powerful.
Electronic heart monitor with variable load.
Electronic hierarchies can redistribute power and authority as access to information changes.
Electronic homes turn on everything automatically.
All electronic hubs have a life-time warranty.
Electronic identities are an effective way to gather information about competitors or infringers.
Electronic identity is both useful and increasingly necessary in cyberspace, say technologists.
Electronic ignition enables easy starting.
Electronic ignition is standard.
Electronic ignition means no wasteful pilot light.
Electronic ignition provides convenient start up without relighting every year.
An electronic image is a picture
Electronic images are ideal for publications.
Electronic images are much more useful to astronomers than just a picture on film.
Electronic images are preferred and are easier to post.
Electronic images are preferred, hard copy photographs are acceptable.
Electronic images are the best way to store and view pictures.
Electronic images make things come alive.
Some electronic images are available, and archives are searchable.
Electronic indexes allow searching by keywords in addition to author, title, subject, etc.
Electronic indexes are available at the five computers in the Electronic Reference Area .
Electronic indexes are available both on CD-ROM and online .
Electronic indexes are available from the library web page .
Electronic indexes are available through the library's web-based catalog .
Electronic indexes are convenient.
Electronic indexes are even more powerful.
Electronic indexes are searchable and include more entry fields for access and searching.
Electronic indexes are usually more convenient to use than print indexes.
Electronic indexes cover anywhere from one year to twenty years.
Electronic indexes provide access to periodical articles covering a wide range of subjects.
Electronic indexes provide instructions on the screen.
Electronic indexes provide only citations to books or articles.
Many electronic indexes cover only recent years.
Many electronic indexes have a searchable field relating to document type.
Most electronic indexes have print equivalents.
Most electronic indexes perform a subject search as the default.
Some electronic indexes can search for articles in just one periodical.
Some electronic indexes contain title holdings information for both Libraries.
Some electronic indexes have a holdings message.
Some electronic indexes have the full-text of the articles.
Electronic info includes an exchange of art, stories, poetry, etc.
Electronic information becomes print.
Electronic information can be ephemeral.
Electronic information can be persistent.
Electronic information demands the same kinds of considerations as sources in other formats.
Electronic information encourages a completely different style.
Electronic information exhibits complex behavior that was absent in the age of documents.
Electronic information is a given in today's enterprise.
Electronic information is a key driver of revenue and worth.
Electronic information is accessible through a computer or other electronic device.
Electronic information is accessible through the library home page .
Electronic information is also easier to deliver to large numbers of people.
Electronic information is an additive, no t a substitutional cost.
Electronic information is an extensive resource used by our patrons.
Electronic information is available in urban settings and that discourages storytelling.
Electronic information is available to students and faculty locally and via online sources.
Electronic information is difficult to navigate.
Electronic information is dynamic and can be easily updated or revised.
Electronic information is easy to copy and modify.
Electronic information is fixed neither in time nor in space.
Electronic information is fragile and evanescent.
Electronic information is gathered through cookies, log files, and online registration forms.
Electronic information is just another medium for transferring ideas and exchanging thoughts.
Electronic information is more convenient for our students and faculty.
Electronic information is more like software than traditional publication.
Electronic information is more vulnerable than the corresponding paper for two reasons.
Electronic information is preferred.
Electronic information is readily movable and relatively easy to access.
Electronic information is retrieved instantly.
Electronic information is still only accessible to a privileged few.
Electronic information is usually more up to date.
Electronic information is written in the ones and zeros of the code's two-digit format.
Electronic information knows no boundaries.
Electronic information lives on computers and computers are literally everywhere.
All electronic information is considered hearsay under the Rules of Evidence.
Some electronic information is still available.
Electronic ink data occupies a unique place among visual data objects.
Electronic ink generates an image of a piece of paper that glows with letters like a neon sign.
Electronic ink is actually a liquid in which millions of tiny microcapsules have been placed.
Electronic ink is made up of millions of tiny microcapsules.
Electronic ink is three to six times brighter than reflective LCDs.
Electronic input is appropriate if time to lock in the quoted fare is available.
Electronic insects click and scrape first close, then faraway.
Electronic instruction ranges from basic DC theory through computers and peripherals.
An electronic instrument is a musical instrument
Electronic instruments are available as low-price consumer products.
Electronic instruments are musical instruments.
Electronic instruments extend the central nervous system.
Electronic instruments measure water temperature, salinity, pressure and other things.
Electronic instrumentation is made to precisely analyze a particular food product.
Electronic instrumentation is required in all spheres of atomic energy work.
Electronic intelligence can be a powerful antidote to Canada's health care problems.
Electronic interaction is now a full-time job.
Electronic interfaces are important if the encoder is to work properly with external controls.
Electronic interfaces change.
Electronic interference is also a frequent problem.
Some electronic issues merge corresponding print issues.
Electronic items carry no warranty.
Electronic items have priority over paper checks.
Many electronic items contain traces of toxic chemicals such as mercury, chromium and lead.
Electronic journal Covers all areas of probability.
Electronic journal databases Current awareness services for journal articles.
Electronic journals are a useful addition to our collection.
Electronic journals are a viable alternative to print journals.
Electronic journals are accessible on the Internet.
Electronic journals are also available.
Electronic journals are another exciting possibility.
Electronic journals are available in full text versions.
Electronic journals are available via the library's web pages.
Electronic journals are currently in a rapidly changing state of development and evolution.
Electronic journals are digital issues of a serial publication.
Electronic journals are equally or more expensive than paper copies.
Electronic journals are increasingly available in full text on the Internet.
Electronic journals are journals that exist in their full texts online.
Electronic journals are likely to have a much wider audience than that of esoteric paper journals.
Electronic journals are probably most common in the sciences, and least common in the humanities.
Electronic journals are still in their infancy.
Electronic journals are the next area of major collection growth.
Electronic journals are the wave of the near future.
Electronic journals can help to increase access without increasing library costs.
Electronic journals can support multi-media, some even include moving images.
Electronic journals can take many forms.
Electronic journals contents access, meetings announcements.
Electronic journals enable quick and easy access, and are always available.
Electronic Journals Expect to see more electronic-only journals indexed.
Electronic Journals Have a Future.
Electronic journals have a licensing fee in addition to the print cost.
Electronic journals is also a new phenomenon in law, as indeed they are in other disciplines.
Electronic journals list.
Electronic journals provide faster and cheaper publication of research results.
Electronic journals provide online articles.
Electronic journals require little space.
Electronic journals seem inevitable.
Electronic journals seem to be on the minds of all librarians.
Many electronic journals are available from the libraries' Web pages.
Many electronic journals are catalog in the same way a print journal is cataloged.
Many electronic journals are freely available via the Internet.
Many electronic journals are now available via the world wide web.
Many electronic journals are only available for a fee or subscription.
Many electronic journals provide e-mail updates regarding enhancements to their Web sites.
Many electronic journals provide full text access via the Web to their journal articles.
More electronic journals are available through the Web.
Most electronic journals are available because the library pays for a subscription.
Most electronic journals are now Web-based.
Most electronic journals publish their papers in pdf format.
Most electronic journals replicate conventions from the print world.
Most electronic journals require special software to view the full-text article.
Some electronic journals are also available via lists eg.
Some electronic journals are available through the library's subscriptions.
Some electronic journals are free to anyone.
Some electronic journals are more than a print counterpart.
Some electronic journals do require a username and password for access.
Some electronic journals require a password .
Some electronic journals require a username and password for access.
Some electronic journals require registration.
Some electronic journals require the user to login with a username and password.
Some electronic journals See electronic journals section, above.
Electronic journalism is aimed at both the ear and the eye.
Electronic journalism trains the student to use electronic media effectively and correctly.
Electronic journalists face unique challenges in serving their audience.
Electronic keys are the most secure.
Electronic keyboards are also suspect.
Electronic keyboards are the wave of the future.
Electronic keyboards can be very dangerous things without a budget.
Electronic keyboards make writing music easy for students who play the piano.
Most electronic keyboards have a built-in metronome.
Electronic kiosks require a simple user interface and rugged hardware.
Electronic labels can stimulate new marketing opportunities.
Electronic law reports, legal information retrieval, CD-ROMs.
Electronic lessons exist and are already being used.
Electronic libraries based on optical disc are now a technical feasibility.
Electronic links are only active in today's edition.
Electronic links connect similar articles, letters, corrections, and updates.
Electronic links signify wear or having been followed by changing colour.
Electronic lists are preferred.
Electronic lists brings people together from around the country and the world.
Electronic literacy is an extension of print literacy.
Electronic literature faces many of the same constraints.
Electronic literature is the babe in the woods it s what needs our help right now.
Electronic locators are also available for detecting underground utilities.
Electronic locks control access to the areas.
Most electronic locks allow the user to set the combination .
Most electronic locks allow the user to set the combination.
Electronic logs show internal passwords being used to send source code outside the internal network.
Electronic machines are slightly more expensive.
Electronic magazines are the future in effective and affordable advertising.
Electronic magazines represent the future of publishing.
Electronic mail acts as a personal connection to the world of the Internet.
Electronic mail allows computer users to exchange messages via a communications network.
Electronic mail allows students to practice their reading and writing skills.
Electronic mail allows the union to disseminate information quickly and to more people.
Electronic mail allows two or more people on the Internet to send and receive information.
Electronic mail allows written messages to be transmitted instantaneously.
Electronic mail appears in many shapes and forms.
Electronic mail belongs to the recipient.
Electronic mail can be a very useful tool for students studying abroad.
Electronic mail can be more efficient than telephone communications in many circumstances.
Electronic mail can be much more than sharing simple text messages.
Electronic mail can do just that.
Electronic mail can often seem impersonal and vague to the recipient.
Electronic mail consists of messages sent from one person to another via computer.
Electronic mail does most of the daily communication among the members.
Electronic mail enables the exchange of messages and files via computer.
Electronic mail facilitates communication between members of the computing environment.
Electronic mail facilitates communications among teachers and with the administration.
Electronic mail handles only the destination element.
Electronic mail has a number of advantages.
Electronic mail has the potential for greatly influencing the ways in which people communicate.
Electronic mail has the potential for reaching a wide audience.
Electronic mail has the same aim, i.e. ease the communication among users.
Electronic mail has unique properties.
Electronic mail helps alleviate phone tag.
Electronic mail is a City of Bend resource and is provided as a business communications tool.
Electronic mail is a common example.
Electronic mail is a convenient means of communication.
Electronic mail is a convenient way to stay in touch.
Electronic mail is a fantastic medium for communication.
Electronic mail is a fast, convenient form of communication.
Electronic mail is a form of communication.
Electronic mail is a FREE, FAST, FREE way to talk to other alumni and have group discussions.
Electronic mail is a freeing-up communications medium.
Electronic mail is a great method of communication.
Electronic mail is a great resource for the agent.
Electronic mail is a lower priority use, particularly in the Reference Area.
Electronic mail is a means that is similar both to oral conversation and to the written world.
Electronic mail is a method of sending private messages between individuals over the Internet.
Electronic mail is a new frontier for direct marketing.
Electronic mail is a primitive form of workflow technology.
Electronic mail is a process by which people send messages to one another over computer networks.
Electronic mail is a service provided by the system.
Electronic mail is a 'store and forward' system.
Electronic mail is a super way to stay in touch or communicate.
Electronic mail is a technology that continues the evolution of electronic communication technology.
Electronic mail is a tool that allows users to create and distribute electronic messages.
Electronic mail is a unique medium of communication.
Electronic mail is a way of sending messages and files through the computer.
Electronic mail is a way to send and receive messages on the Internet .
Electronic mail is a widely used way of communicating over the computer.
Electronic mail is a wonderful convenience.
Electronic mail is a wonderful thing but it is very informal.
Electronic mail is about communication with other people.
Electronic mail is almost as common as fax machines in the office.
Electronic mail is almost instantaneous, but most importantly it is free for most college students.
Electronic mail is already available.
Electronic mail is also a great way to inform employees about recycling.
Electronic mail is also a very good way for branch offices of an organization to keep in touch.
Electronic mail is an additional method for students and instructors to interact with one another.
Electronic mail is an easy way to communicate with people world wide.
Electronic mail is an effective communications tool for millions of people.
Electronic mail is an electronic file which is transmitted to other computer users.
Electronic mail is an essential part of any Internet strategy.
Electronic mail is an example of technology.
Electronic mail is an important part of life on campus.
Electronic mail is an indispensable communications tool.
Electronic mail is an indispensible component of the automated office.
Electronic mail is another area of concern.
Electronic mail is another useful tool for communicating with students.
Electronic mail is arguably the largest and most important service provided by the Internet.
Electronic mail is available for communicating with lecturers and friends.
Electronic mail is available for communication both on and off campus.
Electronic mail is available for students, faculty, and staff.
Electronic mail is available on the Internet.
Electronic mail is available on the school network for administrative use.
Electronic mail is available through abacus, the main academic computer.
Electronic mail is available throughout most of the province.
Electronic mail is available to all employees.
Electronic mail is available to all students, faculty, and staff.
Electronic mail is based upon the concept of an address.
Electronic mail is best, but leaving a phone message is fine as well.
Electronic mail is best.
Electronic mail is by far the most used of all Internet applications.
Electronic mail is checked and answered many times per day, as is the voice-mail phone system.
Electronic mail is delivered directly to a user's account.
Electronic mail is different from postal mail.
Electronic mail is different from regular mail in three important ways.
Electronic mail is different.
Electronic mail is electronic communication
Electronic mail is electronic communication.
Electronic mail is encouraged, where possible.
Electronic mail is exactly what it says it is.
Electronic mail is extremely important.
Electronic mail is fast, inexpensive, and can be stored, modified, and printed.
Electronic mail is fine and in fact preferred.
Electronic mail is 'flat' text.
Electronic mail is for communicating business information in a professional manner.
Electronic mail is generally a message with one or more documents attached.
Electronic mail is greatly preferred for all correspondence.
Electronic mail is incredibly valuable.
Electronic mail is insecure.
Electronic mail is introduced.
Electronic mail is just one of the facilities available from the Internet.
Electronic mail is like a telephone.
Electronic mail is made possible by computer networking.
Electronic mail is mail that is delivered via the internet or over a local network.
Electronic mail is mentioned less, but here is a fertile medium for another kind of harassment.
Electronic mail is message distribution on computer.
Electronic mail is more personal and more interactive than the Web.
Electronic mail is more than the future, it is today.
Electronic mail is much more expensive to use then people realize.
Electronic mail is notoriously unprivate.
Electronic mail is now one of the leading methods of virus transmission.
Electronic mail is now the most common method of communication through the Internet.
Electronic mail is now the standard medium of communication in some departments.
Electronic mail is of course an essential technology for everyone involved in the project.
Electronic mail is often something that the department sysadmin needs to deal with.
Electronic mail is one channel.
Electronic mail is one form of transmitting information around the network.
Electronic mail is one of the fundamental features of the Internet.
Electronic mail is one of the methods used to notify users of upcoming policy changes and events.
Electronic mail is one of the most popular applications on the Internet.
Electronic mail is one of the most popular features of the Internet.
Electronic mail is one of the most popular uses of the Internet.
Electronic mail is one of the most powerful and widely available resources of the Internet.
Electronic mail is one of the most used and useful facilities on computer networks.
Electronic mail is one such protocol.
Electronic mail is one way for teachers and parents to connect.
Electronic mail is perhaps the most common usage of network resources.
Electronic mail is perhaps the most immediately useful of the Internet's services.
Electronic mail is preferred for abstract submission.
Electronic mail is preferred.
Electronic mail is primarily a communication system.
Electronic mail is private and owned by the sender and each recipient account holder.
Electronic mail is reason enough for every lawyer to be on the Internet.
Electronic mail is recommended as the most expedient way to reach faculty .
Electronic mail is recommended to speed up response to preapplications.
Electronic mail is retrieved daily.
Electronic mail is retrieved frequently.
Electronic mail is send via the Internet.
Electronic mail is sent to the list rather than to individuals.
Electronic mail is significantly faster than postal mail.
Electronic mail is subject to random monitoring.
Electronic mail is supposed to be the quicker, easier way to send and receive messages.
Electronic mail is the accepted standard for office communications.
Electronic mail is the backbone of the Internet.
Electronic mail is the backbone that eliminates much of the inefficiencies seen in the old system.
Electronic mail is the cheapest way to stay in touch with anyone.
Electronic mail is the faster method for personal communication all over the world.
Electronic mail is the future meeting the present.
Electronic mail is the great innovation of the network.
Electronic mail is the ideal medium for automated response systems.
Electronic mail is the literary equivalent of a grunt.
Electronic mail is the major vehicle for routine communications among employees.
Electronic mail is the marketing tool of the very near future.
Electronic mail is the most commonly used feature of the internet.
Electronic mail is the most commonly used resource, followed by gopher and library resources.
Electronic mail is the most expeditious.
Electronic mail is the most popular use of the Internet .
Electronic mail is the most used Internet application.
Electronic mail is the most widely used application on the Internet.
Electronic mail is the most widely used application on the Net.
Electronic mail is the preferred delivery method.
Electronic mail is the preferred means of submission.
Electronic mail is the preferred medium for registration and all communications.
Electronic mail is the primary basis for information interchange.
Electronic mail is the primary communication medium within the department.
Electronic mail is the primary means of campus-wide communications.
Electronic mail is the primary method of notification.
Electronic mail is the quickest way to receive library notices.
Electronic mail is the sender's intellectual property.
Electronic mail is the sending and receiving of messages using a computer, modem, and phone lines.
Electronic mail is the single most important tool for collaborative work.
Electronic mail is the transmission of messages over communications networks.
Electronic mail is the use of a network to transmit text messages, memos, and reports.
Electronic mail is the use of the computer network to send messages or files to other users.
Electronic mail is timely and convenient, and provides inexpensive access to colleagues. .
Electronic mail is timely and convenient, and provides inexpensive access to colleagues.
Electronic mail is to be used for business purposes.
Electronic mail is treated as general correspondence.
Electronic mail is ubiquitous nowadays, and people use e-mail from a variety of platforms.
Electronic mail is ubiquitous on the business desktop.
Electronic mail is used among all units.
Electronic mail is used extensively for private communication between students, faculty and staff.
Electronic mail is used heavily on campus for communicating all kinds of information.
Electronic mail is used in offices and between stores.
Electronic mail is used to request some items through interlibrary loan.
Electronic mail is used to send messages from one user to one or more specific users.
Electronic mail is usually the easiest and fastest.
Electronic mail is usually the fastest and most convenient method of contact.
Electronic mail is usually the fastest and most convenientmethod of contact.
Electronic mail is usually the most convenient method of contact.
Electronic mail is very quick.
Electronic mail is vulnerable to interception and forgery.
Electronic mail is written and read by people.
Electronic mail jams congressional computers.
Electronic mail links students and mentors.
Electronic mail makes a much more efficient use of time.
Electronic mail makes the world very small indeed.
Electronic mail needs specific consideration.
Electronic mail offers an alternative method for constructing simulations.
Electronic mail offers an alternative pace for intellectual exchange.
Electronic mail passes through multiple mail servers on the Internet.
Electronic mail permits users to send messages around the world almost instantly.
Electronic mail provides a medium of communication that is efficient, quick, and cost-effective.
Electronic mail provides equal access to all staff.
Electronic mail provides for the timely distribution of information.
Electronic mail provides near instant free worldwide communications.
Electronic mail provides the ideal communications link for such interactions among users.
Electronic mail provides timely communication on the Alaskan frontier.
Electronic mail replaces paper memos at the office with electronic mail memos.
Electronic mail sent over the Internet is notoriously insecure and vulnerable to interception.
Electronic mail stored on the server is backed up to protect against hardware failures only.
Electronic mail travels easily and quickly from person to person.
Electronic mail uses analogies taken from a postal service.
Electronic mail works best.
Electronic mail works in a similar fashion.
Electronic mail works like a post office box.
All electronic mail addresses throughout the world.
All electronic mail is received, reviewed and responded to by the owner of the company.
Any electronic mail is acceptable.
Electronic managers switch.
Electronic manuscripts are also acceptable.
Electronic manuscripts can travel very fast between author, editor and reviewers.
Electronic markets allow consumers to directly access manufacturers.
Electronic markets can also create new problems.
Electronic markets can survive in Japan.
Electronic markets have a free choice of venues.
Electronic marketing can be very intimidating.
Electronic marketing can result in substantial savings.
Electronic marketing is a fixed and well accepted part of marketing.
Electronic marketing is a proven method with a global market.
Electronic marketing is an extremely useful method to do business.
Electronic marketing is the newest, most exciting high-tech breakthrough ever.
Electronic marketing puts information directly in front of current and potential customers.
Electronic marketplaces are about demand for services being put in contact with the best offer.
Electronic marketplaces are less easy to coerce.
Electronic marketplaces can also be a mixed tax blessing.
Much electronic markup is lost when printing on paper.
Electronic marvels can actually bring some pitfalls.
Electronic marvels proliferate by geometric proportions.
Electronic material is preferred.
Electronic material is selected when it is appropriate.
Electronic materials are abundant on the Internet.
Electronic Materials are available in different formats.
Electronic materials are expensive, and necessitate an e-librarian to coordinate.
Electronic materials contain materials.
Electronic materials contain supplementary materials.
Most electronic materials contain materials.
Most electronic materials contain supplementary materials.
Electronic means is just one of the methods used by advertisers today.
Electronic measurements are more robust and accurate under such conditions.
Electronic media allows organization to be evident.
Electronic media alter the structure of thinking itself.
Electronic media are a dynamic continually changing resource.
Electronic media are cheaper than paper and postage.
Electronic media are integral aspects of our lives.
Electronic media are supplements to the human organism.
Electronic media are two-way. expect to find a feedback loop.
Electronic media are what makes distributed group work increasingly feasible.
Electronic media can reach and touch people in significant ways.
Electronic media can serve some contemporary ideas about writing instruction quite well.
Electronic media comprise a growing category.
Electronic media create an audience whose shifting moods are as impersonal as the weather.
Electronic media create the expectation of a speedy response.
Electronic media exists in far more forms than books and libraries.
Electronic media gather news as quickly as papers, but can disseminate it at the speed of light.
Electronic media have more foreign ownership than newspapers.
Electronic media is a critical component to reaching the largest number of persons.
Electronic media is available by contacting the district office.
Electronic media is available by contacting the District offices.
Electronic media is both shorter-lived and more difficult to preserve.
Electronic media is controlled by the state.
Electronic media is even more so.
Electronic media is instant, cheap, personal, interactive, and responsive.
Electronic media is much easier to update than paper.
Electronic media is no exception.
Electronic media lightens the load.
Electronic media makes contact and comment easy.
Electronic media means it goes out in digital form, such as a CD or multimedia presentation.
Electronic media offer an unprecedented forum for sharing information and ideas.
Electronic media offer unique opportunities to provide content in new ways.
Electronic media play a particularly unique role during times of crisis and war.
Electronic media provides new means for publishing information and accessing information.
Electronic media reduce our sense of isolation and individualism.
Electronic media supports a convergence of generalized resistance.
All electronic media are censored and the private press is virtually non-existent.
All electronic media are highly perishable.
All electronic media is digital.
Electronic meetings are decision-making groups that interact by way of linked computers.
Electronic meetings can potentially be asynchronous.
Electronic memories offer an exterior existence with repercussions of selfness.
Electronic memory comes in a variety of forms, to serve a variety of purposes.
Electronic memory remembers for settings.
Electronic messages are among the worst ways to send private information.
Electronic messages are deemed writings, and electronic signatures are deemed signatures.
Electronic messages are easy to delete.
Electronic messages are easy to sort and organize.
Electronic messages are records in fact and in law.
Electronic messages are the last place for any kind of uncomplimentary remark.
Electronic messages can be harsh.
Electronic messages carry numeric addresses almost always traceable to the sender.
Electronic messages carry numeric addresses usually traceable to the sender.
Electronic messages point out the cave's features.
Electronic messaging allows for geographical dispersion of staff.
Electronic messaging allows users to correspond directly with the financial institution.
Electronic messaging brings personal life into the work day.
Electronic messaging creates new opportunities for groups to work together.
Electronic messaging goes beyond the sound of someone's voice, fax machine or computer on line.
Electronic messaging needs to support users capturing data locally to support similar processing.
Electronic messaging reduces boundaries between business and personal life.
Electronic messaging reduces geographical distances.
Electronic meters read water pH, dissolved oxygen content, salinity, and other chemical variables.
Some electronic metronomes have lights that flash or bells that ding in addition to the peep.
Electronic models add some circuitry to mechanical components.
Electronic modules providing battery charger, watch dog timer, real time clock and calendar.
Electronic momentum makes model trains act like real trains.
Electronic money allows organizations to do things and immediately sense the results.
Electronic money deserves a fair chance.
Electronic money is a reality and E-finance solutions are rapidly gaining customer acceptance.
Electronic money is a substitute for cash or checks when buying goods or services.
Electronic money is continuous-flow.
Electronic money is just a device of storing information regarding the amount of money.
Electronic money is still in the testing stage both in Japan and elsewhere.
Some electronic monitors have a paper printout that gives a record of the blood pressure reading.
Electronic monitoring gives judges another means of sentencing.
Electronic monitoring is handled by a private monitoring company.
Electronic monitoring is only good if kids are well-behaved.
Electronic monitoring uses computer technology to monitor and restrict the offender s movement.
Electronic monitoring uses computer technology to monitor and restrict the offender's movement.
Electronic motion imaging that responds and displays immediately is universally the ideal.
Electronic muffs have removable cushions for ease of cleaning and replacement.
Electronic museum is an educational look at the tornado.
Electronic music can teach a musician many things.
Electronic music comes from electronic culture.
Electronic music has a long history of innovation.
Electronic music has a particularly good vibration for meditation.
Electronic music has the potential to transcend gender boundaries.
Electronic music is a curious thing.
Electronic music is a form in which the music has to be interpreted on more levels than the musical.
Electronic music is almost the perfection of basic human communication.
Electronic music is also a living art form and new works are being produced every day.
Electronic music is an event horizon for the ears.
Electronic music is music.
Electronic music is pretty much the only 'Alternative' music today.
Electronic music is stuck in a loop.
Electronic music is the most sublime of the musical arts and has awesome and unlimited potential.
Electronic music is, for the most part, faceless.
Electronic music joins the summer caravan.
Electronic music offers an infinite depth of sound possibilities.
Electronic music projects Analog modular synthesizers, synth-diy mailing list, Moog filter.
Electronic music seems to be a problem for music publishers.
An electronic network is a system
Electronic network links introductory college biology course with precollege biology students.
Electronic networks allay feelings of helplessness and embarrassment.
Electronic networks are a new frontier, with shareware vendors tending trading posts along the way.
Electronic networks are of course no respecters of borders and sovereignty.
Electronic networks are widely available for the transfer of data.
Electronic networks can give access to experts on a world-wide basis.
Electronic networks erode important parts of our community.
Electronic networks form the backbone of the new economy, information the commodity.
Electronic networks form the basis for shared knowledge and become powerful learning forums.
Electronic networks hold the promise of rapid availability of data.
Electronic networks organize large amounts of data for access through a single source.
Electronic neuroanatomy atlases.
Electronic news is posted to a public bulletin board for many news readers to view at their leisure.
Electronic newsletter visit the following site.
Electronic newsletters are interactive.
Electronic newsletters keep supporters in touch with organizational activities.
Electronic newsletters provide timely information about current topics of interest.
Electronic newspaper stand with articles about culture, music, film etc. from Asia.
Most electronic newspapers contain only selected articles from the print edition.
Some electronic newspapers offer lists of stories indexed by headlines or headlines and summaries.
Electronic noses are portable, handy and can be used in every conceivable location.
Electronic noses are really just sophisticated sensors that create a digital fingerprint of a smell.
Electronic noses use sensors to detect specific gases.
Electronic notes are very well organized and complete.
Electronic notes have their own advantages.
Electronic notes show organization and completeness.
Electronic notebooks allow shared record keeping by collaborators regardless of their location.
Electronic notebooks have many advantages over paper notebooks.
Electronic notification is the fastest.
Electronic offices are available for both authors and editors.
Electronic opportunities raise expectations of accelerated time scales.
Electronic orders are also available using our secure web order form.
Electronic orders are via credit card.
All electronic orders are subject to confirmation and verification before shipment.
An electronic organ is a musical instrument
Many electronic organs cost far less than even a modestly-sized pipe organ.
Electronic organizers carry the promise of making our data portable.
Electronic overloads are the newest form of overloads.
Electronic overloads can be simple and inexpensive or quite sophisticated, premium priced devices.
Electronic overrides can have expiration dates.
Electronic overrides have expiration dates.
Electronic packaging is integral to all electronic systems.
Electronic packaging provides the encased circuit with the proper operating conditions.
Electronic paper is another alternative.
Electronic paper is made from a thin layer of plastic.
Electronic paper uses small beads enmeshed in a flexible binder sheet.
Electronic parts are a good example.
Electronic passports are available to anybody who meets two conditions.
Electronic pasteurization can greatly reduce the incidence of such illnesses.
Electronic payment helps ensure accuracy.
Electronic payment is another thorny issue.
Electronic payment is available from anywhere in Australia.
Electronic payment is less expensive than paper payment.
Electronic payment is much faster and more accurate.
Electronic payment is now available.
Electronic payment is reliable and instant.
Electronic payment offers both cost savings and faster collection.
Electronic payment reduces clerical errors, increases speed and lowers transaction costs.
Electronic payments accomplish three objectives.
Electronic payments are a future enhancement.
Electronic payments are the most efficient way for state government to do business.
Electronic payments arrive at the payees faster.
Electronic payments cost only a third to half as much as paper-based payments.
Electronic payments mean less paperwork.
Electronic payments provide for automated receivables and customer convenience.
All electronic payments require a corresponding invoice.
Electronic payroll is faster and easier.
Electronic pedometers are devices that record the amount of walking done by a cow.
Electronic people counter.
Electronic photo is available.
Electronic photos are preferred.
Electronic photographs are preferred.
Electronic photography expands the role of the photographer.
Some electronic pictures are already available.
Electronic plague strikes children.
Electronic platforms resemble the human brains they feed.
Electronic playback reproduces pictures, sounds or both using a television receiver or monitor.
Electronic polymers are types of plastics that conduct electricity.
Electronic portfolios are acceptable.
Electronic portfolios are due.
Electronic portfolios are easy to access anywhere.
Electronic Portfolios are in the educational spotlight.
Electronic portfolios enable students to utilize technology to electronically store their best work.
Electronic portfolios exceed listed requirements for mechanics and content.
Electronic portfolios inform the teaching of reading and writing in a first-grade classroom .
Electronic portfolios make multiple visits possible.
Electronic portfolios meet listed requirements for mechanics and content.
Electronic portfolios provide a new student assessment vehicle.
Electronic portfolios provide a record of students' works.
Electronic portfolios save space.
Electronic portfolios support individual perspectives.
Electronic portfolios synthesize and present information found during research.
Many electronic portfolios use rubrics to assess the quality of their work.
Electronic portion is a device controller .
Electronic postcards offer interactivity for websites, and increased exposure.
Electronic Postcards Send a special greeting to somebody on the Internet.
Electronic Postcards Send an electronic postcard to a a fellow boat towed sports lover.
Electronic Postcards Send an electronic postcard to family and friends.
Electronic Postcards Send electronic postcards.
Electronic Postcards Send electronic wishes for any occasion.
Electronic Postcards Send one of our Scottish postcards to a friend.
Electronic Postcards Send postcards via e- mail.
Electronic Postcards Write a postcard to a friend.
Electronic power is provided to bench areas and to specific machines from dedicated circuits.
Electronic power valves.
Electronic presentations are now the standard in lectures, seminars and conferences.
Electronic presentations can be practical as well.
Electronic presentations have two major advantages.
Electronic presentations supplement class materials.
Electronic Printing Learn how a laser printer works, and compare laser and LED imaging systems.
Electronic privacy is an area of great concern.
Electronic probation is one solution to the overcrowding and expense of prison.
Electronic problems are much less common.
Electronic proceedings are available.
Electronic processing expedites the exchange of information.
Electronic processing is faster and less expensive than paper processing.
Electronic procurement is also an important way to increase the use of electronic commerce.
Electronic procurement searches only the sections dedicated to electronic procurement.
Electronic products are also ubiquitous in the home.
Electronic products are available only for internal corporate or organizational use.
Electronic products are generally more costly than their print counterparts.
Electronic products are often expensive.
Electronic products come with a licence agreement that indicates the terms and conditions of use.
Electronic products cost the same or more as their print versions and are expensive to implement.
Electronic products have a chip or circuit.
Electronic products listed below all have a larger picture.
Electronic products manufactured include temperature controlled soldering and desoldering equipment.
All electronic products are royalty free for both print and electronic uses.
All electronic products are subject to change, modifications and updates.
All electronic products are under consideration for cancellation within the next year.
All electronic products have a certain 'life cycle'.
Many electronic products display issuing agency information in the form of an agency symbol or logo.
Electronic production begins with submissions by authors and illustrators on disk or via network.
Electronic projectors are still a bit pricey.
Electronic projectors are very susceptible to shipping damage.
Electronic proposals are acceptable.
Electronic prospectuses can, and do, include video, sound, graphics and interactivity.
Electronic protection is done by the use of firewalls.
Electronic publication allows the fastest possible exchange of ideas consistent with peer-review.
Electronic publication appears to be the way of the future.
Electronic publication differs considerably from paper text.
Electronic publication encourages discussion.
Electronic publication enlivens academic debates.
Electronic publication has an enourmous potential to time savings.
Electronic publication is acceptable.
Electronic publication is guaranteed to be swift and easily purged of any typographical errors.
Electronic publication is one of the outstanding developments of the computer age.
Electronic publication offers broad dissemination and speed as no other medium can.
Electronic publication offers the following scenario.
Electronic publications are likely to proliferate sooner than most now expect.
Electronic publications are often cheaper to produce than printed ones.
Electronic publications are often extremely timely.
Electronic publications are subject to the same policies and standards as print publications.
Electronic publications are subject tothe same college policies and standards as print publications.
Electronic publications designed by the center share a number of features.
Electronic publications have potential for furthering specialized publishing.
Electronic publications have three potential vulnerabilities with respect to archival retention.
Electronic publications present unique problems because they can be frequently modified and updated.
Electronic publications require that certain hardware and software be available at the user's site.
Electronic publications take up less physical space and so are easier to store.
All electronic publications are subject to the same departmental policies as print publications.
Most electronic publications are now available under licence.
Most electronic publications are simply paper products transposed onto electronic media.
Electronic publisher see publisher.
Electronic publishers market themselves to both readers and authors.
Electronic publishers pay everyone from their computer programmers to the electric company.
Electronic publishers torture only electrons.
Most electronic publishers forbid subscribers to post their electronic products on bulletin boards.
Electronic publishing allows many different kinds of information providers to serve schools.
Electronic publishing begins with a review of the completed manuscript.
Electronic publishing can include other forms of communication, like sound or video.
Electronic publishing can interfere with publication of a whole thesis as a book.
Electronic publishing can potentially leave libraries in the dust.
Electronic publishing costs less than traditional methods and takes much less time.
Electronic publishing enables continued diversity of the publishing industry.
Electronic publishing enhances access to printed materials through web-based catalogues.
Electronic publishing exists along side books, with a limited audience.
Electronic Publishing Grows up.
Electronic publishing has little overhead.
Electronic publishing has several aspects as a threat.
Electronic publishing has the potential for closing the gap.
Electronic publishing has the potential to transform scientific communication.
Electronic publishing is a new form on a very old idea.
Electronic publishing is a unique way to reach the reading public.
Electronic publishing is a very economic way for new authors to start their careers.
Electronic publishing is also a new and exciting vehicle for writers.
Electronic publishing is also similar to broadcast media.
Electronic publishing is an interdisciplinary program combining coursework from several disciplines.
Electronic publishing is certainly faster.
Electronic publishing is certainly much easier and faster than the traditional methods.
Electronic publishing is cheaper.
Electronic publishing is discussed in the next section.
Electronic publishing is great.
Electronic publishing is hard to define because it is changing so rapidly.
Electronic publishing is here to stay.
Electronic publishing is here, today.
Electronic publishing is like printing.
Electronic publishing is likely to undergo a series of rapid and radical transformations.
Electronic publishing is mediated by a computer, an agent capable of processing the information.
Electronic publishing is more than just paper-less publishing.
Electronic publishing is non-polluting and conserves our natural resources.
Electronic publishing is now easier than ever.
Electronic publishing is one of the key growth areas of the modern economy.
Electronic publishing is perceived as electronic mail, video -games and the Web.
Electronic publishing is problematic in documenting original work.
Electronic publishing is still mainly a niche market, however.
Electronic publishing is the future, and it s here today.
Electronic publishing is the publishing of materials via the website at no cost.
Electronic publishing is the wave of the future, for a number of reasons.
Electronic publishing is the wave of the future.
Electronic publishing is thus both efficient and cheap.
Electronic publishing is very cheap and easy.
Electronic publishing offers a paperless means of distributing information and entertainment.
Electronic publishing offers even more facilities.
Electronic publishing offers more freedom to aspiring poets and writers and greater challenges.
Electronic publishing offers more than fluffy books written by the famous and the infamous.
Electronic publishing offers new possibilities for learning and communicating.
Electronic publishing offers the ability to add sound, animation, hyperlinks and more to books.
Electronic publishing offers the possibility of going far below even that figure.
Electronic publishing offers tremendous advantages for publishers.
Electronic publishing opens up new artfields.
Electronic publishing poses another problem, because materials can be down-loaded for nothing.
Electronic publishing presents both problems and opportunities.
Electronic publishing promises the potential for easy access to an expanded universe of information.
Electronic publishing promises the way out.
Electronic publishing provides a means for distributing information at virtually no cost.
Electronic publishing raises the question of appropriate peer review.
Electronic publishing requires fewer material resources than traditional publishing.
Electronic publishing requires many difficult judgments.
Electronic publishing saves time, costs, and trees.
Electronic publishing seems poised to make enormous leaps.
Electronic publishing takes journals into a new realm.
Electronic pumps have inherent pressure relief.
Electronic queries are especially encouraged.
Electronic questionnaires cost less in time and money to administer.
Electronic readers speak up.
Some electronic readers respond in advance to the campus activism story .
Electronic reciprocity includes dissemination of passwords.
Electronic record searches .
Electronic records are a case in point.
Electronic records are a major issue in an ongoing revision of the access law.
Electronic records are also subject to voir dire at trial to ensure that their admission is proper.
Electronic records are crucial to the full development of a patient centred service.
Electronic records are likely to become a more important aspect of an archivist's job in the future.
Electronic records are more reliable than hard-copies regardless of the storage medium.
Electronic records are more than just data or information.
Electronic records are password protected with access restricted to authorized users.
Electronic records are permissible.
Electronic records are public records.
Electronic records are records that are stored in a form only a computer can process.
Electronic records are worthy of preservation in their own right.
Electronic records beg to be maintained in digital form.
Electronic records can be very easily copied and disseminated.
Electronic records can pose additional software and hardware access problems.
Electronic records can reach a wider audience in a shorter time frame.
Electronic records continue to be a major session topic.
Electronic records differ from paper records in ways which warrant special consideration.
Electronic records permit the sharing of information by the byte rather than the megabyte.
Electronic records pose a special problem.
Electronic records pose significant challenges to the archival profession.
Electronic records pose the biggest challenge to record keeping ever.
Many electronic records remain difficult to obtain.
Electronic recording can take many forms.
Electronic recording is used in other states.
Electronic redaction can serve the same purpose.
Electronic reels are expensive, however.
Electronic reference uses e-mail to answer all questions.
Electronic reference works .
Electronic reference works in philosophy.
Electronic Registration Click here for the form to register electronically .
Electronic registration continues to go well.
Electronic registration helps to save university paper and personnel resources.
Electronic registration is available.
Electronic registration is desirable.
Electronic registration is now available.
Electronic Registration Is Now Available.
Electronic registration is preferred.
Electronic registration requires credit card payment.
Electronic registration requires the use of a credit card.
Electronic relationships are excellent ways to network.
Electronic repairers install, test, repair, and calibrate equipment to ensure it functions properly.
Electronic reports show the roaming usage of each subscriber.
Electronic reporters work from recorded depositions.
Electronic reprints are also available for posting on intranet, extranet or Internet Web sites.
Electronic reprints are articles that have been reformatted for posting on a Web site.
Electronic reprints make traditionally published articles accessible on the Internet.
Electronic Request Forms Online interlibrary loan forms and order forms for new books.
Electronic requests are subject to the same rules and regulations.
Electronic requests are welcome and encouraged.
Electronic reserve is a supplemental access point to the traditional reserves format.
Electronic reserve is also available.
Electronic reserve is password protected.
Electronic reserves are also available.
Electronic reserves are available from any internet connected computer.
Electronic reserves are commonplace.
Electronic reserves are digital versions of printed copyrighted materials.
Electronic reserves are in place.
Electronic reserves are no longer a pilot program but a core process.
Electronic reserves are password protected for students enrolled in the class.
Electronic reserves are still very new in Britain.
Electronic reserves eliminate many of the disadvantages of paper reserves.
Electronic reserves have unlimited loan periods and are acces sible from any networked location.
Electronic reserves update.
All electronic reserves are unavailable for access between terms.
Electronic resources abound.
Electronic resources are a critical component of our community, economy and social fabric.
Electronic resources are accessible at networked workstations across campus.
Electronic resources are also a vital part of our collection.
Electronic resources are also available.
Electronic resources are an important part of our collection.
Electronic resources are available at public access Internet terminals.
Electronic resources are available on every computer terminal.
Electronic resources are essential to library users, but they are expensive and complex to manage.
Electronic resources are much more amorphous and interactive than their print counterparts.
Electronic resources are of many different formats and sorts.
Electronic resources are similarly notable and contemporary, and keep expanding.
Electronic resources are still scarce.
Electronic resources are to be reviewed following the Electronic Resources Selection Guidelines.
Electronic resources are tremendously expensive.
Electronic resources are, after all, finite.
Electronic resources can deliver information more quickly.
Electronic resources can provide affordable and efficient access to peers.
Electronic resources come with licenses.
Electronic resources complement and expand the print and media collections.
Electronic resources differ from traditional sources in a number of ways.
Electronic Resources Find journal and newspaper articles.
Electronic resources provide access to valuable databases and full text libraries.
Electronic resources seem to pose fewer thorny questions for students.
All electronic resources listed below are available from within the library.
Many electronic resources are available.
Many electronic resources are now available from outside the campus.
Many electronic resources are very expensive, and the costs for most continue to rise.
Some electronic resources are available from specific terminals within each branch.
Some electronic resources are available only from specific terminals within each branch.
Some electronic resources go through a similar process.
Some electronic resources provide access to full-text copies of documents and journal articles.
Some electronic resources purchased by the library have intrinsic access restrictions.
Some electronic resources require a username and password.
Electronic responses are preferred.
Electronic resumes are acceptable in Word format only .
Electronic resumes are plain documents purposefully created that way.
Electronic resumes are quite different than traditional ones.
Electronic resumes can be as many pages as is appropriate.
Electronic resumes is also an excellent way to give a good impression to future sponsors.
Electronic resumes use a more concise set of nouns describing training and experience.
Many electronic resumes have a special section for keywords.
Most electronic retailers have their systems operating and tuned-in as well.
Electronic retailing is set to grow exponentially in the next few years.
Electronic retrieval is the main method of data distribution.
Electronic returns are easier to process and contain far fewer errors.
Electronic returns are free of data entry or keypunch errors, and free of math errors.
Electronic reviews are preferred.
Electronic rights are a new area of law that grows and changes weekly.
Electronic rights are another sticky issue.
Electronic rights are separate and distinct from all other rights.
Electronic rights can cover a lot of territory.
Electronic room locks.
Electronic routes are one alternative.
Electronic scales are fast and easy to use.
Electronic scales can make weighing proceed very quickly.
Most electronic scales use a microchip encoded with rate information.
Electronic scan helps in planning documents with fast tape advance to end of each dictation passage.
An electronic scanner is a detector
Electronic scanners look for keywords on a resume.
Electronic schedules are available online.
Electronic scholarship is no exception.
Electronic scoreboard displays the results.
Electronic seals can guarantee that a text conforms with the original.
Electronic section is now in working order.
Electronic security ensures confidentiality of the data.
Electronic security ensures the confidentiality of taxpayer data.
Electronic security is a maturing market.
Electronic security is a standard safeguard.
Electronic security is just as important.
Electronic security is provided in both the public areas and each apartment.
Electronic seminars feature target articles by prominent scientists and peer comments on their work.
Electronic sensors adjust for all light changes.
Electronic sensors adjust power to the wheels that have the best grip.
Electronic sensors control the pressure and therefore the degree of slip and torque transfer.
Electronic sensors measure surface water deposition by a change in sensor resistance or capacitance.
Some electronic sensors provide information.
Electronic serials qualify as such.
Most electronic serials require special software to view the full-text article.
Electronic services are available and growing in number every day.
Electronic services are different in substance, but no less complex.
Electronic services are relatively inexpensive to offer, and training services are more costly.
Electronic services excludes Internet access.
Most electronic services are available remotely.
Most electronic services require user IDs and passwords.
Electronic sex is another way of faking it.
Electronic share dealing on the internet is a pioneering example.
Electronic shoppers have high expectations of gratification.
Electronic shopping is on the verge of sweeping the Web.
Electronic shutter is a shutter system timed by electronic rather than mechanical means.
Electronic shutters are of no practical benefit for a camera without autoexposure.
Electronic sieves are still faster than software programmes.
Electronic signs have higher costs.
An electronic signal is a signal
Electronic signals tell the beam when to light up certain areas of the screen.
Electronic signals travel approximately one foot per nsec.
Electronic signature is required on approvals and certifications.
Electronic signature starts pre-assigned routing.
Electronic signatures are acceptable.
Electronic signatures are essential if contracts are to be concluded over the internet.
Electronic signatures are meaningless, no matter how many hundreds of thousands are collected.
Electronic signatures are now the legal equivalent of signatures affixed by hand.
Electronic signatures are too easily forged and too difficult to verify.
Electronic signatures are virtually useless.
Electronic signatures can save money by eliminating duplicate data entry.
Electronic signatures come in many different forms.
Electronic signatures cover a broader definition that includes digital signatures.
Electronic signatures decrease turnaround time and improve record accuracy.
Electronic signatures ensure accountability.
Electronic signatures face similar issues.
Electronic signatures have the potential to streamline online purchases and services.
Electronic signatures have the same legal meaning and significance as a hand written signature.
Electronic signatures have the same legal standing as written signatures.
Electronic signatures remain attached, which is important for legal applications.
All electronic signatures are acceptable, provided both parties consent.
Electronic skills is a major plus.
Electronic slide shows.
Electronic solenoid slides out for easy cleanup.
Electronic solitaire is a feature.
Electronic solutions are a viable next step.
Electronic solutions meet their needs as well as their employers' fiduciary responsibilities.
Electronic solutions require systems that enable.
Electronic sounds appear adding further atmosphere.
Electronic sources are frequently updated, changed and removed.
Electronic sources are linked.
Electronic sources are typically more complicated and require greater care.
Electronic sources refer to sources that have been found or retrieved through computer.
Electronic sources shape themselves round an inquiry.
Electronic sources Use the same citation styles as for print sources.
Electronic sources vary in the amount of detail provided and are part of a changing environment.
Many electronic sources are available for access to information.
Some electronic sources use paragraph numbers instead of page numbers.
Electronic spreadsheets make quick work of financial analysis.
Electronic spreadsheets simulate ledger paper.
Electronic stamps offer even more convenience.
Electronic statements are environmentally friendly.
Electronic storage enables computer users to manipulate images on the computer.
Electronic storage is ephemeral and fragile.
Electronic storage is essential for the student and makes evaluation with the advisor easier.
Electronic storage is thus an ideal medium for the collection of inscriptions.
Electronic stores owe a debt of gratitude to the radio station.
Some electronic stores sell radios that can tune in the audio from television stations.
Electronic storefronts are open around the clock.
Many electronic storefronts reveal whether the product is instantly available or back-ordered.
Electronic stuff tends to get too cerebral.
Electronic submission can save weeks over submission on the paper forms.
Electronic submission equals signature.
Electronic submission is acceptable, but please also send a paper copy in case of problems.
Electronic submission is also possible.
Electronic submission is available and acceptable for faculty members off-campus.
Electronic submission is currently voluntary.
Electronic submission is easy.
Electronic submission is encouraged and preferred.
Electronic submission is encouraged via email.
Electronic submission is encouraged via e-mail.
Electronic submission is encouraged.
Electronic submission is greatly preferred.
Electronic submission is here.
Electronic submission is highly desirable.
Electronic submission is highly encouraged.
Electronic submission is highly preferred.
Electronic submission is mandatory for all applicants.
Electronic submission is merely an option.
Electronic submission is much preferred.
Electronic submission is now mandatory for all applicants.
Electronic submission is obviously much faster.
Electronic submission is only available for the initial turn-around .
Electronic submission is open now.
Electronic submission is optional but encouraged.
Electronic submission is optional.
Electronic submission is perfect.
Electronic submission is permitted.
Electronic submission is possible.
Electronic submission is preferred, and is strongly suggested .
Electronic submission is preferred.
Electronic submission is recommended.
Electronic submission is requested .
Electronic submission is requested.
Electronic submission is required.
Electronic submission is strongly prefered.
Electronic submission is strongly preferred, except for original photos.
Electronic submission is strongly preferred.
Electronic submission is temporarily unavailable.
Electronic submission is the only acceptable mode.
Electronic submission is the preferred method of submission.
Electronic submission is the preferred method.
Electronic submission is welcomed.
Electronic submission provides a better, faster way to submit claims.
Electronic submission saves express mail charges for last-minute abstracts.
Electronic submissions are acceptable.
Electronic submissions are also acceptable.
Electronic submissions are also possible.
Electronic submissions are also welcome.
Electronic submissions are best, but paper submissions are, of course, acceptable.
Electronic submissions are due the same day.
Electronic submissions are especially welcome.
Electronic submissions are fine as well.
Electronic submissions are greatly preferred.
Electronic submissions are highly encouraged, resulting in even more savings.
Electronic submissions are highly encouraged.
Electronic submissions are mandatory for all people having access to standard electronic facilities.
Electronic submissions are mandatory.
Electronic submissions are preferable.
Electronic submissions are preferred and have priority.
Electronic submissions are preferred, however.
Electronic submissions are preferred.
Electronic submissions are strongly preferable.
Electronic submissions are strongly preferred.
Electronic submissions are welcome and encouraged.
Electronic submissions are welcome.
Electronic submissions is the best way to insure less errors.
Electronic submissions welcome only from our website submission form.
Electronic submissions welcome.
All electronic submissions are to be dropped to the appropriate dropbox.
All electronic submissions are to be submitted using the turnin command described below.
Electronic submitters can continue to submit as usual.
Electronic subscribers receive an access code by email.
Electronic subscribers receive newsletter text by e-mail, without charge.
Electronic subscription is possible.
Electronic subscriptions are available without charge.
Electronic subscriptions are available.
Electronic subscriptions are free.
Electronic subscriptions make research much easier.
Electronic supplementary materials contain materials.
Electronic supplementary materials contain supplementary materials.
Many electronic suppliers sell antenna matching transformers for a few bucks.
Electronic supplies are items used in maintenance and repair of military equipment.
Electronic support is also available through Passport Advantage's on-line incident report page.
Electronic support is also important, whether through computer conference or video conference.
Electronic support is offered to our clientele.
Electronic surrogate is reversed.
Electronic surveillance is a necessary feature of the fight against organized drug rings.
Electronic surveillance is in use.
Electronic surveillance is just one of many investigative techniques available to law enforcement.
Electronic surveillance is surveillance
Electronic surveillance is surveillance.
Electronic surveillance is the most destructive intelligence gathering method there is.
Electronic surveys are a cost effective method which save envelopes, paper, stamps, and staff time.
Electronic surveying is the most exciting innovation to hit the research industry in years.
Electronic switches come in many packages and price ranges.
Electronic switches eliminate the maze of wiring normally found under the dash.
Electronic switches route telephone signals to their destinations.
Electronic systems are also underway.
Electronic systems become always more sophisticated.
Electronic systems can also be vulnerable to tampering.
Electronic systems can be either active or passive.
Electronic systems can be vulnerable to hackers and other criminals.
Electronic systems fail or fail to operate on a frequent basis.
Electronic systems scan the information on an applicant s paper resume into a database.
Electronic systems tend to simply stop working.
Electronic systems use electromechanical means to recieve data.
Electronic systems vary widely.
Electronic systems work in subways and highways.
All electronic systems generate unwanted noise.
Every electronic system requires a power management device.
Most electronic systems incorporate power supplies containing magnetic transformers.
Electronic tags are now dime-size.
Electronic technicians are in vital demand in a world experiencing a high technology revolution.
Electronic technicians assist engineers in carrying every project to completion.
Electronic technicians diagnose and fix personal computers at local repair shops.
Electronic technicians use their knowledge of electrical theory while they work.
Electronic techniques covered include data base searching and internet resources.
Electronic technologies are the foundation for communication and information systems.
Electronic technologies means electronic devices and systems to access and exchange information.
Electronic technologies offer the scope for re-engineering government.
Electronic technology can also support the integration of mathematics with other subject areas.
Electronic technology is a transformation agent that holds promise for the academic community.
Electronic technology is an exciting dimension of the instructional program.
Electronic technology is at the students' disposal.
Electronic technology is concerned with waves, radiation, energy converters, etc.
Electronic technology is only as good as the power source.
Electronic Technology Makes It Possible to . . .
Electronic technology provides better, cheaper and more products with less and less labor.
Electronic technology reduces paper work.
Electronic technology reverses the process.
Electronic telephones use a K-style handset, which has square ear and mouthpieces.
Electronic temperature sensing cables are helpful in large, deep storage structures.
Electronic terminals make it safe and convenient.
Electronic test benches Modular technical workbenches and lab furniture.
Electronic testers tend to understate the moisture content of hot or rapidly cooled grain.
Electronic text allows no context clues to convey shades of irony, sarcasm, or harmless humor.
Electronic text does the name for the codex book.
Electronic text has a different weight in chats and irc conversations.
Electronic text is apt to evolve before it forms, as apt to dissolve before it finishes.
Electronic text is as apt to evolve before it forms, as apt to dissolve before it finishes.
Electronic text is available in English, Spanish, or French.
Electronic text is available on-line.
Electronic text is available upon request.
Electronic text is better for searching and for presenting chunks of knowledge on screen.
Electronic text is more cost-effective, more easily editable and more interactive than printed text.
Electronic text is somewhat expanded from the printed edition.
Electronic text is text
Electronic text is text.
Electronic text moves to hard drives, standard floppy discs, zip discs, or CDs.
Electronic text presents new challenges as well as new opportunities.
Electronic text represents a new development in humanities electronic resources.
Electronic texts are available for downloading from many sites.
Electronic texts are currently most attractive where users are many and dispersed.
Electronic texts are just a part of the effort.
Electronic texts can remove the limitations of print on paper.
Electronic Texts Use the internet to search through electronic texts.
All electronic texts See our holdings page.
Many electronic texts are more expensive than paperback editions of the same book.
Some electronic texts are available.
Electronic Textbooks Welcome to our electronic textbooks site.
Electronic theft is quite similar.
Electronic theory is supported with relevant laboratory experiences.
Electronic thermometers are easier to read and they take a temperature faster and more accurately.
Many electronic thermometers do and are more robust for the barn.
Most electronic thermostats are programmable.
Some electronic thermostats are adjustable.
Electronic theses require all materials to fit on letter sized paper.
Electronic thieves can penetrate virtually any company's network.
Electronic tickets are the preferred method for emergencies.
Electronic tickets offer travelers several advantages over paper tickets.
Electronic tilt shifts the image up or down to view a larger area.
Electronic timers are available that allow lights to be adjusted to a precise minute.
Electronic timers log the time to a thousandth of a second.
Electronic tones breathe and sigh, drifting on lazy aerial currents.
Electronic tools evolve very quickly to become ever more useful.
Electronic tools make certain clerical tasks easier.
Electronic tools provide the means to revolutionise diagnosis, treatment and education.
Electronic toxins can leach into groundwater or produce carcinogens when burned.
Electronic toys lead the young in a ballet of unbelievable violence.
Electronic toys replace the child's own ideas with programmed scenarios designed by adults.
Electronic tracking seems a promising example.
Electronic trade abolishes distances and frontiers.
Electronic trade challenges many of the basic concepts of national sovereignty.
Electronic trade is now a reality.
Electronic trading has little affect on company stock.
Electronic Trading involves considerable risks .
Electronic trading is an enabler for change within the organisation.
Electronic trading is still relatively new.
Electronic trading reduces the benefits and raises the costs of member ownership and nonprofit form.
Electronic training is available for all international customers.
Electronic Training is CD ROM based.
Electronic transactions are cost effective ,and reduce the opportunity for error.
Electronic transactions are in place for specific services with more added each month.
Electronic transactions are less prone to errors and rework and are therefore more efficient.
Electronic transactions are mostly faceless transactions between strangers.
Electronic transactions eliminate the uncertainty of mail and check clearing float.
Electronic transactions have great profit potential for all businesses both large and small.
Electronic transactions incur lower fees than over the counter fees.
Electronic transactions involving information and images and sound are immediate.
Electronic transactions make a physical bank presence irrelevant.
Electronic transactions play a major role.
Electronic transactions reduce the possibility of clerical errors.
All electronic transactions are free.
Electronic transcription ensures information is secure and eliminates transcription errors.
Electronic transducers allow refrigeration pressures to be conveniently monitored on the screen.
Electronic transfer is available.
Electronic transfer is recommended for large, international purchases.
Electronic transfers are also more secure because handling and processing are minimized.
Electronic transfers are easy.
Electronic transfers can take place wherever there is a connection to the Internet.
Electronic transformer is built into the microscope stand with intensity control.
An electronic transistor is semiconductor
Electronic transistors use electrons to control, amplify, or switch electrons.
Electronic translators can convert punched tape records into suitable input for digital computers.
Electronic transmission includes transmission through computer networks.
Electronic transmission is strongly preferred.
Electronic transmission is the preferred method.
Electronic transmission removes the risk of loss or mishandling inherent with paper returns.
Electronic transmissions are acceptable.
Electronic transmissions are typically time-sensitive and flow seamlessly across borders.
Electronic transport offers a faster, cost-effective way to deliver patient information.
Electronic transport phenomena in thin films.
Electronic trash contains many dangerous substances, such as lead, mercury, and cadmium.
Electronic tuners are invaluable to beginning students.
Electronic typewriters go on sale.
Electronic unit floats.
Electronic updates automate the process of data file and system maintenance.
All electronic updates are free to existing customers.
Electronic validation eliminates the cash inspection plate.
Electronic vandalism is an increasingly serious problem.
Electronic vehicles facilitate information sharing throughout the decentralized organization.
Electronic verification is more promising.
Electronic version includes all local, national and international directories.
Electronic version includes full text of articles.
Electronic version includes updated articles.
Electronic version is a text document.
Electronic version is free of charge.
Electronic version is free.
Electronic version is in Swedish language.
Electronic version is keyword searchable.
Electronic version is sent out every fortnight.
Electronic version requires password.
Electronic versions are accessible here.
Electronic versions are also available .
Electronic versions are also available.
Electronic versions are available for a limited number of reports.
Electronic versions are available for downloading in both gif and jpeg formats.
Electronic versions are available in advance of print edition.
Electronic versions are available.
Electronic versions are fine, and less expensive.
Electronic versions are now also available for some judicial circuits.
Electronic versions are often as good or better than the original.
Electronic versions are often better than the printed volumes.
Electronic versions are preferred, because it eliminates having to rekeyboard everything.
Electronic versions are preferred.
Electronic versions provided here require software listed below.
All electronic versions contain the exact same information as the printed versions.
Electronic view has many advantages over printed reports.
Electronic viruses invade our homes, destroying our most important financial and personal records.
Electronic vote replaces all other forms of voting and includes the right of election and selection.
Electronic voting allows students from all over to vote at any time.
Electronic voting has a bright future.
Electronic voting is discussed.
Electronic voting is fast and easy and saves money.
Electronic voting is one solution.
Electronic voting is part of our future.
Electronic voting is the easiest and most accessible way to ensure that everyone can vote.
Electronic voting is the most expensive of the technologies being considered.
Electronic voting seems inevitable.
Electronic wallets make it even simpler to shop online.
Electronic warfare is an action
Electronic warfare needs to be integrated more closely with other forms of warfare.
Electronic waste is used as well.
Most electronic watches have a stable error change rate.
All electronic withdrawals are free.
Electronic wizards can guide users through new tasks.
Electronic wizardry helps to create an 'entertainment' style adventure for all the family.
Electronic workflow is also important.
Electronic workflow is envisaged to follow.
Electronic workflow is the norm.
Electronic workshop is modified.
Electronic worlds integrate multiple means of communication between people and artificial Agents.
Electronic worship can make full use of the liturgical traditions of the church.
Electronic writing is both a visual and verbal description.
Electronic zoom allows the images on the screen to be enlarged.
Electronical distribution is free.
Electronics Books can be boring, overly complex, and lack graphical pizazz.
An electronics company is a company
Some electronics companies claim their chips are so ubiquitous they can be used anywhere.
All electronics components have a low consumption.
Many electronics components fail quickly.
Electronics engineer writes about engineering, electronics, software, high-tech.
Electronics engineers analyze the requirements and costs of electrical systems.
Electronics engineers are an important part of the technical staff.
Electronics engineers are responsible for systems that control plant systems or signal processes.
Electronics engineers are workers.
Electronics engineers can make a bid too.
Electronics engineers create effects.
Electronics engineers create special effects.
Electronics engineers earn degrees.
Electronics engineers enter occupations.
Electronics engineers have specialties.
Electronics engineers work in areas.
Electronics engineers work in buildings.
Electronics engineers work in office buildings.
Electronics engineers work on applications.
Most electronics engineers create effects.
Most electronics engineers create special effects.
Most electronics engineers earn degrees.
Most electronics engineers enter occupations.
Most electronics engineers have specialties.
Most electronics engineers work in areas.
Most electronics engineers work in buildings.
Most electronics engineers work in office buildings, laboratories, or industrial plants.
Most electronics engineers work in office buildings.
Most electronics engineers work on applications.
Electronics engineering is a great career to test one's creativeness and imagination.
Electronics industries use concepts.
Most electronics industries use concepts.
Electronics manufacturers employ workers.
Electronics manufacturers offer more choice, better value to customers.
Many electronics manufacturers consider used equipment in their budgetary process.
Most electronics manufacturers employ workers.
Electronics manufacturing remains our principal target.
Electronics network removes a fence of information communication.
Electronics packages are available.
Electronics packaging is a technical area of research concentration in the department.
Any electronics person can connect it.
Electronics products are the Philippines' main export and a mainstay of the economy.
Many electronics products have a short shelf life, and stores carry a limited inventory.
Electronics stores abound, selling the latest in computer, audio, and video equipment.
Electronics stores use multiplexers to show the same movie on a wall of televisions.
Many electronics stores rent large-screen televisions for the big game.
Electronics generates heat.
Electronics has limits.
Electronics isa science.
Electroosmotic flow causes liquid to form small droplets, which are deposited on probes.
Electroosmotic flow is much more stable if the tubing is etched to form a conical end.
Electrophoresis also separates chemicals by weight and electrical properties.
Electrophoresis can also be highly effective for separating trace minerals.
Electrophoresis creates a set of bands in the gel, caused by migration of protein from the seed.
Electrophoresis is a cornerstone of molecular biology.
Electrophoresis is a fundamental tool of the molecular biologist.
Electrophoresis is a laboratory technique used the to separate charged molecules.
Electrophoresis is a laboratory technique.
Electrophoresis is a natural phenomenon.
Electrophoresis is a processing technique widely used on Earth.
Electrophoresis is a technique used for the separation of molecules by means of electric current.
Electrophoresis is an action
Electrophoresis is an analytical method frequently used in molecular biology and medicine.
Electrophoresis is concerned with the conduction of electric charge in an electric field.
Electrophoresis is natural processes.
Electrophoresis is normally a statistical process involving many molecules of a given type.
Electrophoresis is simple, takes little energy and is highly automatable.
Electrophoresis is the flow of charged particles.
Electrophoresis is the migration of a charged molecule in an electrical field.
Electrophoresis is the migration of charged molecules like proteins in an electrical field.
Electrophoresis is the movement of a molecule in a solution by the application of an electric field.
Electrophoresis is the separation of molecules by electricity.
Electrophoresis permits diagnosis of rare entities such as analbuminemia and bisalbuminemia.
Electrophoresis publishes articles in English.
Electrophoresis then separates out the components of the mixture.
Electrophoresis works better than electrostatic beneficiation but is much slower.
Electrophoretic differences reflect differences in the underlying genes encoding an enzyme.
Electrophoretic resolution limits length of fragments.
Electrophysiologic evaluation is considered to be only one aspect of physical therapy practice.
Electrophysiologic studies are an important diagnostic and therapeutic tool.
Electrophysiologic studies examine the electrical aspects of body functions.
Electrophysiologic testing is also useful in the diagnosis of arrhythmia.
Electrophysiologic testing is conducted in a catheterization or electrophysiology laboratory.
Electrophysiological abnormalities are more severe in older than in young patients.
Electrophysiological study is invasive and relatively expensive.
Electroplated coatings are the most widely used coatings in the solar collector industry.
Electroplated Finishes Electroplated finishes are available in many colors and compositions.
Electroporated protoplasts express seed specific gene promoters.
Electroshock therapy is shock therapy
Electroshock therapy is used by psychiatrists.
An electroshock is shock therapy
Electroshock can cause brain damage, including permanent memory loss and learning disabilities.
Electroshock causes death.
Electroshock is a crime against humanity.
Electroshock is a highly effective treatment, at times life-saving.
Electroshock is a treatment for severe and persistent emotional disorders.
Electroshock is as much art as science because how it works is still a mystery.
Electroshock is the only one still in common use.
Electroshock is used to bring unconsciousness.
Electroshock requires repeated treatments.
Electroshock always causes memory loss.
Electrostatic action lifts unwanted dirt from any surface.
Electrostatic action lifts unwanted particles form clothing, furniture or carpet.
Electrostatic actuators allow adjustment of the cavity width between the mirrored surfaces.
Electrostatic actuators exert a force on a dielectric mirror without touching it.
Electrostatic attraction attracts dust to the screen and eventually hinders visibility.
Electrostatic attraction is indiscriminate.
Electrostatic charge is charge
Electrostatic charge is charge.
Electrostatic charge rises to a maximum, and is discharged much more quickly.
Electrostatic charges can lead to electric shocks and sparks.
Electrostatic charges cause the toners to adhere to the belt.
All electrostatic charge is removed completely.
Electrostatic computations reveal the enzyme to be a single massive dipole.
Electrostatic deflectors steer the primary beam in a raster pattern onto the sample.
Electrostatic detectors can be of the type which react to static charges or to RF capacity changes.
Electrostatic discharge can create catastrophic or latent failures in electronic components.
Electrostatic discharge can damage some parts of a cochlear implant.
Electrostatic discharge can damage the device without any visible handling mistake.
Electrostatic discharge is the transfer of electrons from one object to another.
Electrostatic discharges can ignite the fuel vapor.
Electrostatic effects deal with high voltage at little or no current.
Electrostatic effects dominate the phase equilibria of ionic surfactant systems.
Electrostatic feedback is used to counteract the proof mass displacement due to acceleration.
Electrostatic fields are like gravity, and voltage is like the height of the hill.
Electrostatic filters are also good.
Electrostatic filters are available to be added to the return on the central system.
Electrostatic filters are more effective than standard filters.
Electrostatic filters use charged plates that create an electrical field to trap particles.
Electrostatic filters work well.
Electrostatic flux is impeded or blocked by metallic objects.
Electrostatic force causes the capacitor to wobble back and forth as it charges and discharges.
Electrostatic forces are foundational to our existence.
Electrostatic forces cause the particle to adhere to the surface of the aluminum.
Electrostatic forces caused by high voltage can masquerade as small weight changes.
Electrostatic forces play a major role in determining the three-dimensional structures of proteins.
Electrostatic grids extract ions, depending from the impact microplasma.
Electrostatic headphones are high voltage systems.
Electrostatic headphones are very high-voltage devices.
Most electrostatic headphones require an 'energiser' a box of tricks to make the headphone work.
Electrostatic induction causes the stick end to 'follow' the rod.
Electrostatic interactions are important in determining the structure and function of biomolecules.
Electrostatic interactions are the most difficult to deal with for two reasons.
Electrostatic interactions are the principal computational cost of such simulations.
Electrostatic interactions initiate the formation of such a complex.
Electrostatic interactions occur between charged atoms.
Electrostatic interactions play a significant role in many biological processes.
Electrostatic lenses require only modest power.
Electrostatic phenomena arise from the forces that electric charges exert on each other.
Electrostatic plates are purple.
Electrostatic plotters can produce multi-colored images.
Electrostatic plotters produce two waste streams.
Electrostatic plotters use a wet toner and replenisher rather than a dry toner.
Electrostatic potential is the force felt by a charge placed around a molecule.
An electrostatic precipitator is an electrical device
Electrostatic precipitator have high voltage attract particles.
Electrostatic precipitators are less effective than scrubbers.
Electrostatic precipitators are the most efficient method for removing submicron particles.
Electrostatic precipitators can generate ozone.
Electrostatic precipitators draw in air with a fan.
Electrostatic precipitators have the disadvantage of producing some ozone, a known pollutant.
Electrostatic precipitators take advantage of the electrical principle that opposites attract.
Electrostatic precipitators use electrostatic forces to separate dust particles from exhaust gases.
An electrostatic printer is a machine
Electrostatic printers can handle high volumes but require a carefully controlled environment.
Electrostatic printers use pigment-based toners and have long been the leaders in outdoors imaging.
Electrostatic printing produces a relatively lightfast image.
Electrostatic rejection can also be important.
Electrostatic repulsion depends on square of distance.
Electrostatic shields are also available and widely used in northern Europe.
Electrostatic shielding is provided to reduce capacitive coupling between the two windings.
Electrostatic spray uses less epoxy and solvent for the same coating thickness.
Electrostatic stabilization is based on the mutual repulsion of like electrical charges.
Electrostatic trapping causes retention.
Electrosurgical instrumentation compares favorably with the surgical laser.
An electrotherapy is therapy
Electrotherapy can work in a variety of ways.
Electrotherapy is one of the core skills of the physiotherapist.
Electrotherapy utilizing the wet cell battery is a possible area of research.
Electrum library is located on the second floor across from the Electrum restaurant.
Eleemonsynary deeds have their incipience intramurally.
Eleemosynary deeds have their incipience intramurally.
Elegance can fluctuate depending upon budget and time constraints.
Elegance comes only to the persistent.
Elegance extends to the service, too.
Elegance has pictures, a story and links on collectors cars.
Elegance is a turn on to the mind of a lover.
Elegance is abundant as well.
Elegance is again the keynote.
Elegance is all of the above.
Elegance is always key, but everyone has individual tastes.
Elegance is assembly - an apparatus readily put together and taken apart.
Elegance is clearly evident in the simplicity of form .
Elegance is desirable, but only validity is essential.
Elegance is eloquent, often enchanting.
Elegance is enhanced by coordinating with lined inside envelopes.
Elegance is finally affordable with excellent service.
Elegance is important for formal dining, but a casual air is inviting.
Elegance is in the air.
Elegance is in the details.
Elegance is innate, it's an attitude towards life, an inner beauty that is expressed.
Elegance is innate.
Elegance is more important to women.
Elegance is omni-present for sophisticated hair fashions of today.
Elegance is on an even higher level now.
Elegance is one of the most sought-after commodities in any of our personal effects.
Elegance is optimization.
Elegance is our goal.
Elegance is our hallmark and our attention to detail is unrivalled.
Elegance is our theme.
Elegance is postponed .
Elegance is quality
Elegance is quality.
Elegance is refusal.
Elegance is simplification.
Elegance is something that Bruno is obsessed with.
Elegance is something that comes from inside.
Elegance is subjective, of course.
Elegance is the achievement of maximal effect with minimal effort.
Elegance is the concept of something that is simple but works very well.
Elegance is the key here.
Elegance is the key.
Elegance is the theme to strive for in the formal dining area, but a casual elegance . . .
Elegance is universal.
Elegance makes a very large line of ballroom and latin shoes in addition to what is listed here.
Elegance means lack of adornment.
Elegance meets convenience at Solitude.
Elegance never comes from miscomprehension.
Elegance never goes out of style.
Elegance regains the reins.
Elegance rubs shoulders with the bizarre.
Elegance starts in the morning and goes on in a endless evolution till the evening.
Elegance always pays off.
Elegant accommodation is available in several stone houses, widely separated for seclusion.
Elegant acidity gives plenty of structure to the pure and clean fruit.
Elegant audiences promenade in the marble halls hung with crystal and aglow with flowers.
Elegant bedrooms combine period touches with modern comfort.
Every elegant bottle is a unique expression of eastern craftsmanship.
Elegant buildings surround a quiet lake.
Elegant clock has a solid hardwood case and brown cherry finish.
Elegant code is a concept that is hard to explain.
Elegant columns enhance the open feeling of the formal dining room.
Elegant corners stand among ancient buildings where the night air is scented with jasmine.
Elegant design features a scoop neckline.
Elegant design features quiet, full-size keys.
Elegant design integrates well with most landscapes.
Elegant designs are highly favorable, but great graphics and design can come in many other forms.
Elegant details complement the warm atmosphere.
Elegant Eggs Let's go spooky with eggs, one of the most perfect party snacks on the fun circuit.
Elegant Exteriors Explore some of the beautiful landscapes graced by our homes. . . . .
Elegant fruit is supported by firm but refined structure.
Elegant furnishings combined with beautiful surroundings promise an unparalleled retreat.
Elegant Greeting Publishes everything.
Elegant guestrooms feature fluffy goose down comforters, antiques and all private bathrooms.
Elegant home has loads of woodwork and private baths.
Elegant hotel surrounds landscaped courtyard activity center.
Elegant ladies watches and stylish men's watches, timepieces worth having.
Elegant lakes occupy grand cirques.
Some elegant lamps have arms.
Elegant landscape surrounds the building.
Elegant lifestyles are the order of the day.
Elegant living begins five floors above the cityscape.
Elegant men waltz with one hand behind the back, amid the women's swirling skirts.
Elegant mirrors add interest and the illusion of depth to any room setting.
Elegant nannies perambulate with their placid charges.
Elegant necks define the opening of the gourd, left natural inside.
Elegant necks define the opening of the gourd.
Elegant patterns exist among the seemingly chaotic evolution of networked industries and companies.
Elegant photographs portray the almost palpable incandescence of rural vistas.
Elegant plant labels with white ink on clear plastic appear throughout the garden.
Elegant porches wrap around the house and it is all held together by a charming white picket fence.
Elegant products forgive mistakes.
Elegant products show that someone cared about what the product looked like.
Elegant products use materials in logical, natural ways.
Elegant replicas have several advantages.
Elegant residents lounge.
Elegant resort overlooks the Monterey Bay from above.
Elegant restaurants offer a variety of continental, international, or Filipino cuisine.
Elegant side handles Non-drip spigot.
Elegant simplicity continues to be reflected in new products.
Elegant simplicity is often a mark of good design.
Elegant solutions are our best asset.
Elegant solutions avoid anything that communicates a sense of unease.
Elegant staircases lead to gracious landings from which bedrooms and master suites flow.
Elegant suites are also available.
Elegant suites have whirlpool tubs for two.
Elegant suites offer a warm touch of romance with private hot tub and fireplace.
Elegant swag has fullness only on bottom.
Elegant touches are still evident in the plaster-ornamented ceilings of rooms on the lower floors.
Elegant wallpaper repeats the history of the Brazilian people in muted tones of gold and green.
Elegant weddings are well planned and are pleasing to all the senses.
An elegy is a poem
Elegies also have love and war as subjects in addition to death.
Elegies are albums.
Elegies are laments.
Elegies are poems.
Elegies echo throughout the world at the great betrayal and the great fall.
Elegies is a small collection, bits and pieces gathered together from thirty years worth of work.
Elegy is a lyric poem written to commemorate someone who is dead.
Elegy is a slow, free and rhapsodic work for solo 'cello.
Elegy is a truly remarkable album.
Elegy is only a secondary concern in Chaucer's poem.
Elegy presents everything as lost and gone or absent and future.
Many elegies mourn the death of a famous person or a close friend.
Elektra stores offer installment plans, paging services, money transfers, and savings accounts.
Element budgets are primary tools used to investigate biogeochemical processes.
Element comparison works better when sibling nodes have different positions under their parent.
All element employees cultivate an active involvement in youth culture.
Element grain is handed with skill.
Element names are always case-insensitive.
Element names are case sensitive.
Element names are case-insensitive.
Element names are expanded versions of tag names intended for a human audience.
Element names are the message ids.
Element names can contain letters, digits, hyphens, underscores, colons, or full stops.
Element names follow four rough patterns.
All element names are case-sensitive.
All element names are uppercased.
Elements of design affect nearly all aspects of daily living.
Some elements of life seem to be timeless.
Elements of Music is an entry-level music program which can be used by children and adults.
Element of surprise helps manipulate some people.
Element one is the order form's descriptive label.
Element placement is one of the most functional site building experiences on the Web.
Element symbols are case sensitive.
An element is a part
Element are color-coded as gas, fluid or radioactive.
Element begin time defined relative to the end time of another element.
Element can appear zero or one time.
Element can contain a mix of textual data and other specific elements.
Element contains only one kind of atom .
Element contains only one kind of atom.
Element have nice pop, nice concave, are strong, and light.
Element includes bulkhead threaded fittings to ensure a water-tight seal.
Element is a hashtable' is even simpler.
Element is a single lens shaped piece of glass that forms part of a compound lens system.
Element is cleanable.
Element is Earth.
Element is finished with aluminized paint for corrosion resistance.
Element is one of xx, xy, xz, yx, yy, yz, zx, zy, zz .
Element is the component, which actually does the measuring.
Element is the name of the XML element that is opened with the start tag.
Element is the name of the XML element type that is opened with the start tag.
Element is very flat one one side.
Element isa object.
Element isa substance.
Element means uranium or plutonium.
Element provides the core capability for the technical DoD response.
Element remains active on the timeline for an indefinite amount of time.
Elements absorb heat.
Elements act as containers for other elements and text, to an unlimited depth.
Elements affect functions.
Elements affect growth.
Elements allow the Other to show itself in ways that intellect alone can never accomplish.
Elements also can have attributes as a part of their construction.
Elements appear in a specific order, like steps in a process.
Elements are a kind of matter that consist of atoms of only one kind.
Elements are accessible by external keys that are indices.
Elements are all interchangeable for hours of learning play, and teethers are included.
Elements are almost never a problem.
Elements are also more sensitive than ICs.
Elements are also of international significance.
Elements are also single-spaced.
Elements are any substance composed solely of chemically identical atoms.
Elements are available as data values in a data table and as isopleths displayed on the map.
Elements are available to producers as ions.
Elements are case-sensitive .
Elements are chemical substances.
Elements are collection of identical atoms which thus have identical chemical properties.
Elements are composed of atoms, the basic unit of matter.
Elements are composed of one type of atom with a spesific structure of protons.
Elements are contained in a tree structure, with the desktop as the root element.
Elements are dark blue, attributes are green, and comments are in orange.
Elements are defined by the number of protons they possess.
Elements are easy to manipulate.
Elements are either numeric or string.
Elements are elaborately combined to produce a coherent whole.
Elements are environments.
Elements are featured in large colorful boxes.
Elements are fields delimited by spaces.
Elements are found on the periodic table.
Elements are grouped according to periodic properties or trends.
Elements are heliocentric.
Elements are in.
Elements are liminal things.
Elements are listed in order of increasing atomic number.
Elements are located in universes.
Elements are longer to type.
Elements are made of only one kind of atom.
Elements are made up of atoms.
Elements are markup tags similar to HTML tags.
Elements are more extensible in the face of future changes.
Elements are naturals.
Elements are normally straight.
Elements are often the wrong size, or in a place where they serve little or no use.
Elements are part of sets.
Elements are parts in a mechanistic, spacio-temporal framework.
Elements are photo-lithographically defined onto specially processed lithium tantalate crystals.
Elements are pure substances that are made of only one type of matter.
Elements are relative and dynamic.
Elements are reusable and and can be cleaned with commpressed air or by washing.
Elements are situations.
Elements are straight lines.
Elements are substances made of only one kind of atom.
Elements are substances.
Elements are technical building blocks defined by the services that they provide.
Elements are the basic building blocks for all types of substances .
Elements are the basic building blocks for all types of substances.
Elements are the basic building blocks of all matter.
Elements are the basic building blocks of chemistry.
Elements are the basic unit of XML content.
Elements are the building blocks for all the rest of the matter in the world.
Elements are the building blocks of every Homestead Web site.
Elements are the building blocks of matter.
Elements are the building blocks of the Categories, and reflect specific school to work practices.
Elements are the building blocks of the universe.
Elements are the letters and the words are the same as compounds.
Elements are the lowest form of all matter.
Elements are the only things that can be nested.
Elements are the simplest forms of anything.
Elements are the simplest pure substances.
Elements are the simplest type of a substance.
Elements are the simplest type of substance.
Elements are there to help organize the document in a logical fashion.
Elements are type definitions for instances, but there can be no direct instance of a 'type'.
Elements are unique and offer a partner a new and unobtrusive way to reach new customers on the Web.
Elements are very easy to place and manipulate in a number of ways.
Elements are weather.
Elements are writers or directors or actors with track records, people who can make a movie happen.
Elements begin to float all over the image and objects pop out of the surface.
Elements can achieve a noble gas electron configuration three ways.
Elements can also be mixed and matched from the templates to develop a personalized structure.
Elements can also contain sub-elements as well.
Elements can appear in any order.
Elements can back up or slide horizontally.
Elements can be either energy or matter.
Elements can be in various orders.
Elements can be text, pictures or videos.
Elements can be XML-LINKed.
Elements can change states when the temperature drops or rises.
Elements can consist of content.
Elements can contain character data, child elements, or a mixture of both.
Elements can contain one or more attributes and text.
Elements can contain only other specified elements and no text.
Elements can contain plain text, other elements, or both.
Elements can contain text, other elements, or be empty.
Elements can contain textual data.
Elements can equally hide as much as reveal themselves to the viewer.
Elements can even overlap, be hidden or be moved dynamically.
Elements can have a different number of neutrons.
Elements can have attributes which further refine or modify element behaviour.
Elements can have attributes.
Elements can have different numbers of neutrons.
Elements can have the same z-index value and be placed on the same stack level.
Elements can have various attributes that specify the properties of the block.
Elements can have zero or more attributes.
Elements can now implement pad that can be created by the user app when needed.
Elements can occur in any order in the resource file.
Elements can operate simultaneously to produce a steady stream of processed data.
Elements can show an image preceeding the elment end tag.
Elements circulate through the air in a gas cycle and from land to water in a sedimentary one.
Elements combine in certain ratios to form compounds.
Elements combine to form a task, tasks combine to form a duty, and duties combine to from a job.
Elements combine to form compound substances of various numbers of atoms in the molecule.
Elements combine to form compounds.
Elements combined When hydrogen burns in the air, water is formed.
Elements comprise all matter at and above the atomic level.
Elements conduct electricity.
Elements Consider the weather.
Elements consist of a name, a namespace, a set of attributes, and a list of child nodes.
Elements consist of atoms of different mass called isotopes.
Elements consist of two tags, an opening and a closing tag.
Elements contain significant data.
Elements contributing to fire behavior include weather, topography and fuels.
Elements correspond to P elements of the cesDoc source.
Elements covered include phonology, grammar, mood, and vowel harmony.
Elements covered include theatre, dance and music.
Elements create a warm and lived in look.
Elements define content, Attributes describe content.
Elements define the hierarchical structure of a document.
Elements defines general Element queries and queries for pragmas.
Elements demo suggestions.
Elements depend on other elements and are always components of a procedure.
Elements derived from the hyoid arch are most conspicuously present in jaw support.
Elements describe major and important requirements of the job, which are used to rate performance.
Elements destroy supplies and equipment, except medical items.
Elements differ in vibrational through the mere change in components such as protons and electrons.
Elements dissolve in seawater.
Elements do transmute and form different elements.
Elements does an excellent job of holding the user's hand.
Elements encompass almost everything but text.
Elements exhibiting the largest deviations are aluminum, calcium, manganese, and silicon.
Elements exist as a group of different isotopes.
Elements exist in various forms in the abiotic reservoir.
Elements fall into families which share similar chemical properties with each other.
Elements flow back to the environment and energy is lost to space if organisms die and decompose.
Elements focus on Missouri geography.
Elements form compounds.
Elements form covalent compounds.
Elements form electron configurations of noble gases .
Elements gives business professionals and photo enthusiasts a basic set of image-editing tools.
Elements has a new gallery of graph types.
Elements has a wonderful mix of features and offers allot of help for novice users.
Elements have (part) atoms.
Elements have a name and a symbol, both of which are usually derived from their old Latin name.
Elements have a name, attributes, and the contents of the element.
Elements have a well-defined Type .
Elements have an oxidation state of zero.
Elements have atomic mass.
Elements have atoms of only one kind.
Elements have attributes , content , and other auxiliary properties.
Elements have attributes and styles, which can be modified at any time.
Elements have attributes, comments, and child elements of their own.
Elements have bind energy.
Elements have characteristic chemical properties.
Elements have chemical properties.
Elements have commercial purposes.
Elements have differences.
Elements have different atomic mass.
Elements have distinct properties and atomic structure.
Elements have energy.
Elements have important human values.
Elements have isotopes.
Elements have magnetic properties.
Elements have mass.
Elements have more than one isotope with varying numbers of neutrons.
Elements have nuclear energy.
Elements have owners, or parents.
Elements have particular isotopes.
Elements have potential energy.
Elements have properties.
Elements have purposes.
Elements have radioactive isotopes.
Elements have similar chemical properties.
Elements have small differences.
Elements have stable isotopes.
Elements have the ability to communicate with other elements and to interact with the environment.
Elements have the same letter-spacing as their parent element.
Elements have values.
Elements here are concept generation and concept evaluation.
Elements identified include molybdenum, chromium, nickel, cobalt, vanadium, tungsten and manganese.
Elements identified include titanium, palladium, vanadium, molybdenum tin, zirconium and aluminum.
Elements including program, soloists, specific ensemble and date are negotiable.
Elements is a leading laboratory in hair mineral analysis for health care professionals world-wide.
Elements is created as the tenth feature.
Elements is said to be one of the most frequently translated and studied books in the world.
Elements Learn how scientists organize the periodic table.
Elements link to further information.
Elements lose their identity - they simply contribute to an overall free energy.
Elements made with abnormal dispersion liquids offer additional benefits to lens makers.
Elements measure potential to learn and advance.
Elements merges several photos and corrects for perspective to create a seamless panorama.
Elements offers a wide spectrum of environmental information.
Elements pour une problematique appliquee.
Elements presents information, opinion and environmental perspectives.
Elements range from basic text to clip art, guest books and chat rooms.
Elements range from supermarket usage to whiteware stores.
Elements react with elements.
Elements react with nonmetallic elements.
Elements reacting on the international arena encourage creative thinking on our part.
Elements recognize openings and remain associative.
Elements represented by the following questions are critical elements of a hazard mitigation plan.
Elements require for growth.
Elements require for plant growth.
Elements seen in polarized light microscopy of urine are mostly birefringent crystals.
Elements sink to bottoms.
Elements specify the keywords for markup tags that can be used in the body of the document.
Elements sports a variety of color correction and image retouching tools.
Elements strives to represent the full cultural mix of our region.
Elements switch between states when their input exceeds a specific threshold value.
Elements Tell the browser what to do.
Elements Unscramble the letters to find the name of a chemical element.
Elements used in small amounts are nutriments known as minerals.
Elements uses brilliant visual tools which show students how music works.
Elements uses brilliantly conceived visual tools that shows students how music works.
Elements vary considerably by station.
Elements vary in the saturating power of their atoms.
Elements wipe across the screen as if they are being scanned by a photocopier.
Elements work together in cohesive fashion which is specific to the period of the product.
Elements Write a catchy first paragraph using a personal story or concrete example.
Elements frequently have their highest oxidation state in the form of a binary fluoride.
Elements usually apply to some section of plain text.
Elements usually emit a gamma-ray during nuclear decay or fission.
Elements usually occur in nature as mixtures of isotopes.
All element have a containing block.
All element inserting and numbering actions are optional and configurable.
All elements are always present in a goal.
All elements are complete.
All elements are covered, includes all major points.
All elements are DBM standard.
All elements are diamagnetic, i.e., they are expelled from a magnetic field.
All elements are either alkaline or acid.
All elements are hard multi-coated for maximum light transmission.
All elements are important.
All elements are in good working order.
All elements are in place for the profitable growth of the Manitoba pork industry.
All elements are independent draws.
All elements are integers except the last which is a pointer to a null-terminated string.
All elements are interdependent.
All elements are made up uniquely of their own atoms .
All elements are made up uniquely of their own atoms.
All elements are modifiable to fit client needs.
All elements are Navigator-friendly layers.
All elements are necessary if a dynamic view of the society is to be arrived at.
All elements are now just digital matter, a stream of zeros and ones.
All elements are of equal importance.
All elements are only various groupings of hydrogen.
All elements are optional and repeatable.
All elements are optional.
All elements are positioned elements of course.
All elements are present.
All elements are quadratic-order, isoparametric, with appropriate thickness.
All elements are repeatable.
All elements are rhythmists, musicians, focused on staying in beat with one another.
All elements are suitable for linear or nonlinear analyses.
All elements are suitable for nonlinear analyses.
All elements are the same and interchangeable.
All elements are there.
All elements are to be purposive in drawing students together.
All elements are to be used together.
All elements are very well visible.
All elements are visible from wheelchair height.
All elements begin with the standard element header and display header.
All elements blend together in a delicate choreography of elegant balance and awesome design.
All elements can have their desired forgetting index set individually.
All elements combine in a solid, lingering finish.
All elements combine in the festive, celebratory symbol.
All elements combine to influence the listener in a powerful and permanent way.
All elements contained within are the sole property of their respective owners.
All elements exhibit characteristic spectral emission lines.
All elements expand or shrink at the same rate, keeping the focal plane in a fixed location.
All elements fit into nine crystal structures.
All elements have a particular isotope that is most common in nature.
All elements have a symbol, usually related to their English names.
All elements have an onfilterchange event which fires when a filter effect is complete.
All elements have at least some isotopes that are radioactive.
All elements have atoms with neutrons except for one.
All elements have attribute settings.
All elements have cardioid polar pattern forward.
ALL elements have closing tags.
All elements have more than one known isotope.
All elements have rhythms, metabolic and behavioral rates of cycling and pulsing.
All elements have several forms called isotopes.
All elements have some physical and non-physical shape.
All elements have subparts.
All elements have unique numbers that correspond with their physical location in the collection .
All elements involve data-based decision making.
All elements lead listener to desired conclusion.
All elements load at the same time.
All elements load simultaneously.
All elements make a contribution.
All elements recoil if defeated by distant shooting.
All elements reinforce the emotional thrust of each work.
All elements relate either directly or indirectly to charge build-up process in the atmosphere.
All elements require absolute perfection and exquisite balance.
All elements show insertion preference into loci in which other elements of the same family reside.
All elements then follow the leading elements in successive order.
All elements work together to attract and maintain customers, and boost efficiency.
All elements work together.
Any element can be a button.
Any element can be a document element.
Any element can have one or more foreign namespaces introduced to it.
Any element is secondary to the overall effect.
Any element listed on the periodic table consists of atoms.
Every element can be a part of any set.
Every element can exist in different forms, called isotopes.
Every element clicks beautifully into place.
Every element comes together and, for a second, there's something more than what is literally there.
Every element controls another and is controlled by one itself.
Every element defines every other, and is defined by it.
Every element has a check box.
Every element has a name.
Every element has a purpose.
Every element has a space in the periodic table.
Every element has a story.
Every element has a unique spectral signature.
Every element has an inverse that is also a member of the group.
Every element has certain strengths and weaknesses.
Every element has it's own unique half-life.
Every element has radioactive isotopes.
Every element has space, time and dynamic perameters.
Every element has the use of an index wheel to aid searches.
Every element inspires a languorous, luxurious meal.
Every element is a copy of t .
Every element is an independent entity, yet each plays an important role in the total composition.
Every element is as perfect as can be.
Every element is broken down to weak and strong element.
Every element is built to the same exacting standards.
Every element is characterized by a unique mass and charge.
Every element is determined by previous elements.
Every element is enveloped in a box that can be given margins, borders, padding and lists.
Every element is flush left .
Every element is generated by reflections.
Every element is here only because of our education mission.
Every element is in place to proceed to an exceptional future.
Every element is made of the same kind of atom, so each element has a symbol.
Every element is objectified to search for a speedy or cost effective method.
Every element is part of the narration.
Every element is placed in relationship to another so that thaey assist each other.
Every element is so strong.
Every element is uniquely a sum of homogeneous elements.
Every element is united for the purpose of the working whole.
Every element plays a crucial part, but many are underemphasized to look like mere exposition.
Every element represents an important part of our mission.
Every element seems in place.
Every element shows a successful effort to make the environment something a thief can actually use.
Every element speaks of classic, restrained elegance.
Every element works together to create an environment that encourages exploration and learning.
Many elements affect final plant performance results and stamina.
Many elements affect the ways in which agencies collaborate.
Many elements also have properties inspectors for easy extensive customization.
Many elements are in beta form today.
Many elements are required in trace amounts, usually because they play a catalytic role in enzymes .
Many elements are service and business oriented.
Many elements are substitutes for zinc in chemical, electronic, and pigment uses.
Many elements are unique to the Web version.
Many elements can affect audiences.
Many elements can derail an evaluation plan.
Many elements can freely substitute for others in the tourmaline family.
Many elements can have arguments that pass parameters to the interpreter handling the element.
Many elements can make a basic reroof project challenging.
Many elements combine to create a sense of watching actual people up there on the stage.
Many elements come together to make a fascinating story.
Many elements consist of an opening tag and a closing tag.
Many elements contain notes to or suggestions for teachers.
Many elements contribute to the process of societal change.
Many elements crystallize with the hcp, ccp, or bcc arrangement of atoms.
Many elements determine the price of any piece of gold jewelry.
Many elements distinguish the ceremonial law from the moral law.
Many elements exist in nature as molecules of one or more atom .
Many elements go into the construction of HTML tables.
Many elements have a beginning tag and an ending tag.
Many elements have a different isotopic composition in some non terrestrial materials.
Many elements have a different isotopic composition in some nonterrestrial materials.
Many elements have multiple isotopes which are stable for weeks, years, or even billions of years.
Many elements have several common isotopes.
Many elements have several different structures, called allotropes.
Many elements have their name reduced to the just the first letter, or first two letters.
Many elements have to work together to make the system work, including mass transit.
Many elements have unequal numbers of neutrons and protons in their nucleus.
Many elements influence a teacher's behavior and a student's learning.
Many elements influence remodeling.
Many elements interact and form compounds.
Many elements mix to achieve that splendor.
Many elements occur among the impurities.
Many elements required for information agriculture are available today at reasonable costs.
Many elements seem mismatched, resulting in a final product that seems more piecemeal than unified.
More elements adds more time for each analysis.
Most elements absorb heat.
Most elements affect functions.
Most elements affect growth.
Most elements appear in pairs called starting and ending elements.
Most elements are active.
Most elements are cations and are 'stuck' to soil or media particles by - electrostatic forces.
Most elements are editable.
Most elements are either metals or nonmetals.
Most elements are male only, including five of the six common elements.
Most elements are metals, which are found on the left and toward the bottom of the periodic table.
Most elements are non-empty, which is to say that they have contents and an end tag.
Most elements are only a few seconds long but include longer elements up to a minute in length.
Most elements are only a few seconds long.
Most elements are present as a number of isotopes.
Most elements are quite rare.
Most elements can even cross frame boundaries.
Most elements can exist in several isotopic forms.
Most elements can interact with other elements to form compounds.
Most elements conduct electricity.
Most elements contain considerable fractions of many different stable isotopes.
Most elements correspond accurately with portfolio pictures and descriptions.
Most elements dissolve in seawater.
Most elements emit x-rays when properly bombarded with electrons.
Most elements exist as monatomic molecules, however.
Most elements form covalent compounds.
Most elements have at least one reasonably abundant isotope whose nucleus is magnetic.
Most elements have atomic mass.
Most elements have characteristic chemical properties.
Most elements have chemical properties.
Most elements have commercial purposes.
Most elements have dedicated functions.
Most elements have differences.
Most elements have different atomic mass.
Most elements have energy.
Most elements have important human values.
Most elements have isotopes.
Most elements have magnetic properties.
Most elements have mass.
Most elements have more than one isotope.
Most elements have more than one naturally occuring isotope.
Most elements have more than one naturally occurring isotope.
Most elements have nuclear energy.
Most elements have only one or two or three.
Most elements have particular isotopes.
Most elements have potential energy.
Most elements have properties.
Most elements have purposes.
Most elements have radioactive isotopes.
Most elements have several isotopes.
Most elements have several naturally occurring isotopes.
Most elements have similar chemical properties.
Most elements have small differences.
Most elements have stable isotopes.
Most elements have two or more isotopes.
Most elements have values.
Most elements identify the nature of the contents they surround.
Most elements never exhibit metalic characterists.
Most elements provide a single function, and offer a range of related features.
Most elements provide an interface for working with that specific element.
Most elements react with elements.
Most elements react with nonmetallic elements.
Most elements require applicants to install or maintain sample landscape projects.
Most elements require for growth.
Most elements require for plant growth.
Most elements require team co-operation for success.
Most elements sink to bottoms.
Most elements use exclusively one pathway or the other.
Most elements work together.
Some element is number sixty five.
Some element s only have a start tag without an end tag .
Some elements actually have several ionization energies.
Some elements affect expression.
Some elements affect spatial expression.
Some elements allow the start or end tag to be omitted.
Some elements also have a small plus or minus image to their left.
Some elements also have certain attributes, which affect the behaviour of the element.
Some elements also try to aid the host by supplying useful functions like drug-resistance.
Some elements appear as just a start tag.
Some elements appear in both metallic and non-metallic forms.
Some elements appear in more than one list.
Some elements are available in the buttons window.
Some elements are capable of ionizing into multiple oxidation states.
Some elements are common to several alternatives.
Some elements are compulsory others such as catering milk, secondary school and cheese are optional.
Some elements are extremely rare.
Some elements are found in all epochs, others are common to a few epochs.
Some elements are graded and help to indicate progress in specific subject areas.
Some elements are immediately applicable to assist in reducing summerfallow acreage.
Some elements are ionic in one case and covalent in another case.
Some elements are isotopically unstable and spontaneously decay to more stable isotopes.
Some elements are level specific and others are longitudinal.
Some elements are limited.
Some elements are liquids.
Some elements are more important than others.
Some elements are more soluble in iron than in magma.
Some elements are new, so there are no edits to display.
Some elements are out-dated now, but overall the play has held up pretty well over the years.
Some elements are present in both streams.
Some elements are produced in trace amounts by the decay of other elements.
Some elements are radioactive.
Some elements are repeated, others are variations on a theme.
Some elements are so radioactive that none of their isotopes have ever been found naturally.
Some elements are subject to the completion of project specific feasibility studies.
Some elements are the same.
Some elements are there in their entirety, others in outline only.
Some elements are unique to one book, some to the other, and some are common to both.
Some elements are unique to the Chinese New Year parade.
Some elements are unstable and undergo radioactive decay .
Some elements are unstable, decaying via the weak interaction into other elements.
Some elements become 'virtual' rather than 'physical'.
Some elements can appear in a variety of solid states.
Some elements can combine in two or more ways by using different bonding structures.
Some elements can contain other elements.
Some elements can reconstitute the base.
Some elements combine with elements.
Some elements combine with other elements.
Some elements combine with oxygen.
Some elements come from air.
Some elements contain other elements, such as tables and selection boxes.
Some elements continue to propagate anti-Semitic slogans.
Some elements contribute primarily to aesthetics, while others impact performance.
Some elements emit light.
Some elements emit rays.
Some elements even convert from one framing format to another.
Some elements exist as two atoms on their own.
Some elements exist in pure form as polyatomic molecules.
Some elements have a valency of one, and are termed monads.
Some elements have atomic numbers.
Some elements have attributes , which provide additional information about the element.
Some elements have capability.
Some elements have cavities.
Some elements have different amounts of electrons in different atoms of the same element.
Some elements have electrons that absorb certain wavelengths or colors.
Some elements have goals.
Some elements have heat.
Some elements have kinds.
Some elements have large cavities.
Some elements have least resistance.
Some elements have links to other sites with a variety of other information on the element.
Some elements have many isomers.
Some elements have many naturally occurring isotopes.
Some elements have many stable isotopes, and some have famous unstable ones.
Some elements have new addresses.
Some elements have no end tag because they have no content.
Some elements have nuclei with differing numbers of neutrons.
Some elements have numbers.
Some elements have oxidation state and common isotope information filled in too.
Some elements have resistance.
Some elements have same atomic numbers.
Some elements have same numbers.
Some elements have shapes.
Some elements have unique atomic numbers.
Some elements involve physical activity, and others focus on creative thinking and problem-solving.
Some elements make organic products.
Some elements make products.
Some elements naturally exist as diatomic molecules.
Some elements occur in nature with only one stable isotope , such as fluorine .
Some elements occur in several distinct forms called allotropes.
Some elements probably are true.
Some elements react with an acid to produce a gas.
Some elements react with other substances.
Some elements react with oxygen.
Some elements react with substances.
Some elements require certain children or attributes.
Some elements require login.
Some elements say that the family is the cradle of evil.
Some elements seem straightforward, others appear to be subjective.
Some elements sink to cores.
Some elements spontaneously release alpha particles.
Some elements used by humans are irreplaceable.
Some elements work better than others.
Some elements work differently and therefore have specific instructions.
Elemental abundances increase in the early flare phases, by a factor of three.
Elemental aluminum can be toxic.
Elemental analysis is sufficient.
Elemental antimony is a brittle , silver-white shiny metalloid.
Elemental atoms have oxidation state of zero.
Elemental bromine combines with water to form hydrobromic acid.
Elemental bromine is a hazardous material.
Elemental bromine is a reddish brown colour and is liquid at room temperature.
Elemental bromine is a toxic substance and can cause corrosion burns when exposed to skin.
Elemental bromine is toxic and causes chemical burns on human flesh.
Elemental carbon is of very low toxicity.
Elemental carbon is pure carbon from combustion sources, including diesel particulate.
Elemental chlorine breaks up the lignin molecule by adding chlorine to the lignin.
Elemental chlorine is a pale, yellowy green gas at room temperature.
Elemental creatures help in ecology and balance of nature.
Elemental diets are expensive and they taste foul.
Elemental diets are of benefit to Crohn's patients.
Elemental distributions fall into five major categories.
Elemental fluorine is highly toxic to living organisms.
Elemental fluorine is highly toxic.
Elemental fractionation depends strongly on the temperature of the accreting material.
Elemental functions operate independently on their arguments.
Elemental helium is a colourless odourless monoatomic gas.
Elemental holmium is a relatively soft and malleable silvery-white metal .
Elemental lithium is extremely flammable.
Elemental mages are a bit slower and more power-hungry than normal mages, but much more flexible.
Elemental manganese is hard and shiny.
Elemental mapping is extended by the provision of an electron energy-filtered imaging system.
Elemental mercury can evaporate at room temperature to form a vapor.
Elemental mercury is a shiny, silver-gray metal that is a liquid at room temperature.
Elemental mercury is a shiny, silver-gray metal that is liquid at room temperature.
Elemental mercury is a volatile toxic heavy metal.
Elemental mercury is an odorless liquid metal.
Elemental mercury is an odorless, silvery liquid metal.
Elemental mercury is an odorless, silvery, mobile liquid.
Elemental mercury is excreted mainly by the kidneys.
Elemental mercury is less labile but produces a similar set of toxic manifestations.
Elemental mercury is most hazardous when inhaled.
Elemental mercury is one of the hazardous chemicals often found in laboratory sink and floor traps.
Elemental mercury is oxidized upon ingestion to ionic mercury, most likely facilitated by catalase.
Elemental mercury is volatile and exits to the atmosphere via the leaves.
Elemental mercury occurs naturally in coal.
Elemental mercury travels hundreds of kilometres and contributes to the increasing atmospheric load.
Most elemental mercury is excreted unchanged in feces.
Some elemental mercury is used mainly in scientific instruments for precision measurements.
Elemental metals are pure elements and are created by nature.
Elemental music is never only music but an integration of movement, dance and language.
Elemental notation is assumed by the program.
Elemental phosphorus is produced by an electric furnace.
Elemental phosphorus is severely toxic, the white form more so than the red form.
Elemental power is the optical power of a paraxially reversible system.
Elemental selenium is an essential nutritional element found in many plants.
Elemental selenium is relatively nontoxic and is considered to be an essential trace element.
Elemental SELFs conform to enformation shared by all of the SELFs with which they cohere.
Elemental signs are basic .
Elemental sulfur can be a good choice if it is going to be applied annually.
Elemental sulfur increases soil acidity.
Elemental sulfur is a bright yellow crystalline solid at room temperature.
Elemental sulfur is an example of a sublimate.
Elemental sulfur is available as wettable sulfur and liquid sulfur.
Elemental sulfur is converted into sulfuric acid by the activities of certain soil bacteria.
Elemental sulfur is converted to sulfuric acid by soil bacteria.
Elemental sulfur is mined at a few locations worldwide.
Elemental sulfur is non-toxic, as are most of the soluble sulfate salts, such as Epsom salts .
Elemental sulfur is one of the oldest fungicides and pesticides.
Elemental sulfur is only effective when it is in the powdered form.
Elemental sulfur is oxidized to sulfuric acid by microorganisms in the soil.
Elemental sulfur is reclaimed and sold as a by-product.
Elemental sulfur is recovered, but the associated hydrogen is burned.
Elemental sulfur is required for growth and is reduced to hydrogen sulfide.
Elemental sulfur is used mainly as a precursor to other chemicals.
Elemental sulfur stimulates growth by removing the waste product, hydrogen.
Elemental sulfur works best, and a granular product is easy to apply.
Elemental sulphur is oxidized into sulfuric acid by soil bacteria.
Elemental sulphur is relatively harmless, but is very toxic to many bacteria and fungi.
Elemental sulphur is used to make sulfuric acid, fungicide, matches and insecticide.
Elemental technetium is produced from ammonium pertechnetate.
Elemental weight refers to the actual weight of the available mineral.
Elemental words are often expressible in more than one way.
Elementary activities involve students of all grade levels.
Elementary age is a crisis time for developing a positive self-image.
Elementary algebra is a course for students with little or no previous algebra background.
Some elementary algebra is used.
Elementary backstroke is introduced.
Elementary bodies are tiny, round structures released when an infected host cell lyses.
Elementary bodies attach and are internalized by susceptible host cells.
Elementary body allows agent to exist outside of cell for a short period of time.
Elementary calculus is considered in Real functions .
Elementary calculus is enough to find the solutions as shown here .
Elementary calculus is used.
Some elementary calculus is used to invert the power series expressing the transformation.
All elementary campuses follow a common curriculum.
All elementary centers follow a traditional program of study stressing the basics of education.
Elementary certification includes kindergarten through grade nine.
Elementary children earn Bible and activity awards during club.
Elementary children enjoy a day learning our heritage through a variety of music and stories.
Elementary children have a different schedule than older brothers and sisters.
Elementary children have a special program once a month.
Elementary children have fewer problems than do high school students.
Elementary children have several options from which to choose.
Elementary children know their grammar rules better than most of our high school students.
Elementary children welcome.
Elementary classes are self-contained and offer specialized academic instruction.
Elementary classes are still in session.
Elementary classes do encourage some work at home for some lessons.
Elementary classes extend beyond the immediate classroom.
Elementary classes have a regularly scheduled library period once a week.
Elementary classes participate in community projects, service outreaches, and field trips.
Elementary classes take turns planning a liturgy and leading the school in prayer and celebration.
Many elementary classes create original musical reviews and music concerts.
Elementary classrooms are self-contained and opportunities for team teaching are available.
Elementary classrooms average below twenty and secondary classrooms average in the low twenties.
Elementary cleanliness is common knowledge.
Elementary commands consist of either expressions or assignments .
All elementary computers have high speed ready access to the Internet for learning.
Elementary concepts have no links to concretes.
Elementary content is basic.
Elementary counselors advocate for children.
Elementary counselors focus on help students.
Elementary counselors focus on students.
Elementary counselors work to help all children succeed in school.
Most elementary counselors focus on help students.
Most elementary counselors focus on students.
Elementary courses have the academic phase in two summers with the practicum in between.
Elementary courses offer, Defensive riding techniques.
Elementary courses take about half a year.
Most elementary curriculum includes lessons on the moon and the tides.
Elementary education can meet a required concentration in English on weekends.
Elementary education has a multi-media portfolio in development.
Elementary education is by far the largest field.
Elementary education is compulsory and free.
Elementary education is compulsory.
Elementary education is education
Elementary education is education.
Elementary education is free and compulsory.
Elementary education is in a crisis, and that is a federal issue.
Elementary education is ranked second, while secondary education is ranked third.
Elementary education is so important.
Elementary education lasts for nine years.
Elementary education takes eight years.
Elementary educators prepare to teach art history.
Elementary enrollment includes some nursery school pupils.
Elementary enrollments are negligible for other ages.
Elementary enrollments are negligible for the remaining ages.
Elementary exercises involve drawing geometric shapes.
Elementary fermions are grouped into three generations , each comprising two leptons and two quarks.
Elementary fibers are the basic building blocks of trees and many plants.
Elementary fibres are the basic building blocks of trees and many plants.
All elementary fields are available, as well as the entire contents of MUs, PEs and MUs within PEs.
Elementary functions count one if real and more if complex.
Elementary grades emphasize basic skills in reading, writing, and mathematics.
Elementary grades remain in their respective town locations.
Elementary grades schedule a weekly visit.
Elementary guidance is provided through shared services of an elementary counselor.
Elementary hygiene is required when handling livestock manure.
Elementary justice demands it.
Elementary kids are most interested in reptiles.
Elementary kids learn by doing.
Elementary level covers water, energy and matter and atoms and molecules.
Elementary librarians see every class on every campus on a regularly scheduled basis.
Elementary library has a new media center.
Elementary library is painted.
Elementary Links Find educational links for various subjects areas.
Elementary logic prohibits it, and experience has proven it over and over.
Elementary math is a fundamental base to the middle grade math, high school and college math.
Some elementary math is used to illustrate the magnitude of the concepts under discussion.
Elementary mathematics is one of the most characteristic creations of modern thought.
Elementary measures are e.g. length, time, and weight.
Some elementary observations are in order.
An elementary particle is a particle
Elementary particles appear as quantized oscillations of very small strings.
Elementary particles are part of atoms.
Elementary particles are particles.
Elementary particles carry electricity.
Elementary particles have charge.
Elementary particles have mass.
Elementary particles have no color.
Elementary particles have properties.
Elementary particles possess an intrinsic quantum mechanical property known as spin .
All elementary particles are either fermions or bosons.
All elementary particles are either matter particles or force-carrying particles.
Every elementary particle is either a fermion or a boson .
Every elementary particle is either a fermion or a boson.
Most elementary particles carry electricity.
Most elementary particles have mass.
Most elementary particles have properties.
Elementary postings are first because their internal posting numbers start with E .
Elementary principals have further information and request forms for choice enrollment.
Elementary probability is covered.
Elementary problem solving is included.
Elementary registration begins next week.
Elementary reports can include up to two comments for each class.
Elementary schedules vary and are available from the schools.
Elementary school counselors focus on help students.
Elementary school counselors focus on students.
Elementary school teachers introduce ideas.
An elementary school is a school
Elementary school aged kids are awesome.
Elementary school includes kindergarten through fifth grade.
Elementary school is a critical time for students to form opinions about science.
Elementary school is a fairly basic concept and is an easy one to understand.
Elementary school is an important time in a child's life.
Elementary school is compulsory.
Elementary school is defined as a school which serves grades kindergarten through six.
Elementary school is just past the light on the left.
Elementary school is the most important.
Elementary school is when they are really forming their sense of themselves relative to others.
Elementary school lasts eight years.
Elementary school participate in a competitive grant process to become an enrollment school.
Elementary school starts at the age of seven and lasts at least eight, but usually nine years.
Elementary schools are academies.
Elementary schools are in almost every neighborhood.
Elementary schools are in bold face .
Elementary schools are in much better shape.
Elementary schools are just a short walk away for the kids.
Elementary schools are nearby.
Elementary schools are open before and after school offering enriching programs and excellent care.
Elementary schools are schools.
Elementary schools are to establish partnerships with other agencies.
Elementary schools are used for youngsters.
Elementary schools bus their classes to the shop at their scheduled time.
Elementary schools can apply now to participate as a pilot school.
Elementary schools can request for programs to be taped.
Elementary schools consist of students.
Elementary schools contain computer labs which are used in a variety of ways.
Elementary schools do a variety of different activities in conjunction with business partners.
Elementary schools emphasize hands-on experience in all disciplines.
Elementary schools feed middle schools within the zone and middle schools feed the high schools.
Elementary schools have amenities such as courtyards with ponds and even a butterfly garden.
Elementary schools have seven grades and high schools last around three to five years.
Elementary schools have the choice to introduce alternative programs.
Elementary schools operate on a five-day cycle.
Elementary schools participate in a month long penny drive.
Elementary schools provide a broad foundation for future learning.
Elementary schools provide curriculums that emphasize the development of basic skills.
Elementary schools seek grants for hardware and software.
Elementary schools serve students in kindergarten through six.
Elementary schools using Internet are at different levels in their networking skills.
All elementary schools are equipped, staffed, and supplied in direct proportion to enrollment.
All elementary schools are state accredited.
All elementary schools encourage families to get involved.
All elementary schools follow a common curriculum skill sequence.
All elementary schools have a parent activity committee.
All elementary schools have counselors.
All elementary schools have full-day kindergarten classes.
All elementary schools have full-day kindergarten.
All elementary schools have library programs closely integrated with classrooms.
All elementary schools have resource teachers.
All elementary schools have science labs where students can do hands-on work.
All elementary schools have the services of guidance counselors and school nurses.
All elementary schools have their own labs with current equipment and software in place.
All elementary schools offer a program in French, Spanish or Japanese.
All elementary schools offer a program in French, Spanish, or Japanese.
All elementary schools offer speech and specific learning disability programs.
All elementary schools offer the same curriculum.
All elementary schools provide the services of a speech therapist, counselor, and a nurse.
All elementary schools receive part-time nursing services.
All elementary schools welcome volunteers of all ages to work with students.
Every elementary school has a full time resource center program.
Every elementary school has at least one guidance counselor and a school nurse.
Every elementary school has at least one guidance counselor.
Every elementary school has at least one partner and many have multiple partners.
Every elementary school has at least one school counselor.
Every elementary school serves breakfast for, at most, a moderate cost.
Many elementary schools are already back in session.
Many elementary schools have a computer laboratory equipped with a class-set of computers.
Many elementary schools have pre-enrollment activities planned.
Many elementary schools have waiting lists too.
Many elementary schools hold special classes once a week for qualified gifted children.
Many elementary schools offer foreign languages as extracurricular activities at parents' expense.
Many elementary schools use plastic recorders to teach music to children.
Many elementary schools work on the grade-level team concept.
Most elementary schools are organized aroudn self-contained classrooms.
Most elementary schools consist of students.
Most elementary schools develop mission statements that serve as guides for site-based planning.
Most elementary schools have after-school care programs located at the school.
Most elementary schools have minimum days before parent conferences.
Most elementary schools have parent support organizations.
Most elementary schools organize their classrooms in such a manner.
Some elementary schools bring as many as one adult for every three or four students.
Some elementary schools have a separate teacher for each subject.
Some elementary schools have parent pick-up day for report cards.
Some elementary schools offer after-school activities as well.
Elementary science is available from kindergarten to fifth grade and is organized by grade level.
Elementary science is primarily a hands-on approach.
Elementary science is too often a textbook topic.
Elementary species have unit characters which are indivisible and distinct in inheritance.
Elementary statistics is begun with the study of the mean, median, mode and range of sets of data.
Elementary statistics is recommended.
Every elementary step has a transition state.
Most elementary steps involve a bimolecular collision between reactant molecules.
Elementary students apply developmental principles to similar areas.
Elementary students are also involved in two musicals through the school year.
Elementary students are just as impatient as their busy parents.
Elementary students are quick.
Elementary students begin constructing and solving open sentences.
Elementary students begin work to meet benchmarks in kindergarten.
Elementary students benefit from small class sizes and academic support services.
Elementary students bring their own snack for the day.
Elementary students can also benefit from environmental problem-solving.
Elementary students can design multimedia programs based on their creative or informational writing.
Elementary students can download coloring books, and high school students can access craft.
Elementary students can participate in a five-week summer enrichment program.
Elementary students can use basic math and business skills to compete with other students.
Elementary students choose an athlete to correspond with.
Elementary Students Consider additional ways for teachers to engage children in the classroom.
Elementary Students Continue to integrate computers into the learning process.
Elementary students eat lunch in the cafeteria, with a different time schedule.
Elementary students enjoy a hands-on lesson about the music of other cultures.
Elementary students enjoy a special ICN session.
Elementary students enjoy skiing, skating, and swimming offered as winter programs.
Elementary students enter at lower doors, directly below main entrance.
Elementary students find a content resource.
Elementary students get a hands-on experience of the past.
Elementary students go to each class once a week for an hour to an hour and a half.
Elementary students have a great time together in their age-appropriate Bible classes.
Elementary students have a natural curiosity.
Elementary students have access to computers in their classrooms.
Elementary students have access to three to six computers in every classroom.
Elementary students have art once a week.
Elementary students have much shorter attention spans than high schoolers or college students do.
Elementary students have the opportunity for weekly music class and piano lessons.
Elementary students have too many choices and waste food.
Elementary students like to color the comics.
Elementary students line up according to their lunch choice for the day.
Elementary students make the morning announcements over the P.A. system.
Elementary students make up their own stories and illustrations.
Elementary students meet once a week for a forty-five minute period of instruction.
Elementary students participate in different experiments set up by teachers in the classrooms.
Elementary students participate in Spanish, art, music and physical education.
Elementary students prepare a display table and backdrop to accompany a five-minute presentation.
Elementary students publish Web-sites.
Elementary students purchase lunch tickets.
Elementary students receive grades every six-weeks.
Elementary students receive instruction in special day and cluster group classes.
Elementary students receive instruction in the classroom after teachers have been trained.
Elementary students receive services in whole and small group settings.
Elementary students report higher percentages of use for hands-on activities across the board.
Elementary students respond .
Elementary students respond enthusiastically to tongue twisters.
Elementary students see contents and prepare a new capsule.
Elementary students start full-time the first day of school.
Elementary students study things like writing, reading, measurement, and computers.
Elementary students tend to use a limited vocabulary.
Elementary students videotape each presentation for later viewing at the evening reception.
Elementary students work on assignments provided by their home campus teacher.
All elementary students are to report to class that day.
All elementary students receive weekly instruction in both music and art.
All elementary students welcome.
Every elementary student is weighed, measured and has a vision screening once a year.
Many elementary students use the Internet to find pictures to illustrate their writing projects.
Most elementary students have no previous knowledge about the constitution.
Some elementary students have concepts.
Some elementary students have grasp concepts.
Elementary teachers are committed to working with parents to help their children succeed.
Elementary teachers can also find it helpful.
Elementary teachers can choose any class.
Elementary teachers have a huge and enormously complex job.
Elementary teachers have an additional four days to plan within their contract.
Elementary teachers have limited contact with content area experts.
Elementary teachers have little science background and are insecure about their content knowledge.
Elementary teachers have their community at their ftnger tips.
Elementary teachers have virtually none.
Elementary teachers introduce children to numbers, language, science, and social studies.
Elementary teachers introduce ideas.
Elementary teachers like to use math games in the classroom.
Elementary teachers meet the regular certification standards of the state or the equivalent.
Elementary teachers praise the program, noting dramatic changes in the students' outlooks.
Elementary teachers use instructional strategies to excite, motivate and challenge all students.
Elementary teachers view site first before use.
Elementary teachers wish parents and students the very best for the new school year.
Every elementary teacher can use current and local events to develop social studies understandings.
Many elementary teachers have little knowledge in science.
Most elementary teachers are mothers and fathers with families of their own.
Most elementary teachers have one grade of children and teach several subjects.
Most elementary teachers introduce ideas.
Some elementary teachers are less comfortable with the teaching of math and science.
Many elementary textbooks make claims about transitional fossils proving evolution.
Elementary theories provide insight.
Elementary theories provide new insight.
Elementary theories provide subtle insight.
Most elementary theories provide insight.
Most elementary theories provide new insight.
Most elementary theories provide subtle insight.
Elementary time is given by the quotient between elementary length and the velocity of light.
Elementary trigonometry shows the half-angle of the secant cone is the mean of the two latitudes.
Elementary version is on the web.
Some elementary works do recognise that the principle is problematic.
Elenolic acid has a very wide anti-viral spectrum.
Elenolic acid is very virucidal.
Elephant babies have unusually long gestation periods.
Some elephant babies do survive.
Elephant birds eat baobab fruit.
Elephant birds eat fruit.
Elephant birds have beaks.
Elephant birds have powerful beaks.
Most elephant birds eat baobab fruit.
Most elephant birds eat fruit.
Most elephant birds have beaks.
Most elephant birds have powerful beaks.
Most elephant births are singular.
Elephant brains are three times human size.
Elephant bull have their own social system with a dominant bull who does most of the mating.
Elephant calves play as an important part of their development.
Elephant calves suckle for about two years after which they eat solid food.
Elephant calves weigh pounds.
Most elephant calves weigh pounds.
Elephant colors are approximately as shown.
Elephant conservation is a complex and difficult undertaking.
Elephant damage is a significant factor in crop loss in many parts of the district.
Elephant dung is a natural, non-polluting mosquito repellent.
Elephant dung makes for excellent compost.
An elephant ear is an aroid
Elephant ears are another plant that have just begun to be recognized as potentially hardy.
Elephant ears contain minute, sharp crystal bundles of calcium oxalate.
Elephant females guard the young.
Elephant feet are large and round.
Elephant garlic grows well in vegetable or flower gardens, so try a few.
Elephant garlic has a much milder flavor than the regular garlic most commonly sold in markets.
Elephant garlic is a member of the leek family.
Elephant garlic is actually a member of the leek family and thus, has a much milder taste.
Elephant garlic is often more than twice the size of the largest real garlic.
Elephant garlic is related to leeks.
Elephant grass is tall grass that comes from Africa.
Elephant graveyards seem to be a myth.
Elephant groups are also highly interlaced.
Many elephant handlers are ex-carnival hands who have had no experience with animals.
Elephant helpers pick a variety of fruits for the elephants.
Elephant herds are lead by a mature female.
Elephant herds merge and separate according to the seasons.
Most elephant herds are matriarchal groups.
All elephant items meet regs.
Elephant ivory continues to accumulate in most range states for a variety of reasons.
Elephant ivory is a unique mixture of dentine, cartilaginous material and calcium salts.
Elephant ivory is coveted by humans.
Elephant ivory is the easiest ivory to work on with the least likelihood of hidden flaws.
Elephant kindergarten lasts a month, with students learning one command every two days.
Elephant leather has a distinctive pattern - similar to human skin.
Elephant legs are proportionally much thicker than gazelles' legs.
Elephant matriarchs lead the herd while adult males wander off to attend to their own concerns.
Elephant matriarchs tell friend from foe.
Elephant mothers are great care givers.
Elephant odor is concentrated at water holes, places of high food density, and along routes.
Elephant odor is concentrated at water holes, places ofhigh food density, and along routes.
Elephant Pants click on images for larger view.
Elephant populations are far higher here than in Africa's celebrated savannas.
Elephant proof enclosures cost millions of dollars.
Elephant races are the biggest festival to take place in the middle highlands.
Elephant ride is arranged for viewing of wild life preferably at dawn.
Elephant ride is available.
Elephant safari is a good way of exploring the jungle and viewing wildlife.
Elephant safari is also available in the park.
Elephant safaris are also avaliable in the park.
Elephant seal bulls have big noses.
Elephant seal bulls have noses.
Elephant seal pups survive to maturity.
Elephant seal pups survive to reproductive maturity.
An elephant seal is a seal
Elephant seal breeding season continues.
Elephant seals are a good case in point.
Elephant seals are able to metabolize blubber, providing energy.
Elephant seals are alpha predators in the sea.
Elephant seals are among the deepest diving marine mammals.
Elephant seals are big and cumbersome on land, but they are superb swimmers and divers.
Elephant seals are capable of diving to depths of nearly a mile.
Elephant seals are dangerous wild animals.
Elephant seals are fiercely territorial.
Elephant seals are incredible swimmers.
Elephant seals are mammals.
Elephant seals are prey for killer whales and white sharks .
Elephant seals are remarkable beasts.
Elephant seals are sexually dimorphic, that is the males are much larger than the females.
Elephant seals are the most sexually dimorphic of all mammals.
Elephant seals bash each other bloody.
Elephant seals can dive a mile deep.
Elephant seals can dive to depths of al- most a mile without getting the bends.
Elephant seals carry diseases that can be picked up by dogs and people.
Elephant seals communicate though various means.
Elephant seals cruise the whole ocean and can swim enormous distances.
Elephant seals eat squid and fish and can navigate very accurately.
Elephant seals eat squid, octopus, fish and sometimes even small sharks.
Elephant seals feed on fish and on squid or other cephalopods.
Elephant seals feed on fish and squid, and are capable of diving to great depths.
Elephant seals flip sand on their bodies to cool themselves.
Elephant seals get their name from the males who have a trunk-like nose when adult.
Elephant seals live most of their lives on the open ocean often feeding on deepwater squid.
Elephant seals migrate in search of food, spending months at sea and often diving deep to forage.
Elephant seals run on accurate biological clocks.
Elephant shrews are diurnal and sleep at night in nests on the forest floor.
Elephant shrews are insectivorous and do most of their foraging at night.
Elephant shrews are mammals.
Elephant shrews are more like their mammoth cousins than shrews.
Elephant shrews are small mammals that have a long nose and feed on insects.
Elephant shrews are terrestrial and are active during the day.
Elephant shrews are very active animals and are always out hunting for food during the day.
Elephant shrews eat crickets.
Elephant shrews have feet.
Elephant shrews make a variety of sounds.
Elephant shrews vary in color.
Elephant shrews vary in size.
All elephant shrews are semi-digitigrade.
Most elephant shrews have feet.
Most elephant shrews vary in color.
Most elephant shrews vary in size.
Some elephant shrews have faint rings.
Some elephant shrews have rings.
Some elephant shrews share common ancestry.
Elephant society is matriarchal, and is organized around a stable family unit.
Elephant society is matriarchal.
Elephant steak is sold in the region's most up-market supermarket chain.
All Elephant tokens have an obverse depicting a large tusked elephant.
Some elephant trainers recognize voices.
Elephant transport is available within the park.
Elephant trunks can get very heavy.
Elephant tusks are very elongated incisor teeth.
Elephant tusks grow continually and absorb carbon and nitrogen isotopes from food.
Elephant tusks grow throughout life.
Elephant tusks grow throughout lifetimes.
Elephant Tusks symbolize wisdom, strength, moderation and eternity.
Most elephant tusks grow throughout life.
Most elephant tusks grow throughout lifetimes.
Elephant worship plays a part in several Oriental religions.
An elephant is a pachyderm
Elephant allows users to rollback a directory or file to any point in the past.
Elephant communicate with each other by using a language.
Elephant is afraid of mouse.
Elephant is nice animals and A baby elephant is called a calf.
Elephant is the easiest to distinguish for the novice.
Elephant isa mammal.
Elephant isa pachyderm.
Elephant make up the largest proportion of the biomass.
Elephant pheromones Even large animals can make use of pheromones.
Elephant represents gentle strength, loyalty and love of family, partners and friends.
Elephant ride up to the gates included.
Elephant rides to view the wildlife are most popular.
Elephant rides, if available.
Elephant rides, the animal kingdom show, and lion feedings are favourite attractions with visitors.
Elephant seals around southern Vancouver Island.
Elephants abound in northern Botswana.
Elephants act as 'nature's gardeners', dispersing undigested plant seeds through their dung.
Elephants also cool themselves by spraying themselves with water. .
Elephants also engage in audible communication when it's time to mate.
Elephants also have certain rules.
Elephants also have enormous ears which they use as cooling devices.
Elephants also have four molars, one on the top and one on the bottom on both sides of the mouth.
Elephants also have huge ears which they stretch out to keep cool.
Elephants also have other, lesser known distinguishing characteristics.
Elephants also have tusks .
Elephants also have tusks.
Elephants also kill pups when fighting either other for female.
Elephants also live here, happy with the easily accessible ponds on the side of the river.
Elephants also live in the desert.
Elephants also love water and, when they can, bathe every day.
Elephants also possess one of the most well developed senses of smell in the animal kingdom.
Elephants also seem to enjoy life, and a scene depicting a mud bath is a delight.
Elephants also show interest in the bones of their dead.
Elephants also throw mud and water on themselves to cool off.
Elephants also use a broad range of sounds to communicate.
Elephants also use chemical cues to detect coded messages.
Elephants also use it for feeding and for friendly wrestling matches with other elephants.
Elephants also use their trunk as a snorkel when crossing deep rivers.
Elephants also use their trunks for drinking water, bathing, and eating and communicating.
Elephants also use their tusks for digging.
Elephants amble through the dense forest while white-handed gibbons swing from branch to branch.
Elephants appear during the monsoon with the availability of water.
Elephants appear in Africa.
Elephants appear in east Africa, while more pastoral creatures appear in the Cape.
Elephants appear in groups.
Elephants appear in habitats.
Elephants appear to be truly devoted to their comrades.
Elephants appear to experience grief and spend time with the remains of dead kin.
Elephants appear to feel grief, while dolphins and whales express joy, or something much like it.
Elephants appear to make allowances for other members of their herd.
Elephants appear to use seismics for a number of purposes.
Elephants are a feasible unit to take advantage of also.
Elephants are a group of mammals.
Elephants are a huge part of popular culture and show up as metaphors across all media.
Elephants are a keystone species in East Africa.
Elephants are a keystone species.
Elephants are a major concern for villagers wherever they coexist with humans.
Elephants are a useful indicator species, as they have a relatively low reproduction rate.
Elephants are able to communicate over miles and miles of territory infrasonically.
Elephants are able to distinguish low amplitude sounds.
Elephants are adaptable and can live in a variety of environments.
Elephants are almost extinct in India.
Elephants are already over hunted for their tusks.
Elephants are also capable of swimming, even in deep waters.
Elephants are also well-known for their gentleness.
Elephants are amazing animals to see in their own environment.
Elephants are amazing animals.
Elephants are amazingly strong and can hold or pull a lot of mass altogether.
Elephants are among the few species known to use tools.
Elephants are among the most popular animals in Zoos, but also the most criticized.
Elephants are among the most visited animals in zoos nationally.
Elephants are animals.
Elephants are are E and Mad Elephants are M .
Elephants are beautiful, majestic, respected creatures or tall and proud stature.
Elephants are big and strong and tough and are sometimes enraged by the very scent of man.
Elephants are big animals with long noses called trunks.
Elephants are big.
Elephants are bigger than cats.
Elephants are bigger than lions, and elephants are bigger than chickens.
Elephants are buoyant and come with built-in snorkels.
Elephants are capable of breathes.
Elephants are capable of consuming fibrous vegetation.
Elephants are capable of doing very hard work.
Elephants are capable of swimming twenty miles a day.
Elephants are capable of vocal learning.
Elephants are capable swimmers.
Elephants are charismatic creatures.
Elephants are clean animals.
Elephants are complete hedonists.
Elephants are complex, highly intelligent social mammals.
Elephants are considered endangered species.
Elephants are considered one of the most intelligent of all land animals.
Elephants are considered to be keystone species due to the impact they have on their environments.
Elephants are crepuscular .
Elephants are diurnal, or active during the day.
Elephants are dominant in regions where they live.
Elephants are easy targets for poachers, sharpshooters, tusk collectors, and trophy hunters.
Elephants are emblems.
Elephants are entirely vegetarian.
Elephants are especially protective of their young.
Elephants are essential to the survival of many other less well equipped animals.
Elephants are eukaryotes, because they are multicellular and their organelles are membrane bound.
Elephants are excellent swimmers.
Elephants are exclusively herbivorous and they feel home in savanna, forests, and semi-deserts.
Elephants are extremely intelligent animals and have memories that span many years.
Elephants are fond of lotus flower.
Elephants are found in large numbers in Africa and South Asia.
Elephants are generally quiet animals but their trumpeting can be heard many kilometers away.
Elephants are generally too valuable to be used there.
Elephants are grayish to brown in colour, and their body hair is sparse and coarse.
Elephants are gregarious and keenly sensitive to one another's calls and movements.
Elephants are gregarious and social creatures.
Elephants are herbivores , and eat grass, foliage, fruit, branches, and twigs.
Elephants are herbivores eating grasses, shrubs, flowers, fruits, and bark.
Elephants are herbivores, and are primarily browsers rather than grazers.
Elephants are herbivores, or plant-eaters.
Elephants are herbivores, which means they feed on plants.
Elephants are herbivorous, eating roots, grasses, leaves, fruit, and bark.
Elephants are herd animals with a dominant female.
Elephants are highly intelligent creatures with very large and complexly organized brains.
Elephants are highly intelligent.
Elephants are highly social animals living in large family groups.
Elephants are highly social heard animals.
Elephants are huge, fascinating creatures.
Elephants are huge.
Elephants are important in Asian folklore and religion.
Elephants are intelligent, and emotional animals.
Elephants are intelligent, highly gregarious, and protective toward one another.
Elephants are killed by animals.
Elephants are known as pachyderms along with hippos and rhinos.
Elephants are known for their majestic size and resilience, but also for their long lives.
Elephants are known to be right or left tusked.
Elephants are known to form very strong emotional bonds.
Elephants are known to mourn for days near the body of one of their herd when it dies.
Elephants are known to tear down trees and feed on their leaves , making trees even more scarce .
Elephants are known to tear down trees and feed on their leaves, making trees even more scarce.
Elephants are large animals because they a. have bigger cells.
Elephants are large organizations that have major operations in a country.
Elephants are larger and more dangerous than rhinos.
Elephants are located in Africa.
Elephants are located in circus.
Elephants are located in ecosystems.
Elephants are located in habitats.
Elephants are located in zoos.
Elephants are located on ground.
Elephants are mammals, so they reproduce via sexual reproduction.
Elephants are mammals.
Elephants are massive creatures.
Elephants are matriarchal.
Elephants are messy.
Elephants are natural candidates for music-making.
Elephants are normally mixed feeders as they feed on many different plants.
Elephants are one of the best-known animals in the world.
Elephants are one of the largest living land mammals.
Elephants are only about the size of mice but they breathe very heavily.
Elephants are our legacy.
Elephants are our paradigms.
Elephants are pachyderms, which means thick-skinned.
Elephants are pack animals.
Elephants are part of the growing bush meat trade.
Elephants are passive creatures.
Elephants are peaceful herbivores when they're left alone.
Elephants are pink.
Elephants are placental mammals.
Elephants are plant-eaters.
Elephants are powerful symbols in their culture.
Elephants are pregnant for two years.
Elephants are pretty much hairless except for scattered long, stiff hairs and a long tail tuft.
Elephants are primarily dry land creatures.
Elephants are prone to painful lameness from osteomyelitis because of their tremendous weight.
Elephants are quite dangerous during the mating season, and rhinoceros have little fear of anything.
Elephants are rare.
Elephants are related to sea cows , which are large aquatic mammals .
Elephants are related to sea cows, which are large aquatic mammals.
Elephants are scared of a mouse.
Elephants are shot for their tusks, which are used to make ivory jewelry and trinkets.
Elephants are social animals with strong family ties.
Elephants are some of the largest creatures in the world.
Elephants are some of the most intelligent animals on Earth.
Elephants are still in abundance along with large herbs of kudu and many birds of prey.
Elephants are strictly vegetarians.
Elephants are strong, social, and intelligent.
Elephants are stronger.
Elephants are such heavy animals that they can easily sustain serious fractures if they fall.
Elephants are the biggest and strongest animals that live on land, but they are very gentle.
Elephants are the center of the conservation dispute in Kenya.
Elephants are the country's national symbol.
Elephants are the ideal mobile viewing platform in the tall grass found in many parks.
Elephants are the keystone species that maintain the entire savanna ecosystem.
Elephants are the largest animals on land.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
Elephants are the largest land animals in the world.
Elephants are the largest land animals on earth.
Elephants are the largest land animals.
Elephants are the largest land mammal yet their closest living cousin is the diminutive rock hyrax .
Elephants are the largest land mammals in the world.
Elephants are the largest land mammals on earth.
Elephants are the largest land-dwelling animals.
Elephants are the largest living land animals.
Elephants are the largest living land mammals.
Elephants are the largest of all land animals in the world.
Elephants are the largest of all landroving animals.
Elephants are the largest terrestrial mammals.
Elephants are the most romantic among all the animals.
Elephants are the only animal that have a trunk for a nose.
Elephants are the problem animal of the continent.
Elephants are the very symbol of Thailand.
Elephants are totally herbivorous, eating grasses, leaves, and the bark of trees.
Elephants are unbelievably strong.
Elephants are usually among the top attractions at zoos.
Elephants are usually docile creatures and kept in line by the dominant adult bull elephant.
Elephants are vegetarians, feeding on grass, foilage, fruit, branches and twigs.
Elephants are vegetarians.
Elephants are very gentle in nature, and they have a strong devotion to family.
Elephants are very inquisitive creatures.
Elephants are very intelligent and highly social animals.
Elephants are very massive, since they contain a lot of stuff.
Elephants are very protective of their young.
Elephants are very sensitive and have a strong sense of smell.
Elephants are very smart.
Elephants are very social animals.
Elephants are very social, frequently touching and caressing one another and entwining their trunks.
Elephants are very social, with strong family ties.
Elephants are very strong, caring animals.
Elephants are very tactile in nature.
Elephants are vital to the web of life in Africa.
Elephants are wild animals.
Elephants are wonderful animals and they are very smart.
Elephants are wonderful swimmers.
Elephants are wrinkly, bears are fuzzy and alligators are bumpy through the eyes of children.
Elephants attain maturity.
Elephants attract tourists.
Elephants avoid people.
Elephants begin getting their tusks at around six months of age.
Elephants begin mating at the age of twenty.
Elephants believe in blowing their own trumpet.
Elephants belong in the wild, or at least in the forests.
Elephants block traffic and are occasionally hit by cars.
Elephants boast the largest nose in the world, which is actually part nose and part upper lip.
Elephants breathe through mouths.
Elephants breathe through their trunk.
Elephants breathe through two nostrils at the end of their trunk, which is an extension of the nose.
Elephants breathe through two nostrils at the end of their trunk.
Elephants breed at any time of the year, but most matings and births occur during rainy seasons.
Elephants can adapt to many different habitats.
Elephants can also lose heat through their behavior.
Elephants can also move very fast.
Elephants can also use their ears like a fan.
Elephants can and do coordinate their activities over incredible distances.
Elephants can be pregnant for as long as two years.
Elephants can be quite destructive when they want to be.
Elephants can be unpredictable, especially if faced with the unfamiliar.
Elephants can breathe through their trunks.
Elephants can cause great damage to crops, and they occasionally kill people.
Elephants can cause great damage to plantations.
Elephants can collect water from the bottom of a deep well just like village women do.
Elephants can convert a dense woodland into an open grassland in a short period of time.
Elephants can detect normal odors, but also other elephants' hormones, at great distances.
Elephants can detect scents from long distances, up to several kilometres.
Elephants can dissipate heat from their large, thin ears.
Elephants can have a negative impact on ecosystems.
Elephants can have babies.
Elephants can hear low notes Elephants can hear frequencies much lower than the range of humans.
Elephants can paint.
Elephants can produce infrasound.
Elephants Can Remember.
Elephants can represent the efforts of human beings, or they can represent the animal itself.
Elephants can sort their friends from strangers by identifying so-called contact calls.
Elephants can suck up water both to drink and to spray on their bodies.
Elephants can suffer from cardiovascular problems as well as arthritis.
Elephants can support other elephants as overlaps.
Elephants can sustain injuries related to giving rides, or going on treks, with tourists.
Elephants can swim under water because they use their trunks as a snorkel.
Elephants can t jump.
Elephants can uncork champagne bottles with their trunks.
Elephants can walk in areas where machines are unable to navigate.
Elephants can walk or swim with their heads under water and breathe through their trunks.
Elephants can wash themselves with their trumps just like humans do with their hands.
Elephants caress each other with their trunks.
Elephants carry babies.
Elephants carry each other.
Elephants carry fetuses.
Elephants carry huge logs from the jungle.
Elephants carry ivory.
Elephants carry load.
Elephants carry massive load.
Elephants carry their spiritual passengers while many others arrive on foot or by bicycle.
Elephants carry tourists.
Elephants cause the most destruction in the communal lands, but they also generate the most revenue.
Elephants change their dietary requirements with the change in season.
Elephants chew with a fore and aft motion of the jaw, grinding the food across the lophs.
Elephants come from Africa.
Elephants come from regions.
Elephants come in contact.
Elephants commonly feed in the morning, evening, and at night and rest during the middle of the day.
Elephants communicate in frequencies below human perception.
Elephants communicate with each other and enjoy being together.
Elephants compete for food.
Elephants consume amounts.
Elephants continuously grow throughout their lifetime.
Elephants copulate many times over a few days.
Elephants cross rivers.
Elephants cross through the gaps and trample over the plots.
Elephants crush people.
Elephants cry, play and laugh and have incredible memories.
Elephants cry, play, and laugh.
Elephants defend territory.
Elephants depend on one another for food.
Elephants depend on plants.
Elephants descend from animals.
Elephants destroy trees, and in the process change habitats and even landscapes for other species.
Elephants detect the low vibrations through their ears, feet, and trunk tip.
Elephants devour enormous amounts of vegetation and clear space for a diversity of species.
Elephants die of causes.
Elephants die of natural causes.
Elephants dig for minerals and create mud wallows that can eventually become large permanent holes.
Elephants dig for salt using their sharp tusks.
Elephants directly influence forest composition and density, and can alter the broader landscape.
Elephants do distribute marula seeds in their dung, however.
Elephants do forget .
Elephants do many things besides performing in a circus.
Elephants do tricks and play every imaginable game.
Elephants do, too, supposedly.
Elephants drink by sucking up water with the trunk and then squirting it into the mouth.
Elephants drink water.
Elephants eat a lot of food because their body is so large.
Elephants eat a very abrasive diet, and the teeth wear strongly as they move forward.
Elephants eat a wide variety of bushes shrubs and trees.
Elephants eat all kinds of vegetation, including peanuts.
Elephants eat apples.
Elephants eat apples.
Elephants eat bushes.
Elephants eat food.
Elephants eat fruit.
Elephants eat grass, bark, roots and fruit from trees.
Elephants eat grass.
Elephants eat grasses, roots, fruit and bark.
Elephants eat leaves and hay.
Elephants eat leaves, grass, twigs and small branches.
Elephants eat leaves.
Elephants eat leaves.
Elephants eat live vegetation.
Elephants eat lunch.
Elephants eat peanuts.
Elephants eat plants.
Elephants eat plants.
Elephants eat practically any vegetable matter.
Elephants eat quite a lot because of their heavy body.
Elephants eat roots, grasses, leaves, bark, bananas and sugar cane.
Elephants eat roots, grasses, leaves, fruit, and bark.
Elephants eat small trees, such as acacia , that grow on the savanna .
Elephants eat the tree bark.
Elephants engage in activities.
Elephants engage in sexual activities.
Elephants engage in solitary play as well as in group play.
Elephants enter water.
Elephants even bury their dead with twigs and leaves.
Elephants everywhere take on the color of the soil in their habitat.
Elephants exhibit incredible patience.
Elephants exist in one of the most complex societal units of any land mammal.
Elephants face hard times as food gets shorter, and many of the very young and old are dying.
Elephants fart the most.
Elephants feed in groups.
Elephants feed on fruit.
Elephants feed on leaves.
Elephants feed on plants.
Elephants feed on the giant sedges and hippo wallow in the pools.
Elephants feed on tree fruit.
Elephants feed only on vegetation as they are herbivorous.
Elephants fights instead of bull fights.
Elephants Fill in the blanks.
Elephants find it difficult to change directions due to their bulky size.
Elephants first go to a tree and then eat the leaves on the tree.
Elephants form deep family bonds and live in tight social units.
Elephants form matriarchal tribal societies and exhibit complex behavior.
Elephants gather for a chat.
Elephants get bored with that.
Elephants get six sets of teeth over their lifetime.
Elephants give birth to elephants.
Elephants give birth to offspring.
Elephants give birth to one calf every four to nine years on average.
Elephants go through six sets of teeth in a lifetime.
Elephants go to water.
Elephants graze in grass.
Elephants graze in tall reeds.
Elephants greet each other elephants with their trunks.
Elephants grieve at a loss of a stillborn baby, a family member, and in many cases other elephants.
Elephants grieve at the death of a family member or friend.
Elephants grieve the loss of their loved ones for many years.
Elephants grow ivory.
Elephants grow larger.
Elephants grow teeth.
Elephants has-part backs.
Elephants has-part bones.
Elephants has-part ears.
Elephants has-part extremities.
Elephants has-part eyes.
Elephants has-part feet.
Elephants has-part hearts.
Elephants has-part jaws.
Elephants has-part legs.
Elephants has-part molars.
Elephants has-part muscles.
Elephants has-part noses.
Elephants has-part skin.
Elephants has-part teeth.
Elephants have (part) brains.
Elephants have (part) breasts.
Elephants have (part) bridges.
Elephants have (part) cell membranes.
Elephants have (part) chest cavities.
Elephants have (part) chests.
Elephants have (part) corpi.
Elephants have (part) cuticles.
Elephants have (part) cytoplasm.
Elephants have (part) dermis.
Elephants have (part) epidermises.
Elephants have (part) faces.
Elephants have (part) freckles.
Elephants have (part) heads.
Elephants have (part) liver spots.
Elephants have (part) nostrils.
Elephants have (part) nuclei.
Elephants have (part) pedal extremities.
Elephants have (part) piluses.
Elephants have (part) plasma membranes.
Elephants have (part) pulp cavities.
Elephants have (part) rib cages.
Elephants have (part) sections.
Elephants have (part) skin cells.
Elephants have (part) skulls.
Elephants have (part) sterna.
Elephants have (part) tooth roots.
Elephants have (part) tusks.
Elephants have (part) vacuoles.
Elephants have (part) vertebrate feet.
Elephants have (part) wrinkles.
Elephants have a few rituals in regards to death and dying.
Elephants have a fission-fusion society in which multiple family groups come together to socialise.
Elephants have a hard time adapting.
Elephants have a highly developed system of communication through sounds.
Elephants have a large social structure.
Elephants have a long trunk.
Elephants have a non-ruminant digestive system similar to horses.
Elephants have a taste for alcohol.
Elephants have a trunk which is like a human hand.
Elephants have a trunk, two tusks, two eyes, two ears and two lumps on their head.
Elephants have a unique organ, the temporal gland, located in both sides of the head.
Elephants have a very long childhood.
Elephants have access to vertical pipes on walls.
Elephants have an appalling breeding record in captivity.
Elephants have big ears for the same reason.
Elephants have big ears that are used for more than just hearing.
Elephants have big feet to distribute the weight.
Elephants have brains.
Elephants have brown skin.
Elephants have canine teeth.
Elephants have curve spines.
Elephants have development.
Elephants have distinctive features.
Elephants have dozens more copies of a gene that block tumors than humans do.
Elephants have ears.
Elephants have excellent hearing and a fantastic sense of smell, but relatively poor eyesight.
Elephants have features.
Elephants have five toes on the fore feet and four on the hind feet.
Elephants have four molars, which are replaced five times, for a total of six sets in a lifetime.
Elephants have four other teeth called molars.
Elephants have gigantic appetites.
Elephants have hair.
Elephants have hoof toes.
Elephants have in their ears a network of veins that functions as a cooling system.
Elephants have keen smelling abilities, sensing water from several miles away.
Elephants have large ears that function as cooling devices.
Elephants have legs.
Elephants have long eyelashes to help avert blowing sand, dirt, and debris from the eyes.
Elephants have long memories.
Elephants have long tails.
Elephants have longer pregnancies than almost any other mammal.
Elephants have many features.
Elephants have many unique features.
Elephants have mass.
Elephants have memory.
Elephants have moderate vision.
Elephants have muscles.
Elephants have nearly a two year gestation period.
Elephants have necessary skills.
Elephants have no joints in their legs and are the natural enemy of the dragon.
Elephants have no natural predators other than man.
Elephants have no permanent homes.
Elephants have no word for love.
Elephants have noses.
Elephants have noticable features.
Elephants have only four molars in use at a time.
Elephants have only two molars in each jaw at a time.
Elephants have opposable thumbs.
Elephants have other things to do.
Elephants have outgrowths.
Elephants have peculiar structures.
Elephants have prehensile noses.
Elephants have proboscises.
Elephants have ribs.
Elephants have senses.
Elephants have several basic needs that can never be met in captivity.
Elephants have several distinctive features.
Elephants have several features.
Elephants have sharp hearing and they communicate through many different vocalizations.
Elephants have skills.
Elephants have skin.
Elephants have small eyes and a short neck.
Elephants have spines.
Elephants have strong feelings.
Elephants have strong personalities and distinct personalities.
Elephants have structures.
Elephants have such inefficient digestive systems that much food passes through undigested.
Elephants have tails.
Elephants have teeth.
Elephants have the largest brain size verses body weight other then man.
Elephants have the largest brain size versus body weight other than man.
Elephants have the longest gestation of all mammals.
Elephants have the longest pregnancy of any animal.
Elephants have toenails.
Elephants have toes.
Elephants have trunks.
Elephants have tusks and modified incisors of the upper jaw.
Elephants have tusks which have great value as ivory.
Elephants have tusks.
Elephants have unique features.
Elephants have very distinctive physical characteristics.
Elephants have very sharp memories.
Elephants have very thick, wrinkled, gray-brown skin that is almost hairless.
Elephants have very, very big hearts and they are highly emotional animals.
Elephants have weight.
Elephants hear noise.
Elephants hear sound.
Elephants help in destroying trees and make room for grassland to develop.
Elephants hold their entire weight on their toes.
Elephants impact the environment in numerous ways.
Elephants increase in size.
Elephants inhabit areas.
Elephants inhabit grassland.
Elephants inhabit open grassland.
Elephants inhabit regions.
Elephants inhabit same areas.
Elephants inhale mostly through the trunk, although some air goes through the mouth.
Elephants is a very complicated business that has grown substantially over the last twenty years.
Elephants just happen to be one of the bigger links.
Elephants keep cool by snuffing up trunks full of water and spraying themselves.
Elephants keep cool by using their huge ears like radiators in automobiles.
Elephants kill people on a constant basis.
Elephants learn by emulation, a sign of high mental capacity.
Elephants lie down when they are asleep.
Elephants lift jaws.
Elephants lift legs.
Elephants like to bathe often.
Elephants like to bathe.
Elephants like to do that.
Elephants like to eat grass, fruit and small branches.
Elephants like to work on film sets because they love to be around people.
Elephants live for years.
Elephants live in a group with the oldest and wisest female as the primary authority.
Elephants live in a herd.
Elephants live in a variety of habitats from open savannas to dense forests.
Elephants live in a very structured social order.
Elephants live in Africa.
Elephants live in areas.
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.
Elephants live in both the grasslands and the forests of Africa and Asia.
Elephants live in climates.
Elephants live in environments.
Elephants live in families.
Elephants live in forests.
Elephants live in groups.
Elephants live in habitats.
Elephants live in herds and are very protective of one another, forming close familial bonds.
Elephants live in herds.
Elephants live in herds.
Elephants live in India and in Africa.
Elephants live in loving family units.
Elephants live in natural habitats.
Elephants live in rainforests.
Elephants live in savanna.
Elephants live in small groups called clans.
Elephants live in the hot climates of Africa and Asia.
Elephants live in tightly bonded family groups in which the members are in close physical contact.
Elephants live in urban environments.
Elephants live longer in the wild.
Elephants live on Africa.
Elephants live on continents.
Elephants live on earth.
Elephants live on grass.
Elephants live on green grass.
Elephants live on ground.
Elephants live on habitats.
Elephants live on prairies.
Elephants live on vegetation.
Elephants live or are butchered for their tusks.
Elephants live there too.
Elephants living alone sometimes become dangerous and are then called rouges.
Elephants looks for authentic quality foods all year long.
Elephants love fruit.
Elephants love terrains.
Elephants love to paint because they get to do a fun activity with their mahouts.
Elephants maintain a strict social structure and adhere to formal life cycles.
Elephants make a sound, known as a trumpet, to signal excitement, aggression and distress.
Elephants make home in a variety of habitats including tropical and subtropical zones.
Elephants make low-frequency calls, many of which, though loud, are too low for humans to hear.
Elephants make regular contact with one another using their trunks.
Elephants make waste.
Elephants mature basically at the same rate as humans.
Elephants mourn death.
Elephants move diagonally two steps.
Elephants move ears.
Elephants move one or two squares diagonally.
Elephants move one square diagonally or one square straight ahead.
Elephants move up into the hills when the water holes are dry.
Elephants need food.
Elephants need mineral salt.
Elephants need protection.
Elephants need salt.
Elephants need to drink water.
Elephants Never Forget .
Elephants never forget their friends.
Elephants never forget.
Elephants never stop growing, although the rate of growth slows down in later years.
Elephants occasionally reverse out of a mass crate.
Elephants occur in Africa.
Elephants open mouths.
Elephants plant new forests when they disperse plant seeds in their dung.
Elephants play a very important role in Indian society.
Elephants play a vital role in the ecosystems they inhabit.
Elephants play an important role in the ecosystem they inhabit.
Elephants play custom-made instruments at a conservation center in northern Thailand.
Elephants play detective in the case of the missing cookies.
Elephants play in fields.
Elephants play in habitats.
Elephants play in rivers.
Elephants possess a highly developed olfactory system.
Elephants possess blood.
Elephants possess bodies.
Elephants possess bones.
Elephants possess cells.
Elephants possess chromosomes.
Elephants possess genes.
Elephants possess great strength and are intelligent and, when well treated, docile.
Elephants possess heartbeats.
Elephants possess ivory.
Elephants possess nails.
Elephants possess offspring.
Elephants possess very little hair and have the nose and upper lip prolonged into a proboscis.
Elephants possess water.
Elephants prefer clean, cool water for drinking.
Elephants prefer habitats.
Elephants prefer vegetation.
Elephants produce a huge amount of dung every day.
Elephants produce wonder and feature films.
Elephants provide a vital role in the ecosystem they inhabit.
Elephants purposely get drunk fermented fruits.
Elephants purposely get drunk on fermented fruits.
Elephants purr like cats do, as a means of communication.
Elephants push over trees as well.
Elephants reach height.
Elephants reach maturity.
Elephants reach sexual maturity.
Elephants reach stages.
Elephants react to environmental conditions and decrease mating when overpopulated.
Elephants rear on their hind limbs occasionally in the wild.
Elephants receive food.
Elephants remember and mourn loved ones, even many years after their death.
Elephants replace their teeth  six times.
Elephants replace their teeth four to six times in their lifetime.
Elephants replace their teeth six times .
Elephants replace their teeth six times.
Elephants require food.
Elephants require ground.
Elephants require litre water.
Elephants require sustenance.
Elephants require training the same way children require schooling.
Elephants require water.
Elephants resemble extinct mammals.
Elephants resemble mammals.
Elephants rise two inches when they inhale.
Elephants roam countries.
Elephants roam earth.
Elephants roam freely here and tigers are sighted frequently.
Elephants roam grassland.
Elephants roam surfaces.
Elephants roam terrains.
Elephants seek food.
Elephants seek homes.
Elephants seek mates.
Elephants seek water.
Elephants seem psychic only because they live in a world slightly askew from our own.
Elephants seem to be eating quite a bit of bark from the various acacia trees.
Elephants seem to display grief at the death of a family member.
Elephants seem to display grief at the death ofa family member.
Elephants serve as the forefront to a changing landscape.
Elephants share ancestors.
Elephants share earth.
Elephants share environments.
Elephants share pasture.
Elephants show a high level of interest in the urine of other animals.
Elephants show affection by entwining their trunks.
Elephants show an ability to manufacture and use tools with their trunk and feet.
Elephants show intake.
Elephants slap and wrestle each other with their trunks.
Elephants sleep about approximately four hours a night.
Elephants sleep standing up.
Elephants spend most of their time feeding, mainly on gras, twigs and roots.
Elephants spend much of the time eating grass and drinking water.
Elephants spend much of their waking hours looking for food and eating.
Elephants splash in the shallows.
Elephants stand on feet.
Elephants stand on hind legs.
Elephants stand on legs.
Elephants stay one more week.
Elephants still roam free in Vietnam today.
Elephants stop dutifully at the red lights and waterbuffalo meander aimlessly and fearlessly.
Elephants suck up water into their trunks and shoot it into their mouths.
Elephants suck water.
Elephants suffer from cardiovascular problems.
Elephants suffer from parasites, marginal nutrition, and wounds.
Elephants suffer from problems.
Elephants supplement the sodium in their food by visiting mineral licks.
Elephants swallow food and liquids through their mouths.
Elephants swallow food.
Elephants take in the same way as they move without taking.
Elephants take mud baths to get rid of itchy bugs.
Elephants tend to group in herds.
Elephants tend to rest and nap during the hottest hours of the day.
Elephants tend to travel in family groups made up of mostly related females.
Elephants thrive on good food, exercise, mental stimulation, and the chance to socialize.
Elephants throw sand on their backs and on their head to keep from getting sunburned.
Elephants tolerate cold better than heat because of their low surface area to body mass ratio.
Elephants top our list of the wisest non-primates.
Elephants toss dirt on themselves to cool off.
Elephants travel widely in search of food.
Elephants turn tails.
Elephants tusks never stop growing so some old bulls display enormous examples.
Elephants use ears.
Elephants use low frequency seismic and vocal sounds to do so.
Elephants use mouths.
Elephants use mud as both a sunscreen and a moisturizer.
Elephants use the trunk as a shower with various pressure settings.
Elephants use their ears as a cooling system.
Elephants use their ears for hearing, communication, and cooling.
Elephants use their large ears to cool themselves when it is very hot.
Elephants use their long trunks to eat and drink.
Elephants use their trunk much like humans use their hands.
Elephants use their trunks to spray mud and dust on their backs.
Elephants use their trunks to take up water and squirt it into their mouths.
Elephants use their tusks for a variety of tasks.
Elephants use their tusks for digging, fighting, communication and display.
Elephants use their tusks to dig for food, as well as weapons when fighting.
Elephants use their tusks to dig for water, to protect themselves and to strip bark off of trees.
Elephants use their tusks to tear bark off trees and to dig up roots and shrubs.
Elephants use trunks.
Elephants use tusks.
Elephants use water in many ways.
Elephants visit water daily to drink and bathe.
Elephants walk on feet.
Elephants walk on legs.
Elephants walk on the tips of their toes.
Elephants walk on their toes, although they appear to be flat-footed.
Elephants Walk Screen Saver Watch majestic pachyderms.
Elephants walk with slow, pondering, pounding steps, up and down hills on narrow paths.
Elephants wallow in mud.
Elephants wander widely in search of food.
Elephants want water.
Elephants wave their ears to cool themselves down.
Elephants wear ivory.
Elephants weep profusely when wounded or when they see that escape from their enemies is impossible.
Elephants weigh lbs.
Elephants weigh pounds.
Elephants weigh tonnes.
Elephants weigh tons.
Elephants work and elephants play.
Elephants wrestle each other with their trunks.
Elephants always get more attention than mice, especially in the press.
Elephants frequently die prematurely in zoos.
Elephant often wallows in the mud at day light and afternoon when it searches for food.
Elephants often communicate with their trunks.
Elephants often cool off in a pond or stream.
Elephants often effect human behavior through gesture and vocals.
Elephants often pass by sets of elephant bones, for example, but occasionally they stop.
Elephants often travel large distances in search of food.
Elephants sometimes make marks in the dirt while standing in groups and vocalizing.
Elephants sometimes push trees over in search of food and can modify habitat over large areas.
Elephants sometimes take a nap during the hottest part of the day.
Elephants usually die if their trunk is seriously injured.
Elephants usually rest during the hot hours of the day.
All elephants are well trained and under full control of experienced mahouts.
All elephants have a feeding and watering regiment twice a day for tourists to see.
All elephants have tusks, except for female Asian elephants.
All elephants reproduce sexually.
Any elephant reaches there, uproots the lotus plant and swallows it all causing death of the insect.
Every elephant is an animal.
Many elephants are killed for their tusks .
Many elephants are killed for their tusks.
Many elephants line up before the statue and the chief elephant garlands it.
Most elephants appear in Africa.
Most elephants appear in groups.
Most elephants appear in habitats.
Most elephants are a brownish-gray.
Most elephants are killed by animals.
Most elephants are located in Africa.
Most elephants are located in ecosystems.
Most elephants are located in habitats.
Most elephants are located on ground.
Most elephants attain maturity.
Most elephants attract tourists.
Most elephants avoid people.
Most elephants breathe through mouths.
Most elephants can have babies.
Most elephants carry babies.
Most elephants carry fetuses.
Most elephants carry ivory.
Most elephants carry load.
Most elephants carry massive load.
Most elephants carry tourists.
Most elephants come from Africa.
Most elephants come from regions.
Most elephants come in contact.
Most elephants compete for food.
Most elephants cross rivers.
Most elephants defend territory.
Most elephants depend on plants.
Most elephants descend from animals.
Most elephants die of causes.
Most elephants die of natural causes.
Most elephants drink water.
Most elephants eat apples.
Most elephants eat bushes.
Most elephants eat food.
Most elephants eat fruit.
Most elephants eat grass.
Most elephants eat leaves.
Most elephants eat lunch.
Most elephants eat plants.
Most elephants engage in activities.
Most elephants engage in sexual activities.
Most elephants enter water.
Most elephants feed in groups.
Most elephants feed on fruit.
Most elephants feed on leaves.
Most elephants feed on plants.
Most elephants feed on tree fruit.
Most elephants give birth to elephants.
Most elephants give birth to offspring.
Most elephants go to water.
Most elephants graze in grass.
Most elephants grow ivory.
Most elephants grow teeth.
Most elephants has-part backs.
Most elephants has-part bones.
Most elephants has-part ears.
Most elephants has-part extremities.
Most elephants has-part eyes.
Most elephants has-part feet.
Most elephants has-part hearts.
Most elephants has-part jaws.
Most elephants has-part legs.
Most elephants has-part molars.
Most elephants has-part muscles.
Most elephants has-part noses.
Most elephants has-part skin.
Most elephants has-part teeth.
Most elephants have brains.
Most elephants have brown skin.
Most elephants have curve spines.
Most elephants have development.
Most elephants have distinctive features.
Most elephants have ears.
Most elephants have features.
Most elephants have hoof toes.
Most elephants have legs.
Most elephants have long tails.
Most elephants have many features.
Most elephants have many unique features.
Most elephants have mass.
Most elephants have memory.
Most elephants have muscles.
Most elephants have necessary skills.
Most elephants have outgrowths.
Most elephants have peculiar structures.
Most elephants have proboscises.
Most elephants have ribs.
Most elephants have senses.
Most elephants have several distinctive features.
Most elephants have several features.
Most elephants have skills.
Most elephants have skin.
Most elephants have spines.
Most elephants have structures.
Most elephants have tails.
Most elephants have teeth.
Most elephants have toenails.
Most elephants have toes.
Most elephants have tusks.
Most elephants have unique features.
Most elephants have weight.
Most elephants hear noise.
Most elephants hear sound.
Most elephants inhabit areas.
Most elephants inhabit grassland.
Most elephants inhabit open grassland.
Most elephants inhabit regions.
Most elephants inhabit same areas.
Most elephants live for years.
Most elephants live in Africa.
Most elephants live in areas.
Most elephants live in climates.
Most elephants live in environments.
Most elephants live in groups.
Most elephants live in habitats.
Most elephants live in herds.
Most elephants live in natural habitats.
Most elephants live in rainforests.
Most elephants live in savanna.
Most elephants live in urban environments.
Most elephants live on Africa.
Most elephants live on continents.
Most elephants live on earth.
Most elephants live on grass.
Most elephants live on green grass.
Most elephants live on ground.
Most elephants live on habitats.
Most elephants live on vegetation.
Most elephants love fruit.
Most elephants make waste.
Most elephants mourn death.
Most elephants move ears.
Most elephants occur in Africa.
Most elephants play in fields.
Most elephants play in habitats.
Most elephants play in rivers.
Most elephants possess blood.
Most elephants possess bodies.
Most elephants possess bones.
Most elephants possess cells.
Most elephants possess chromosomes.
Most elephants possess genes.
Most elephants possess heartbeats.
Most elephants possess ivory.
Most elephants possess nails.
Most elephants possess offspring.
Most elephants possess water.
Most elephants prefer habitats.
Most elephants prefer vegetation.
Most elephants reach height.
Most elephants reach maturity.
Most elephants reach sexual maturity.
Most elephants reach stages.
Most elephants receive food.
Most elephants require food.
Most elephants require ground.
Most elephants require litre water.
Most elephants require sustenance.
Most elephants require water.
Most elephants resemble extinct mammals.
Most elephants resemble mammals.
Most elephants seek food.
Most elephants seek homes.
Most elephants seek mates.
Most elephants seek water.
Most elephants share earth.
Most elephants show intake.
Most elephants stand on feet.
Most elephants stand on hind legs.
Most elephants stand on legs.
Most elephants suck water.
Most elephants suffer from cardiovascular problems.
Most elephants suffer from problems.
Most elephants turn tails.
Most elephants use ears.
Most elephants use mouths.
Most elephants use trunks.
Most elephants use tusks.
Most elephants walk on feet.
Most elephants walk on legs.
Most elephants wear ivory.
Most elephants weigh lbs.
Most elephants weigh less than a blue whale's tongue.
Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of the blue whale.
Most elephants weigh pounds.
Most elephants weigh tonnes.
Most elephants weigh tons.
Some elephants adapt to lifestyle.
Some elephants affect pregnancy.
Some elephants appear in environments.
Some elephants appear in regions.
Some elephants are evolved from ancestors.
Some elephants are inside Africa.
Some elephants are located in environments.
Some elephants are located in jungle.
Some elephants are located in zoos.
Some elephants are member of circus.
Some elephants avoid enemies.
Some elephants can have kids.
Some elephants carry passengers.
Some elephants carry people.
Some elephants carry soldiers.
Some elephants carry trainers.
Some elephants carry viruses.
Some elephants cause crop damage.
Some elephants cause damage.
Some elephants come from zoos.
Some elephants come out of water.
Some elephants consume bamboo.
Some elephants consume whole trees.
Some elephants create gaps.
Some elephants cross roads.
Some elephants destroy fields.
Some elephants destroy grass.
Some elephants destroy leaves.
Some elephants destroy plants.
Some elephants destroy vegetation.
Some elephants destroy vines.
Some elephants develop a white ring that encircles the iris as they mature.
Some elephants dig holes.
Some elephants eat bamboo.
Some elephants eat beans.
Some elephants eat crops.
Some elephants eat hay.
Some elephants eat seeds.
Some elephants eat vegetables.
Some elephants eat vegetation.
Some elephants escape from herds.
Some elephants exhibit reaction.
Some elephants feed on grass.
Some elephants feed on mangroves.
Some elephants feed on seeds.
Some elephants follow migration routes.
Some elephants follow routes.
Some elephants give birth to animals.
Some elephants graze in environments.
Some elephants graze in reeds.
Some elephants grow cells.
Some elephants grow molars.
Some elephants have birthdays.
Some elephants have expectancy.
Some elephants have life expectancy.
Some elephants have natural predators.
Some elephants have phases.
Some elephants have predators.
Some elephants have prey.
Some elephants have quality.
Some elephants have remarkable human quality.
Some elephants have remarkable quality.
Some elephants have shame.
Some elephants have smaller ears.
Some elephants have succession.
Some elephants have touch.
Some elephants help a girl learn to count.
Some elephants help environments.
Some elephants help groups.
Some elephants help habitats.
Some elephants hit puberty.
Some elephants induce labour by self-medicating with certain plants.
Some elephants inhabit basins.
Some elephants inhabit congo basins.
Some elephants inhabit savanna.
Some elephants invade fields.
Some elephants invade villages.
Some elephants kill men.
Some elephants live in grassland.
Some elephants live in India.
Some elephants live in jungle.
Some elephants live in Nepal.
Some elephants live in pairs.
Some elephants live in regions.
Some elephants live in sanctuaries.
Some elephants live in Tanzania.
Some elephants live in Thailand.
Some elephants live in zoos.
Some elephants live on environments.
Some elephants live on grassland.
Some elephants live on savanna.
Some elephants love baths.
Some elephants love habitats.
Some elephants make migration.
Some elephants pay attention.
Some elephants perform in circuses.
Some elephants play in Africa.
Some elephants play in countries.
Some elephants play in environments.
Some elephants play in forests.
Some elephants play in groups.
Some elephants play in regions.
Some elephants play in water.
Some elephants play roles.
Some elephants pose threats.
Some elephants possess children.
Some elephants possess food.
Some elephants possess mechanisms.
Some elephants possess sides.
Some elephants possess trunks.
Some elephants prefer environments.
Some elephants provide information.
Some elephants receive care.
Some elephants receive injections.
Some elephants regrow teeth.
Some elephants require parents.
Some elephants rub the resulting discharge on tree trunks, perhaps to leave messages behind.
Some elephants shake heads.
Some elephants sit on chests.
Some elephants spend almost their whole lives in chains.
Some elephants stand in rivers.
Some elephants stand on something.
Some elephants swim in water.
Some elephants touch bones.
Some elephants transmit viruses.
Some elephants use energy.
Some elephants use mud.
Some elephants visit herds.
Some elephants visit holes.
Some elephants walk on toes.
Some elephants work with trainers.
Elephantiasis can complicate itself to very dangerous levels if left untreated in the early stages.
Elephantiasis caused by lymphatic filariasis is transmitted through the agency of female mosquitoes.
Elephantiasis comes from the bite of tropical mosquitoes.
Elephantiasis is dysplasia
Elephantiasis is one more of the several diseases transmitted through mosquitoes.
Elephantiasis is spread by the bite of infected mosquitoes.
Elephantiasis is the leprosy found in modern times in Syria, Greece, Spain, Norway and Africa.
Elephantiasis is the most awful disease known.
Elephantiasis is treated by plastic surgery.
Elephantiasis resulting from timorian infection is rare.
Elephantiasis sometimes requires plastic surgery to restore the damaged skin parts.
Elephantiasis usually occurs on the lower legs or genitals but can occur on any part of the body.
Elephants Elephants are hot blooded animals.
Elephants Elephants are the largest living land mammals.
Elephants feet are unique and very interesting.
Elephants skin is very sensitive to the sun.
Elephants tusks are ivory.
Elephants tusks are very useful to humans.
Eletromagnetic waves vibrate.
Eleva soils have a lithic contact in the series control section.
Elevate blood pressure stimulates secretion.
Elevate blood sugar causes excretion.
Elevate blood sugar causes potassium excretion.
Elevate carbon dioxide affects photosynthesis.
Some elevate cholesterol causes diseases.
Some elevate cholesterol causes heart diseases.
Elevate concentration occurs in areas.
Elevate concentration occurs in pollute areas.
Most elevate concentration occurs in areas.
Most elevate concentration occurs in pollute areas.
Elevate heavy metal concentration occurs in areas.
Elevate heavy metal concentration occurs in pollute areas.
Elevate pressure stimulates secretion.
Elevate sugar causes excretion.
Elevate sugar causes potassium excretion.
Most elevate sugar causes excretion.
Most elevate sugar causes potassium excretion.
Elevate temperature affects battery life.
Elevate temperature affects life.
Most elevate temperature affects battery life.
Most elevate temperature affects life.
Elevated ammonia can occasionally be a problem in established set-ups.
Elevated ammonia is very toxic, particularly to the brain.
Elevated autoantibodies are often a precursor to full blown hypothyroidism.
Elevated boardwalks provide complete accessibility.
Elevated cholesterol continues to be a big problem.
Elevated cholesterol is a known factor in heart disease.
Elevated cholesterol is another symptom.
Elevated cholesterol is associated with an increasing risk of coronary heart disease.
Elevated cortisol breaks down muscle and blocks protein synthesis while slowing glucose utilization.
Elevated dosages can cause stroke , cardiac arrhythmias and sudden death.
Elevated eagles guard the roof's four corners.
Elevated feeders are more comfortable for older pets.
Elevated feeders can help in caring for dogs and cats with a condition called megaesophagus .
Elevated feeders keep seed clean and dry and constantly available in case of bad weather.
Elevated flares can be self-supported, derrick supported or guyed.
Elevated green falls off on right side, and a ridge extends through the middle of the green.
Elevated green is well-defended by bunkers.
Elevated greens combine with a few blind approach shots to challenge the most accomplished golfer.
Elevated greens make several of the holes play longer.
Elevated grills are available.
Elevated home is a mitigation success story.
Elevated insulin appears naturally in some populations, and in at least one common condition.
Elevated insulin increases the risk for diabetes, a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Elevated lead appears to be a problem at all three monitoring locations.
Elevated levels are a common precursor to bacterial gill disease.
Elevated levels are a risk factor for coronary artery disease.
Elevated levels are significant in identifying cancer.
Elevated levels can cause undesirable algal blooms and create an imbalanced micronutrient profile.
Elevated levels can occur in homes where asbestos-containing materials are damaged or disturbed.
Elevated levels indicate liver injury.
Elevated levels indicate possible disorders.
Elevated levels result from uncontrolled disturbances and removals of asbestos-containing materials.
Elevated levels suggest fat malabsorption.
Elevated levels suggest increasing severity of hypertension.
Elevated levels suggest neural tube defects or abdominal wall defects and AChE is indicated.
Elevated liver enzymes after nontraumatic intracranial hemorrhages.
Elevated liver enzymes in asymptomatic patients.
Elevated liver enzymes seen in female patients, but no casual relationship established.
Elevated morale means happier employees.
Elevated ozone can cause respiratory problems in humans and damage to plants.
Elevated potassium affects all cells of the body but particularly nerves and muscles.
Elevated potassium stops the heart.
Elevated pressure is a possible sign of glaucoma, a common eye problem in people with diabetes.
Elevated pressure is a possible sign of glaucoma.
Elevated pressure stimulates proto-oncogene expression in isolated mesenteric arteries.
Elevated pressure stimulates protooncogene expression in isolated mesenteric arteries.
Elevated pressures are transmitted to the pulmonary vasculature and lead to pulmonary edema.
Elevated prolactin can cause irregular ovulation in some women.
Elevated prolactin can have a profound effect on fertility.
Elevated prolactin can interfere with pregnancy.
Elevated prolactin is thought to be due to the high estrogen levels.
Elevated respiration is a sign of pain.
Elevated tanks are a common method of storage in Maryland.
Elevated TATs indicates thrombin generation and an attempt to remove excess thrombin.
Elevated tees look out to a severely sloping fairway, from right to left.
Elevated tees offer sweeping views of the ocean and sound.
Elevated tees permit inspiring views of the surrounding mountains and ever-changing sky.
Elevated tees play down to lake.
Elevated temperature can pasteurize or sterilize softwood chips, sawn wood, or logs.
Elevated temperature is more common in infants and toddlers than in older children.
Elevated temperature is rare and the sedimentation rate is lower.
Elevated temperature is the most important factor in gaining an effective degas of sample surfaces.
Elevated temperature reduces the respiratory scope of coral reef fishes.
Elevated temperatures are a major contributor to lower semiconductor reliability.
Elevated temperatures can accelerate corrosion rates significantly.
Elevated temperatures can result in loss of battery performance, leakage, or rust.
Elevated temperatures can result in shortened battery life.
Elevated temperatures cause waxes and polishes to dry too quickly.
Elevated temperatures hasten failure.
Elevated temperatures indicate extra protection is needed.
Elevated temperatures multiply the problems.
Elevated temperatures result in increased corrosion.
Elevated thyroid stimulating immunoglobulin confirms the diagnosis.
Elevated titers are strongly suggestive of recent or current infection with group A streptococci.
Elevated titers can persist for months after acute infection.
Elevated town provides flawless sitelines where subjects appear dramatically over the horizon.
Elevated triglycerides are a contributing, independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Elevated triglycerides are a demonstrated risk factor for heart disease.
Elevated triglycerides can be a consequence of other diseases, such as untreated diabetes.
Elevated turbidity can cause an increase in temperature since suspended particles absorb heat.
Elevated utilities offer protection from flooding and high water.
Elevated values are common and normal in children.
Elevated values are present in chronic and acute inflammatory and neoplastic diseases.
Elevated values are red.
Elevated walkways allow visitors to explore some of the marsh areas in the park.
Elevated walkways encourage workers to use the walkways.
Elevated walkways extend out over the waters, providing hypnotic prospects out across the lake.
Elevation angles are positive when the angle is measured above the xy plane.
Elevation gain is minimal, and the wide-open terrain is scenic.
Elevation gain is trivial.
Elevation views are to be done.
Elevation affects climate and temperature which determines where plants and animals live.
Elevation affects climates.
Elevation affects hikers.
Elevation alone sets it apart from other lands creating a realm of pure light and intense colors.
Elevation alters structures.
Elevation appears to be the opposite of social disgust.
Elevation attribute available.
Elevation bump tests at full speed with adjusted damper.
Elevation can be an important factor for understanding biotic distribution.
Elevation can have as much influence on climate as latitude.
Elevation can produce major change in climatic conditions.
Elevation can reduce swelling.
Elevation decreases pain and swelling.
Elevation depends on defining a zero or base level.
Elevation determines the dominant vegetation.
Elevation drive motor and elevation bearing pad. . .
Elevation drive motors in place.
Elevation drops dramatically.
Elevation encoder collar slippage - the encoder is connected via a collar to the elevation axis.
Elevation gain is approx.
Elevation gain nil.
Elevation has a definite effect on plants and animals in different environments.
Elevation has an appreciable effect on temperature and precipitation at all latitudes, however.
Elevation has no effect on movement.
Elevation helps reduce swelling and discomfort.
Elevation helps to reduce swelling to the injured area.
Elevation increases with green, yellow, orange, and red colors.
Elevation influences survival.
Elevation is a limiting factor for vector and virus development.
Elevation is a rise
Elevation is a single value for the entire entity.
Elevation is a special emotional state that makes people more open and loving toward others.
Elevation is a topic of eternal interest.
Elevation is a vital but still-undeciphered clue.
Elevation is adjusted by raising or lowering the front sight.
Elevation is adjusted on the front sight and windage is adjusted on the rear sight.
Elevation is also important and is accomplished with sling suspension.
Elevation is an important predictor of the total number of seedlings found in each plot.
Elevation is angle from horizontal.
Elevation is approx.
Elevation is artist's rendition.
Elevation is by means of a large wheel located at the rear of the yoke.
Elevation is computed using the hydrostatic assumption.
Elevation is denoted graphically by contour lines on terrestrial maps.
Elevation is depicted as grey scale values with darker values representing lower elevation.
Elevation is distance.
Elevation is from sea level to a few feet above sea level.
Elevation is important as well.
Elevation is in degrees above the horizon.
Elevation is indicated by brown contour lines.
Elevation is indicated by color.
Elevation is indicated by hypsometric tinting.
Elevation is leaps.
Elevation is measured at the highest point on the centerline of the usable landing surface.
Elevation is measured in meters also.
Elevation is nice.
Elevation is normal and water murky.
Elevation is normally the ordinate and length the abscissa.
Elevation is noted both by hypsometric tinting and shaded relief.
Elevation is one problem.
Elevation is plans.
Elevation is positive when the data surface is anterior to the reference surface.
Elevation is represented by color shading, streams by blue lines, and drill holes by red dots.
Elevation is rises.
Elevation is sea level.
Elevation is shown by color bands with the topography shaded within each band.
Elevation is shown by gradient tints.
Elevation is shown by shaded relief.
Elevation is shown on maps called contour maps.
Elevation is shown using hypsometric tints.
Elevation is shown with shading.
Elevation is taken into account.
Elevation is the angle between the satellite and the horizon and azimuth is the direction to look.
Elevation is the height above sea level at any given location.
Elevation is the height of the station in feet above sea level.
Elevation is the independent variable, and temperature is the dependent.
Elevation is the key to finding snow for all our adventure tours.
Elevation is up to fifty feet.
Elevation is very important - it helps to decrease swelling.
Elevation isa motion.
Elevation makes for little difference.
Elevation mapping for all plots is complete.
Elevation means the angle, in degrees, above the horizon.
Elevation means the height of something above sea level.
Elevation naturally rises from east to west and south to north.
Elevation plays a key role in determining when the fall spectacle occurs.
Elevation plays a major role in temperature and precipitation variability.
Elevation plays a major role in temperature and precipitation.
Elevation plays a major role in the temperature and precipitation.
Elevation plays an important role in determining precipitation type.
Elevation plays an important role in temperature differences across the state.
Elevation plays an important role in the weather as well.
Elevation ranges shown in color.
Elevation refers to raising the damaged area as high as is possible to reduce hydrostatic pressure.
Elevation rises to a high point at the sixth on the front side and descends back to the clubhouse.
Elevation shown is the full front porch.
Elevation tends to cause pressure centers to become intensified when altitude is increased.
Elevation varies greatly throughout the various regions of Lane County.
Elevation varies greatly, an the trail can become downright difficult in stretches.
Elevation view from the low grade side of wall drawn to scale.
Elevations are a side view and sections can be cut through the model on a staggered line.
Elevations are also inconsistent.
Elevations are artist conceptions.
Elevations are five feet or less in most places.
Elevations are from app.
Elevations are higher to the north of the country.
Elevations are in feet above sea level.
Elevations are in feet, based on mean sea level.
Elevations are in meters or feet referenced to mean sea level.
Elevations are in meters relative to mean sea level.
Elevations are in metres.
Elevations are line drawings which show the exterior elements of a single building side.
Elevations are lower than in Tennessee.
Elevations are lowest in dark green and highest in red and white.
Elevations are lowest in the center of the site and increase towards the perimeter.
Elevations are meters above sea level.
Elevations are meters.
Elevations are on the plat, and there is no new road to be built.
Elevations are subject to change over time due to earth subsidence, construction activity, etc.
Elevations are to be based on sea level datum if available.
Elevations range from twenty to eighty feet above sea level.
Elevations refer to elevation above sea level.
Elevations rise slowly to the south and west from sea level at Hudson Bay.
Elevations show three dimensions.
Elevations shown on the left are in feet above sea level.
All elevations are elevations above mean sea level.
All elevations are relative to the mean height of the equator.
All elevations interpolated are to be stored to the nearest metre.
Most elevation affects climates.
Most elevation affects hikers.
Some elevation decreases fatigue.
Some elevation has effects.
Some elevation has negative effects.
Some elevation has positive effects.
Some elevation has possibility.
Some elevation influences communities.
Some elevation kills victims.
Some elevation leads to improvement.
Some elevation supports development.
Some elevation supports fetal development.
Elevational distribution varies with latitude.
Elevational limits increase with decreasing latitude.
Elevational limits vary throughout sugar maple's extensive range.
Elevational ranges are provided below by forest type.
Elevator cabs have anigr -paneled walls and floors of the same granite used in the lobby.
Some elevator cars are part of abbeys.
Some elevator cars are part of architecture.
Some elevator cars are part of barns.
Some elevator cars are part of buildings.
Some elevator cars are part of bungalows.
Some elevator cars are part of cafes.
Some elevator cars are part of castles.
Some elevator cars are part of cathedrals.
Some elevator cars are part of churches.
Some elevator cars are part of convents.
Some elevator cars are part of coops.
Some elevator cars are part of cottages.
Some elevator cars are part of cowsheds.
Some elevator cars are part of elevators.
Some elevator cars are part of farmhouses.
Some elevator cars are part of garages.
Some elevator cars are part of greenhouses.
Some elevator cars are part of hospitals.
Some elevator cars are part of hotels.
Some elevator cars are part of houses.
Some elevator cars are part of inns.
Some elevator cars are part of kennels.
Some elevator cars are part of manors.
Some elevator cars are part of monasteries.
Some elevator cars are part of mosques.
Some elevator cars are part of observatories.
Some elevator cars are part of palaces.
Some elevator cars are part of pubs.
Some elevator cars are part of restaurants.
Some elevator cars are part of rinks.
Some elevator cars are part of skyscrapers.
Some elevator cars are part of stables.
Some elevator cars are part of temples.
Some elevator cars are part of theaters.
Some elevator cars are part of theatres.
Elevator control requires a distributed computation system.
Elevator controls allow a pilot to raise and lower a plane's nose.
Elevator controls are at an accessible height, and marked in raised characters and Braille.
Elevator controls are at wheelchair level and have braille and sound indicators.
Elevator controls are at wheelchair level and have braille indicators.
Elevator inspectors do the amusement device inspections.
Elevator inspectors see each installation before the permit expires.
Elevator music is dead.
Elevator music is the most romantic genre of music out there.
An elevator shaft is a shaft
Elevator shafts are hostile environments for electronics, because of the grease and dust.
Elevator shafts are like chimneys.
An elevator is a lifting device
Elevator cabs that stall due to power interruptions can resume movement unexpectedly.
Elevator is also glass.
Elevator is available just across the ramp above the reception area.
Elevator is available.
Elevator is hard on the adult's back.
Elevator is in the center of the building.
Elevator is located to the right.
Elevator is on the right.
Elevator is present.
Elevator is stuck between floors.
Elevator is to the right.
Elevator is too slow.
Elevator is wheelchair accessible.
Elevator isa device.
Elevator makes upstairs accessible to disabled.
Elevator moves up at constant velocity.
Elevator opens directly into foyer.
Elevator Operate the elevator.
Elevator provides access to several rooms upstairs.
Elevator provides access to the library on the third floor.
Elevator rides to the top are available every five minutes.
Elevator serves all floors.
Elevator serves all three levels.
Elevator serves both floors.
Elevator Start by throwing a long sleeper.
Elevator trim wheel on panel.
Elevators accommodate wheelchairs.
Elevators allow access to all levels of the library.
Elevators allow easy access to all units.
Elevators also provide access.
Elevators also tend to yield good humor, along with public transit and cafes.
Elevators also use pulleys to move the car up and down from floor to floor.
Elevators are a convenience for people as well.
Elevators are a real test, because they seem to bring the bomb out most quickly.
Elevators are airfoils.
Elevators are also a solution when space is limited.
Elevators are also available with gas engine or both.
Elevators are also available.
Elevators are also wrong outline, look a bit like swept-back.
Elevators are an option for some households.
Elevators are another good example.
Elevators are at the end of the wings, inside the attrium.
Elevators are available at each of the five stops.
Elevators are available at the Central Branch.
Elevators are available at the rear of the theater to avoid climbing stairs.
Elevators are available for patrons with disabilities and their companions.
Elevators are available for public use.
Elevators are available for students with limited mobility.
Elevators are available in all residence halls and most classroom buildings.
Elevators are available in each building along with carts for loading and unloading.
Elevators are available in several buildings.
Elevators are available to accommodate special needs.
Elevators are available to all upper floors. .
Elevators are available to all upper floors.
Elevators are available to the mezzanine and the street.
Elevators are available.
Elevators are by far the safest means of mechanical transportation in New York City.
Elevators are certainly a modern convenience.
Elevators are current.
Elevators are for use of rescue workers, police, and fire fighters.
Elevators are in constant use and available at all times.
Elevators are in the center of the parking garage.
Elevators are in the middle of the building.
Elevators are in the wings that run north-south.
Elevators are located in apartments.
Elevators are located in buildings.
Elevators are located in hotels.
Elevators are located in malls.
Elevators are mechanical devices.
Elevators are movable sections of the horizontal tail piece.
Elevators are never to be used.
Elevators are notorious for stopping at the fire floor and killing the people inside.
Elevators are on either side of the windows farthest from the Reference Desk.
Elevators are one of the most frequently used forms of transportation in the world.
Elevators are part of buildings.
Elevators are present.
Elevators are rooms.
Elevators are security locked and private with secure underground parking.
Elevators are slow.
Elevators are so tiny and confining.
Elevators are starting to provide information to farmers can use to gather information.
Elevators are straight across from the doors of the main entrance.
Elevators are straight through lobby.
Elevators are strange places.
Elevators are thus available for fire department use only.
Elevators are used for hoists.
Elevators are used for raises.
Elevators are used for transport.
Elevators are very current.
Elevators ascend the arch on both legs with five people to a car.
Elevators assume the futures risk.
Elevators break down regularly, and most rooms for committee meetings are too small.
Elevators can act like giant pistons pushing smoke and fire to other parts of the building.
Elevators can become death traps in a FIRE emergency if power is lost.
Elevators can do anything they damn well please.
Elevators can lead to trouble.
Elevators can service requests while stopped.
Elevators can use grain options markets to offer minimum and maximum price contracts.
Elevators carry the public to upper galleries, with open stairs and ramps allowing a walk down.
Elevators connect all floors but assistance is needed to work the controls.
Elevators connect every level of every building.
Elevators connect restaurant to lobby.
Elevators connect the first, second, third and fourth floors.
Elevators constantly run up and down for no reason.
Elevators contain dark mahogany wood, mirrors, brass railings and oriental rugs.
Elevators demand rigorous inspectors and maintenance to ensure their continued operation and safety.
Elevators drop calls.
Elevators exist for handicap access.
Elevators Get on with a group, if possible.
Elevators go down.
Elevators go nowhere and a blue, cloud-filled sky becomes an empty backdrop.
Elevators go up.
Elevators have (part) bases.
Elevators have (part) ceilings.
Elevators have (part) elevator cars.
Elevators have (part) floors.
Elevators have (part) room light.
Elevators have (part) sections.
Elevators have (part) walls.
Elevators have audio floor notification and braille controls.
Elevators have braille controls unless noted.
Elevators have Braille signage and raised numbers.
Elevators have doors.
Elevators lead to the top.
Elevators Look at the door sills when the doors open.
Elevators make loading and unloading easy.
Elevators move guests from floor to floor, and rest rooms are fully accessible.
Elevators open and shut for no apparent reason, even when occupied.
Elevators operate by themselves and quit for no reason.
Elevators provide access to all floors in the library.
Elevators provide access to all floors with library resources and services.
Elevators provide access to all floors.
Elevators provide access to all three floors of the library building.
Elevators provide access to second floor classrooms.
Elevators provide access to the Polynesian-style apartments.
Elevators provide access, but stairways are popular.
Elevators provide easy access to the upper floors.
Elevators reach all levels.
Elevators represent a universal case of hurry sickness that virtually everyone can relate to.
Elevators require a key.
Elevators run up on the left and right towers.
Elevators serve all floors.
Elevators serve all of the homes here.
Elevators serve public levels.
Elevators smell different to midgets.
Elevators stall between floors.
Elevators stop at floors where nobody is waiting.
Elevators stop operating when there is no power.
Elevators stop promptly at closing time.
Elevators take people to the theaters, which are on the second floor.
Elevators take small groups miles below the earth to explore myriad tunnels.
Elevators Tampering with elevators can create life threatening situations.
Elevators There are two elevators located in the main hall of the building.
Elevators There is only one elevator in the library.
Elevators turn around, sell the product on line to feed mills and other places.
Elevators Always look in the elevator before entering.
Elevators usually have to be pre-booked.
All elevators are accessable and all controls have raised numbers and Braille.
All elevators are accessible.
All elevators are standard with new locking swivel head.
All elevators are wheelchair accessible.
All elevators ground themselves immediately, ignoring any calls on the way down.
All elevators have doors equipped with glass panels for two-way visibility.
All elevators have emergency call buttons.
All elevators have emergency lighting.
All elevators have video cameras and emergency intercoms.
Every elevator has an alarm button and an intercom or phone.
Every elevator has the usual buttons and on the sides a huge panel of ancient writing.
Many elevators are too small for a wheelchair to enter and so are a lot of doors.
Many elevators sit empty while grain piles up outside other active elevators.
Many elevators therefore use buttons that are sensitive to the warmth of the human finger.
Most elevators have emergency telephones.
Some elevators are closed, and some escalators are roped off.
Some elevators are part of abbeys.
Some elevators are part of architecture.
Some elevators are part of barns.
Some elevators are part of buildings.
Some elevators are part of bungalows.
Some elevators are part of cafes.
Some elevators are part of castles.
Some elevators are part of cathedrals.
Some elevators are part of churches.
Some elevators are part of convents.
Some elevators are part of coops.
Some elevators are part of cottages.
Some elevators are part of cowsheds.
Some elevators are part of dairies.
Some elevators are part of farmhouses.
Some elevators are part of farms.
Some elevators are part of garages.
Some elevators are part of greenhouses.
Some elevators are part of hospitals.
Some elevators are part of hotels.
Some elevators are part of houses.
Some elevators are part of inns.
Some elevators are part of kennels.
Some elevators are part of manors.
Some elevators are part of monasteries.
Some elevators are part of mosques.
Some elevators are part of observatories.
Some elevators are part of palaces.
Some elevators are part of playgrounds.
Some elevators are part of pubs.
Some elevators are part of ranches.
Some elevators are part of restaurants.
Some elevators are part of rinks.
Some elevators are part of skyscrapers.
Some elevators are part of stables.
Some elevators are part of temples.
Some elevators are part of theaters.
Some elevators are part of theatres.
Some elevators blow up because microscopic dust particles suspended in the air suddenly ignite.
Some elevators move more quickly than others.
Some elevators require a key to operate.
Some elevators serve several functions.
Some elevators use the same screens.
Eleventh graders fail calculus.
All eleventh graders undertake an individual research project.
Eleventh icon contains information about state symbols of Azerbaijan Republic.
Eleventh place is a phenomenal result considering the fierce competition.
Eleventh resolution is to get front row seats to a show.
Eleventh time is a charm.
Elf bowl is a perfect example of viral marketing.
Elf capabilities hack From now on, there's support for capabilities in elf executable.
Elf methanol is the official fuel of the series.
Some elf owls have pellets.
Some elf owls have small pellets.
Elf pictures pellets grey burrowing night northern spotted snow horned owls.
ELF calls it counter-terrorism in defense of the environment.
ELF eliminates the source of incompatability by resolving symbol names at load time.
Elf is fairy
Elf is fairy.
Elf isa fairy.
ELF opposes everything from genetic engineering to urban sprawl.
ELF penetrates anything and everything.
ELF sends orders to missile-firing submarines around the world.
ELFs also sponsor special library events.
Elfs DO like being servants.
ELFs go right through the earth and, of course, right through metal walls.
ELFs go right through the Earth and, of course, right through metal walls.
Elfs like to help in the garden, helping to grow plants and food.
Elves also can cast spells and probably get all the girls.
Elves also can see in the dark.
Elves are able to see in the dark, or see infrared spectrum in daylight.
Elves are aware of their surroundings.
Elves are best on whole wheat.
Elves are bipeds and usually grow to heights of greater than six foot.
Elves are born about one year after their begetting.
Elves are bright flashes of light in the night sky resulting from lightning within thunderstorms.
Elves are busy there.
Elves are carefree nature spirits who dance andplay stringed instruments.
Elves are diploid.
Elves are elves after all and notoriously unpredictable.
Elves are extremely good with elven weapons and armors and especially good with an elven bow.
Elves are fair skined and typically have light hair.
Elves are good at archery and the making of cloaks.
Elves are in the crowd passing out holiday cheer and candy canes.
Elves are lithe and beautiful, mysterious and aloof.
Elves are lithe and intelligent and excel in spellcraft.
Elves are masters of earth-based magic, which is no necessarily nature magic.
Elves are merry creatures who live in colonies under the earth.
Elves Are mostly wolf-blooded, though a few pure bloods remain.
Elves are naturally immortal .
Elves are quick and agile, but lack in raw power.
Elves are smarter than most races.
Elves are still powerful manipulators of magic.
Elves are the first of the eight families of fairy People.
Elves are the most difficult magickal race to pin down.
Elves are the shortest lived, lasting significantly less than a millisecond.
Elves are thin, expanding doughnuts of light found on the lower edge of the ionosphere.
Elves are too fast to be seen with the naked eye, last less than one-thousandth of a second.
Elves are unable moving water.
Elves are unable to cross moving water.
Elves are very bright, short flashes of lightning high above the clouds at the very edge of space.
Elves are very powerful but rare creatures.
Elves can be bards however.
Elves can be rather arrogant to all races, but they especially disdain dwarves.
Elves can be such stuffy and pretentious folk.
Elves can shape-shift into the various creaturs of the forest such as caterpillars.
Elves can wield many kinds of weapons and cast magic spells, too.
Elves combine fighting, bow and magic skills.
Elves do it in the trees.
Elves find dwarves amusing, but tiresome.
Elves follow a Samurai-like code of honor.
Elves get to live in elaborate treehouses.
Elves go crazy on London's Oxford street More on the anti-sweat shop campaign.
Elves has a permanent stream.
Elves have a natural affinity for magic and things magical.
Elves have abilities that are more balanced than the abilities of the other classes.
Elves have excellent bowmen.
Elves have great empathy, especially with animals.
Elves have moderate prowess in both fighting and magic.
Elves have no leader, nor any formal members.
Elves have several types of magic.
Elves just seem a bit too . . .
Elves learn to use magic.
Elves like to wear it.
Elves live for centuries.
Elves love it.
Elves love nature more than anything else and regret tje industrialized himan society.
Elves love nature more than anything else, and regret the industrialized human society.
Elves make dolls.
Elves make fake moons.
Elves make fake suns.
Elves make Legos.
Elves make stories.
Elves make the moon.
Elves make the sun.
Elves simply use the file formats of the programs they run.
Elves start the game there and it is specific to that character class.
Elves still get a chance to spot secret doors.
Elves supposedly have hollow backs and are never quite corporeal in our world.
Elves take up adventuring out of wanderlust.
Elves tend to be tall and slender and spend most of their time dancing in the woods.
Elves typically have four children or fewer.
Elves often begin their journey from little spiritual foundation.
Elves usually hunt and fish a good deal of their own food but most supplies are bought from outside.
All elves are a family.
All Elves are available in either stoneware or porcelain.
All elves are of noble blood.
Every elf drinks stout.
Most elves dismiss the person as mere myth.
Some elves have human appearances with exception of animal feet, ears, skin, or teeth.
Elicitive training is especially useful as both a training tool and an intervention tool.
Eligibility also applies to research foundations maintained by eligible colleges or universities.
Eligibility also applies to step-relatives.
Eligibility also depends on case type.
Eligibility also depends on type of case.
Eligibility also exist for permanent state employees in qualifying titles.
Eligibility also is based on recommendations, an essay, and extracurricular activities.
Eligibility also requires demonstrated potential for contribution to the Roosevelt community.
Eligibility based on income is determined by a sliding scale.
Eligibility Be a for-profit corporation, partnership, or sole proprietorship.
Eligibility becomes more complicated.
Eligibility begins after one month of service.
Eligibility begins after one year of employment.
Eligibility begins after one year of service.
Eligibility begins after six months of employment.
Eligibility begins at hire date.
Eligibility begins at two years of employment.
Eligibility begins immediately upon hire.
Eligibility begins on date of hire, rehire, or change to regular status of half-time or more.
Eligibility begins on first day of employment.
Eligibility begins on the date of hire for full-time employees.
Eligibility begins on the first day of the month following their hire date.
Eligibility begins six months following the start date of full-time employment.
Eligibility begins the calendar quarter following six months of employment.
Eligibility begins the first day of employment.
Eligibility begins the first of the month following the start date of full-time employment.
Eligibility begins the first quarter after six months of service.
Eligibility begins the month following the month an application is approved.
Eligibility begins the month following the month the decision is made.
Eligibility begins the second month of employment.
Eligibility begins three months after date of hire.
Eligibility begins to accrue with the first tenure-track appointment.
Eligibility begins upon employment and annually thereafter.
Eligibility begins upon employment.
Eligibility begins when the client enters treatment.
Eligibility begins with the application month with three months of prior medical coverage available.
Eligibility begins with the first year of membership in any category other than student and nominee.
Eligibility can change from year to year due to changes in parent or student income.
Eligibility ceases if employment status terminates for any reason.
Eligibility ceases if the employee is terminated for cause.
Eligibility ceases when students cease to be matriculated.
Eligibility commences the eighth calendar day after disability.
Eligibility consists of a letter of acceptance and the payment of a tuition deposit.
Eligibility continues for up to one year after separation.
Eligibility continues to be determined by the county departments of social services.
Eligibility continues to require regular full-time faculty or staff status.
Eligibility criteria Language proficiency is required in most non-English speaking countries.
Eligibility depends in part upon the availability of positions at host institutions.
Eligibility depends on being born in a qualifying country.
Eligibility depends on family income and size.
Eligibility depends on family income.
Eligibility depends on family size and income.
Eligibility depends on household income and the type of legal problem.
Eligibility depends on how good the land is as farmland.
Eligibility depends on income.
Eligibility depends on many factors and the situation is complex and ever changing.
Eligibility depends on net income and other family resources.
Eligibility depends on performance in competitive exams in addition to education and experience.
Eligibility depends on several factors family income, age, employment situation and course of study.
Eligibility depends on severity of disability.
Eligibility depends on specific loan program rules and dates of loan disbursements.
Eligibility depends on the applicants and applicants parents to pay for MCAT registration.
Eligibility depends on the local school district policy.
Eligibility depends on the patient's circumstances, condition, age, location, and destination.
Eligibility depends on the residence of the employee.
Eligibility depends on the structure of the rotation, resident needs and resident performance.
Eligibility depends on the student's family income level.
Eligibility depends on, among other things, age, mental capacity and relationship to each other.
Eligibility depends upon evidence of academic achievement.
Eligibility depends upon individual circumstances.
Eligibility depends upon performance.
Eligibility depends upon satisfactory drill performance.
Eligibility depends upon specific vision impairment as attested by a registered ophthalmologist.
Eligibility depends upon the student's enrollment status, grade level, and prior borrowing.
Eligibility differs from program to program.
Eligibility does depend on income limits, however.
Eligibility ends at the termination of employment.
Eligibility ends on the last day of the last month of the certification period.
Eligibility ends the day before the start of classes for the next semester.
Eligibility ends when the student graduates or is no longer enrolled full time.
Eligibility expires after twelve months.
Eligibility expires four years after the date of becoming eligible for the loan program.
Eligibility expires the last day of the semester.
Eligibility expires when degree is awarded.
Eligibility extends to physics departments of American colleges and universities.
Eligibility extends to their family members, too.
Eligibility extends to visually, physically, and perceptually handicapped individuals.
Eligibility Has an appropriate genetic disorder.
Eligibility Have U.S. citizenship.
Eligibility holds no restrictions, just a committment to the organization's motive.
Eligibility includes honorable discharge from military service and legal blindness.
Eligibility includes lighting, safety mirrors, alarm units and physical barriers.
Eligibility includes maximum federal income guidelines for individuals and families.
Eligibility includes membership in OSHP and enrollment in a full-time pharmacy program.
Eligibility includes students that have been retained in their present grade.
Eligibility includes women graduate students.
Eligibility involves poetry manuscript competition as well as other criteria.
Eligibility involves training, experience, and education.
Eligibility is a complex combination of factors and is determined by computer.
Eligibility is a qualification
Eligibility is according to the national guidelines with an emphasis on high academic achievement.
Eligibility is after one year of continuous employment.
Eligibility is after one year of employment.
Eligibility is also dependent on several factors besides electric load.
Eligibility is also dependent upon the applicant s judicial standing.
Eligibility is also determined based on income and assets.
Eligibility is assessed when all completed financial aid documents are submitted.
Eligibility is assessed when all financial aid documents are submitted.
Eligibility is assumed for contempt, juvenile, and revocation cases.
Eligibility is at present extended to entities such as individuals, workgroups, offices, and teams.
Eligibility is based mainly on eligibility for social security.
Eligibility is based of the veteran's military service.
Eligibility is based on a client's financial status and the level of difficulty of the case.
Eligibility is based on a government formula.
Eligibility is based on a medical assessment and the completion of an application form.
Eligibility is based on a person's family size and income.
Eligibility is based on a prospective member's grade level rather than by age.
Eligibility is based on a recommendation by a rabbi.
Eligibility is based on academics.
Eligibility is based on accrued hours.
Eligibility is based on activities and displays of leadership with in the school.
Eligibility is based on adjusted household income.
Eligibility is based on an income test.
Eligibility is based on an initial interview with program staff.
Eligibility is based on annual family income.
Eligibility is based on annual income levels and the number of people in a family.
Eligibility is based on annual income.
Eligibility is based on application by the student.
Eligibility is based on applications submitted.
Eligibility is based on at least half-time enrollment.
Eligibility is based on attendance at school.
Eligibility is based on available income less disaster-related expenses.
Eligibility is based on baccalaureate degree and work experience.
Eligibility is based on both income and nutrition risk.
Eligibility is based on citizenship status, income, resources and age.
Eligibility is based on county requirements.
Eligibility is based on credit worthiness.
Eligibility is based on creditworthiness.
Eligibility is based on credit-worthiness.
Eligibility is based on current income status and self-declared eligibility for participation.
Eligibility is based on current income, household size, and special expenses.
Eligibility is based on departmental participation.
Eligibility is based on each individual's tax situation.
Eligibility is based on each player's peak rating in the year prior to selection.
Eligibility is based on economic and academic criteria without regard to religion or race.
Eligibility is based on economic needs.
Eligibility is based on excellence of scholarship and integrity of character.
Eligibility is based on factors such as income and household size.
Eligibility is based on family income and age of children to be covered.
Eligibility is based on family income and assets.
Eligibility is based on family income and disability level.
Eligibility is based on family income and size, and age of children.
Eligibility is based on family income and size.
Eligibility is based on family income guidelines.
Eligibility is based on family income, family size, age, and residence.
Eligibility is based on family income.
Eligibility is based on family size and income.
Eligibility is based on family size and monthly income.
Eligibility is based on family size, income, and level of resources.
Eligibility is based on federal income guidelines or disability.
Eligibility is based on federal income guidelines.
Eligibility is based on federal methodology.
Eligibility is based on federal poverty guidelines.
Eligibility is based on financial criteria established by the state.
Eligibility is based on financial criteria.
Eligibility is based on financial resources, so an unmarried individual is more likely to qualify.
Eligibility is based on gross household income adjusted for family size.
Eligibility is based on gross income and household size.
Eligibility is based on gross monthly income and family size.
Eligibility is based on high academic merits and involvement in community volunteerism.
Eligibility is based on high school performance.
Eligibility is based on household income and family size.
Eligibility is based on household income relative to federal low-income guidelines.
Eligibility is based on household income, family size and the financial resources of the household.
Eligibility is based on household income.
Eligibility is based on household size and household income.
Eligibility is based on household size and income.
Eligibility is based on household size and the gross monthly income of the household.
Eligibility is based on income and ability to pay the fixed rent.
Eligibility is based on income and actual prescription drug cost.
Eligibility is based on income and assets.
Eligibility is based on income and family size and on the priority of the case.
Eligibility is based on income and heating source.
Eligibility is based on income and immigration status.
Eligibility is based on income and nutrition or health condition.
Eligibility is based on income and nutrition risk, and our services are free of charge.
Eligibility is based on income and nutrition risk.
Eligibility is based on income and nutritional risk as determined by a health professional.
Eligibility is based on income and nutritional risk.
Eligibility is based on income and resources.
Eligibility is based on income and self-payment participation.
Eligibility is based on income and student status.
Eligibility is based on income and taxes or rent paid in the previous calendar year.
Eligibility is based on income and type of heating arrangement.
Eligibility is based on income being lower than a set standard and assets being below limits.
Eligibility is based on income criteria which is set for each specific geographical area.
Eligibility is based on income guidelines.
Eligibility is based on income level and expenses paid.
Eligibility is based on income level and health risks.
Eligibility is based on income, and guidelines change each year.
Eligibility is based on income, family size and the appraised value of the property.
Eligibility is based on income, family size, and class rank.
Eligibility is based on income, family size, number of family members in college, and assets.
Eligibility is based on income, household size and the amount of energy a dwelling uses.
Eligibility is based on income, monthly shelter and medical expenses.
Eligibility is based on income, number in household, number in college, marital status, etc.
Eligibility is based on income, nutrition risk, and residence in Va Beach.
Eligibility is based on income, residency and access to other insurance.
Eligibility is based on income, resources and family composition.
Eligibility is based on income, the size of the family, and the number and ages of the children.
Eligibility is based on income.
Eligibility is based on individual academic achievement.
Eligibility is based on information submitted at the time of application.
Eligibility is based on invitation from the deans office.
Eligibility is based on invitation from the deans' office.
Eligibility is based on job creation commitment and capital investments in property or equipment.
Eligibility is based on leadership activities, volunteer service, academics and an essay .
Eligibility is based on limited English proficiency or socio-economic status.
Eligibility is based on livestock project being associated with a youth or junior show.
Eligibility is based on low or moderate family income, family size, and type of improvement.
Eligibility is based on medical diagnosis, atypical development or developmental delays.
Eligibility is based on meeting federally-established income guidelines.
Eligibility is based on New York net taxable income.
Eligibility is based on New York State net taxable income.
Eligibility is based on nine target groups.
Eligibility is based on objective measures and professional judgement.
Eligibility is based on other types and amounts of financial aid received.
Eligibility is based on overall performance in the legal studies program.
Eligibility is based on past income and work history.
Eligibility is based on patient's insurance status and income level.
Eligibility is based on percentage of full-time and duration of employment.
Eligibility is based on physician referral and available space.
Eligibility is based on poverty guidelines established by the federal government.
Eligibility is based on professional qualifications and residency.
Eligibility is based on program requirements and depends on family size and available resources.
Eligibility is based on program requirements under Minnesota reemployment law.
Eligibility is based on ratio of medical costs to income.
Eligibility is based on residency within the magnet volunteer attendance area.
Eligibility is based on resources and monthly income.
Eligibility is based on scholastic standing.
Eligibility is based on several criteria.
Eligibility is based on several factors including income and assets.
Eligibility is based on several strict criteria.
Eligibility is based on specific criteria set by the donor.
Eligibility is based on sponsorships by family members or an employer.
Eligibility is based on standardized test data, teacher recommendation and student work samples.
Eligibility is based on standardized test score requirements.
Eligibility is based on tenure and a review of payment history.
Eligibility is based on tenure and review of payment history.
Eligibility is based on the applicant's energy burden and current monthly energy costs.
Eligibility is based on the available income less disaster related expenses.
Eligibility is based on the family's income and presence of other insurance, among other criteria.
Eligibility is based on the family's previous year's New York State taxable income.
Eligibility is based on the federal poverty guidelines.
Eligibility is based on the Federal Poverty Income Guidelines.
Eligibility is based on the household's gross monthly income.
Eligibility is based on the household's total monthly income.
Eligibility is based on the income and resources of the family.
Eligibility is based on the individual's intent to pursue a career as a tool and die maker.
Eligibility is based on the location of the property.
Eligibility is based on the nominee s past and present accomplishments in the category of choice.
Eligibility is based on the nominee's past and present accomplishments in the category of choice.
Eligibility is based on the nominee's past and present accomplishments.
Eligibility is based on the number of hours enrolled.
Eligibility is based on the number of hours volunteered at the organization each quarter.
Eligibility is based on the number of students who qualify for free and reduced hot lunch.
Eligibility is based on the number of units of biology and chemistry the student has completed.
Eligibility is based on the primary residence of the tax payer.
Eligibility is based on the student's cost of attendance, and past credit history.
Eligibility is based on their anniversary date of employment.
Eligibility is based on three years UK residence and settled status.
Eligibility is based on unemployment status.
Eligibility is based partly on the order in which the application is received.
Eligibility is based primarily on prior year income, assets, and family size.
Eligibility is based solely on income.
Eligibility is based solely on the availability of an appropriate clinical trial.
Eligibility is based strictly on academic achievement at the bachelor's degree level.
Eligibility is based upon .
Eligibility is based upon a federal formula determination of a family's ability to pay for college.
Eligibility is based upon a specific standard of documented record of disability.
Eligibility is based upon capital investment, new job creation, and wages.
Eligibility is based upon certain income and reserve requirements.
Eligibility is based upon class standing and grade point average.
Eligibility is based upon family size and income.
Eligibility is based upon grades earned the previous semester.
Eligibility is based upon gross and net incomes, total financial resources and household size.
Eligibility is based upon hardship, repayment ability, and financial disclosure.
Eligibility is based upon income and economic criteria.
Eligibility is based upon income, energy burden, household size, and geographical region.
Eligibility is based upon information provided in the application and interview.
Eligibility is based upon meeting the criteria.
Eligibility is based upon merit.
Eligibility is based upon minimum grade point average requirements.
Eligibility is based upon positive credit check.
Eligibility is based upon qualification for unemployment insurance.
Eligibility is based upon the responses to several medical questions and the truthfulness thereof.
Eligibility is both income and asset tested.
Eligibility is calculated as the cost of attendance minus other financial aid awarded.
Eligibility is calculated by a complete debt to income ratio and credit check.
Eligibility is calculated in the same manner as the previous example.
Eligibility is calculated on the basis of a grade point average.
Eligibility is calculated separately for each product line.
Eligibility is checked each month thereafter.
Eligibility is checked weekly.
Eligibility is contingent upon a satisfactory payment history.
Eligibility is contingent upon completion and submission of appropriate application documents.
Eligibility is contingent upon completion of appropriate application documents.
Eligibility is contingent upon enrollment in the pharmacy professional program.
Eligibility is contingent upon satisfactory payment history.
Eligibility is decided.
Eligibility is defined by group classification, unless otherwise noted.
Eligibility is defined in the Constitution of the Faculty Government.
Eligibility is dependent upon income.
Eligibility is dependent upon the appointment of the employee.
Eligibility is dependent upon the homeowner's income.
Eligibility is described at the link above.
Eligibility is determined according to a formula established by the federal government.
Eligibility is determined according to income and program guidelines.
Eligibility is determined according to income guidelines listed on the application.
Eligibility is determined according to program requirements and verified information.
Eligibility is determined after a comprehensive evaluation is done.
Eligibility is determined again by transcripts, referrals, and interviews.
Eligibility is determined as of the date of the notice of contest.
Eligibility is determined as of the first day of the semester.
Eligibility is determined at that time.
Eligibility is determined at the time financial aid packages are awarded.
Eligibility is determined at the time financial aid packages are received.
Eligibility is determined at the time of the appointment.
Eligibility is determined at the time the financial aid packages are awarded.
Eligibility is determined based on a formal screening process.
Eligibility is determined based on medical and level of care criteria.
Eligibility is determined based on the evaluation results.
Eligibility is determined based on the information received in the application.
Eligibility is determined by a child's age, as well as family size and income.
Eligibility is determined by a family's gross monthly income and number of family members.
Eligibility is determined by a national formula.
Eligibility is determined by a review of income, family size, assets and case type.
Eligibility is determined by a standard formula known as federal methodology.
Eligibility is determined by adjusted gross income.
Eligibility is determined by age, income and functional impairment.
Eligibility is determined by age, income and place of residence.
Eligibility is determined by an agency of the federal government.
Eligibility is determined by an application process.
Eligibility is determined by an in-home assessment.
Eligibility is determined by an interview with a staff member.
Eligibility is determined by an outside agency.
Eligibility is determined by audition and faculty availability.
Eligibility is determined by audition, interview and three letters of recommendation.
Eligibility is determined by checking the applicant's resources and income.
Eligibility is determined by comparing existing classroom capacity to projected student growth.
Eligibility is determined by completing the financial aid application process.
Eligibility is determined by conferences, associations, and leagues formed by the schools.
Eligibility is determined by each plan member, including dependents, if provided.
Eligibility is determined by each school and college.
Eligibility is determined by economical and employment status, as well as choice of program.
Eligibility is determined by family income.
Eligibility is determined by family resources, income, and child care and work expenses.
Eligibility is determined by family size, children's ages, and family income.
Eligibility is determined by family size, income and other criteria.
Eligibility is determined by federal guidelines.
Eligibility is determined by Federal income guidelines.
Eligibility is determined by financial and academic requirements.
Eligibility is determined by financial status and family size.
Eligibility is determined by general application for financial aid.
Eligibility is determined by government regulations.
Eligibility is determined by grades and information received from the required documentation.
Eligibility is determined by gross income and household size.
Eligibility is determined by household income.
Eligibility is determined by household size and income criteria.
Eligibility is determined by housing contract number and residence hall.
Eligibility is determined by income and household composition.
Eligibility is determined by income and nutritional risk.
Eligibility is determined by income and the condition of the home.
Eligibility is determined by income in relation to family size.
Eligibility is determined by income, resources and care needs.
Eligibility is determined by income, resources and household size.
Eligibility is determined by income, resources, and household size.
Eligibility is determined by income, resources, residency, citizenship, household composition, etc.
Eligibility is determined by medical and financial criteria and applied to a cost-share formula.
Eligibility is determined by meeting one of the following criteria.
Eligibility is determined by number of persons in the household and total household income.
Eligibility is determined by our admissions committee after a pre-admission conference.
Eligibility is determined by parental income, number of dependents in the family, etc.
Eligibility is determined by present income, net worth, and the individual situation.
Eligibility is determined by publication credits.
Eligibility is determined by required courses taken during the previous year.
Eligibility is determined by review of ownership, management and control, and business size.
Eligibility is determined by showing proof of income for the household, and proof of residence.
Eligibility is determined by staff assessment.
Eligibility is determined by standardized evaluation and a district team decision.
Eligibility is determined by state guidelines.
Eligibility is determined by state statute.
Eligibility is determined by States short-term disability insurance carrier.
Eligibility is determined by students' credit history.
Eligibility is determined by subtracting all financial aid from the student budget.
Eligibility is determined by telephone before appointment is made with advocate.
Eligibility is determined by the assessor or board of assessors with whom the application is filed.
Eligibility is determined by the company based on income information provided by the physician.
Eligibility is determined by the core teams weekly.
Eligibility is determined by the employee s collective bargaining agreement or plan.
Eligibility is determined by the employment commission.
Eligibility is determined by the family's gross income and household size.
Eligibility is determined by the federal government.
Eligibility is determined by the federal processor.
Eligibility is determined by the individual service branches.
Eligibility is determined by the insurance company.
Eligibility is determined by the length of time people spent at any of the affected places.
Eligibility is determined by the managed care provider through a clinical assessment.
Eligibility is determined by the membership committee.
Eligibility is determined by the number of family members at home, and total household income.
Eligibility is determined by the number of hours worked prior to the holiday.
Eligibility is determined by the player's age on the first day of the tournament.
Eligibility is determined by the prize money rankings in each country.
Eligibility is determined by the school's office of financial aid.
Eligibility is determined by the state according to federal regulations.
Eligibility is determined by the state based upon data from the student's needs analysis form.
Eligibility is determined by the student's admission application.
Eligibility is determined by the student's age and commercial school enrollment status.
Eligibility is determined by the treatment team.
Eligibility is determined by the type of business being conducted.
Eligibility is determined by the unit's dean, director, or unit manager .
Eligibility is determined by the value of the individual's assets and income.
Eligibility is determined by the vesting schedule.
Eligibility is determined by the weighted or unweighted grade point average, whichever is higher.
Eligibility is determined by total family income and assets.
Eligibility is determined by transcripts, referrals, and interviews.
Eligibility is determined by users' actual tax information when they enter it on-line.
Eligibility is determined by vote of the senior class and the faculty.
Eligibility is determined by walking distance to school.
Eligibility is determined during the admission process.
Eligibility is determined during the initial interview.
Eligibility is determined from criteria developed by the college.
Eligibility is determined from income and assets.
Eligibility is determined in an interview with one of the social service staff members.
Eligibility is determined in the summer prior to the student's junior year.
Eligibility is determined on a case by case basis.
Eligibility is determined on a course by course basis.
Eligibility is determined on a three-month basis.
Eligibility is determined on an individual basis through our intake process.
Eligibility is determined on an individual case basis.
Eligibility is determined on medical diagnosis and financial status of the family.
Eligibility is determined on the basis of academic background and family income.
Eligibility is determined one award year at a time.
Eligibility is determined on-site by the contracted provider.
Eligibility is determined prior to mailing of the billing notice.
Eligibility is determined through a credit review process.
Eligibility is determined through a standard nationwide financial aid application process.
Eligibility is determined through an application process.
Eligibility is determined through an interview with the director.
Eligibility is determined through application.
Eligibility is determined through the amount of revenues as well as endowment levels.
Eligibility is determined through the financial aid process.
Eligibility is determined through various factors, such as family size and income.
Eligibility is determined using a point system, and can be calculated below.
Eligibility is determined using the federally mandated calculations.
Eligibility is determined when all requests for additional information have been met.
Eligibility is determined with prescribed criteria established by the school division.
Eligibility is determined yearly in the department's annual appropriations act.
Eligibility is done for a maximum of one year.
Eligibility is effective for six months.
Eligibility is effective the first of the month following the service anniversary data.
Eligibility is established after a careful financial screening by our social workers.
Eligibility is established by presenting the doctoral card to the course instructor.
Eligibility is established by superior grades in history courses.
Eligibility is established in the fall semester or when first appointed, and is reviewed annually.
Eligibility is established in the same manner as for health insurance.
Eligibility is established on an individual basis.
Eligibility is established though an open competitive process once every two years.
Eligibility is evaluated each year, or within the year if circumstances change.
Eligibility is extended to junior and senior undergraduates and to master's degree candidates.
Eligibility is extended to persons who are engaged in livestock or agricultural production.
Eligibility is first of the month following date of hire.
Eligibility is for a full four-year period.
Eligibility is for a mature, very experienced and seasoned person.
Eligibility is for ten years from entitlement date.
Eligibility is for the current semester plus summer session.
Eligibility is for the heating aid program is based on income and family size.
Eligibility is for women who have had at least one solo show in a museum or gallery.
Eligibility is governed by an income and asset test.
Eligibility is granted only if the individual or family is indigent.
Eligibility is guaranteed only for the initial six months period of eligibility.
Eligibility is identical to whole blood donation.
Eligibility is in accordance with recognized income guidelines for state and federal programs.
Eligibility is independent of identity.
Eligibility is intended to be as open as possible to all New York State organizations.
Eligibility is intended to be as open as possible.
Eligibility is judged based on undergraduate work, and to some extent, graduate work.
Eligibility is limited and is based on the availability of slots.
Eligibility is limited and time is running out.
Eligibility is limited by income restrictions.
Eligibility is limited by non-RCIL funding availability.
Eligibility is limited by the availability of slots.
Eligibility is limited on one region per year, and they cycle through from East to West to Central.
Eligibility is limited to a maximum of nine quarters.
Eligibility is limited to administration and staff members only.
Eligibility is limited to African-American students.
Eligibility is limited to all state and local governments and eligible nonprofit organizations.
Eligibility is limited to archival projects in the history of modern physics and allied fields.
Eligibility is limited to certain geographic locations.
Eligibility is limited to children of alumni.
Eligibility is limited to Colorado residents who are enrolled in six or more credit hours.
Eligibility is limited to Colorado residents.
Eligibility is limited to current CSU faculty and staff who use computers at work.
Eligibility is limited to currently enrolled students.
Eligibility is limited to dairy producers or employees presently active in herd management.
Eligibility is limited to eight semesters of full-time attendance.
Eligibility is limited to faculty members only.
Eligibility is limited to four years leading to the first baccalaureate degree.
Eligibility is limited to four years upon earning the first baccalaureate degree.
Eligibility is limited to full-time doctoral students .
Eligibility is limited to full-time students based upon New York State taxable income.
Eligibility is limited to full-time students.
Eligibility is limited to general purpose units of local government.
Eligibility is limited to government entities.
Eligibility is limited to graduate and undergraduate students in degree programs.
Eligibility is limited to hands-on maintenance personnel and their direct supervisors.
Eligibility is limited to Internet submissions only.
Eligibility is limited to investigators in the early stages of their career.
Eligibility is limited to lower income households.
Eligibility is limited to nonprofit organizations.
Eligibility is limited to one year.
Eligibility is limited to persons who are engaged in livestock or agricultural production.
Eligibility is limited to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations and tribal groups.
Eligibility is limited to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations.
Eligibility is limited to recipients of our nation's two highest decorations for valor.
Eligibility is limited to regular faculty members.
Eligibility is limited to residents of Ohio.
Eligibility is limited to South Dakota residents under the age of twenty-five years.
Eligibility is limited to state-supported colleges and universities.
Eligibility is limited to students planning to major in music.
Eligibility is limited to students qualifying for financial aid.
Eligibility is limited to students residing in North Carolina.
Eligibility is limited to students residing in the states of North Carolina and South Carolina.
Eligibility is limited to students who have taken at least five history courses.
Eligibility is limited to students who live off campus.
Eligibility is limited to students who live on campus.
Eligibility is limited to tenured or tenure-track faculty members.
Eligibility is limited to the completion of a first undergraduate bachelor's degree.
Eligibility is limited to the first year of enrollment.
Eligibility is limited to the postdoctoral level.
Eligibility is limited to two years of benefits.
Eligibility is limited to U.S. citizens and permanent legal residents.
Eligibility is limited to U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Eligibility is limited to U.S. citizens and permanent Residents.
Eligibility is limited to U.S. citizens and unconditional permanent residents.
Eligibility is limited to U.S. citizens.
Eligibility is limited to women scientists who hold a doctorate.
Eligibility is limited to women who are enrolled in accredited colleges and universities.
Eligibility is limited to women who are U.S. citizens and enrolled full-time.
Eligibility is limited to young scientists from North American facilities.
Eligibility is limited.
Eligibility is maintained by annual payment of the stallions established fee.
Eligibility is membership in the sponsoring group.
Eligibility is more than just an honor roll.
Eligibility is much wider, since the agreements are available to private non-profit organizations.
Eligibility is needs based.
Eligibility is on an individual household income basis.
Eligibility is on the same basis as men.
Eligibility is only for the duration of employment or enrolment at the university.
Eligibility is only one piece of the puzzle.
Eligibility is open to all chamber music educators as described above.
Eligibility is open to all chamber music educators, regardless of where the program is based.
Eligibility is open to both individual and corporations.
Eligibility is open to first-time, incoming freshmen only.
Eligibility is open to non-majors who have demonstrated excellence in the study of religion.
Eligibility is open to nonprofits nationally.
Eligibility is open to public and private schools and districts.
Eligibility is open to Utah residents who meet the plan s underwriting criteria.
Eligibility is qualifications.
Eligibility is quite simple.
Eligibility is redetermined for each calendar year.
Eligibility is reestablished after one year of non-service.
Eligibility is related to the amount of family income and savings.
Eligibility is related to the number of credits a students is taking.
Eligibility is required.
Eligibility is restricted and requires care to maintain.
Eligibility is restricted by statute to public entities.
Eligibility is restricted to academic research institutions.
Eligibility is restricted to citizens and permanent residents of Canada.
Eligibility is restricted to classified graduate students working on their projects.
Eligibility is restricted to first-time appointments to administrative or supervisory positions.
Eligibility is restricted to full-time graduate students majoring in human environmental sciences.
Eligibility is restricted to high school seniors graduating from an accredited secondary school.
Eligibility is restricted to one award per student per degree.
Eligibility is restricted to one national conference per organisation in any twelve-month period.
Eligibility is restricted to single-family structures with owner living on the premises.
Eligibility is restricted to U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Eligibility is reviewed annually.
Eligibility is reviewed whenever a new appointment is granted.
Eligibility is shown in parenthesis.
Eligibility is simple.
Eligibility is specific to each subgrant program.
Eligibility is strictly limited to juniors in high school.
Eligibility is subject to a means test.
Eligibility is subject to a medical examination.
Eligibility is subject to certain income limitations.
Eligibility is subject to financial guidelines and nutritional risk criteria.
Eligibility is subject to income and resource tests.
Eligibility is subject to periodic review.
Eligibility is supplemental scholarship aid for students of Belgian nationality.
Eligibility is the controlling factor.
Eligibility is the first day of the month following date of hire.
Eligibility is the first day of the month following employment.
Eligibility is the focus today.
Eligibility is the next enrollment period after date of hire.
Eligibility is the same as above.
Eligibility is the same for daily membership as it is for annual or semester membership.
Eligibility is tied to income and assets.
Eligibility is tied whether a community had service before deregulation.
Eligibility is to be certified at the end of each semester.
Eligibility is transferable.
Eligibility is typically a combination of service and age-related provisions.
Eligibility is updated annually.
Eligibility is valid for a period of one year from the date of testing.
Eligibility is validated before accounts or IDs are created or modified.
Eligibility is validated.
Eligibility is verified at time of enrollment by current pay stubs or paid fee statement.
Eligibility is verified by the departmental counselor.
Eligibility is verified to determine if the request can be processed.
Eligibility is very flexible.
Eligibility lasts for life.
Eligibility lasts three years from the family's last move.
Eligibility lasts until the end of the semester for students and for one year for faculty.
Eligibility Let's begin with eligibility.
Eligibility needs to be established.
Eligibility occurs after three months of employment.
Eligibility occurs the semester which begins following completion of two years of full-time service.
Eligibility occurs with an employee's successful completion of the introductory employment period.
Eligibility precludes the patient pursuing aggressive curative treatments or medical interventions.
Eligibility qualifies the family for housing aid.
Eligibility requirements All men and women dealing with the disease of alcoholism.
Eligibility requirements Certain eligibility requirements apply.
Eligibility requires academic rank in the top quarter of the class.
Eligibility requires academic rank in the top quartile of the class.
Eligibility requires around eight minutes of playing time.
Eligibility requires continuing progress towards a degree.
Eligibility requires four years of work as a registered apprentice in a drug store.
Eligibility requires full-time enrollment.
Eligibility requires participants to sign an attendance sheet at each session.
Eligibility requires permission from the mentor.
Eligibility requires some training in theology or equivalent knowledge.
Eligibility requires that a participant be a full time student.
Eligibility requires that a student be a Connecticut resident.
Eligibility requires that all program requirements be met.
Eligibility requires that the recipient have attended a workshop.
Eligibility requires Wisconsin residency and enrollment in a public institution.
Eligibility resides within a designated program.
Eligibility resides within designated program intent.
Eligibility see previous para.
Eligibility starts when first employed.
Eligibility varies according to each individual scholarship.
Eligibility varies according to project category.
Eligibility varies according to scholarships.
Eligibility varies based on available resources in the applicant s county of residence.
Eligibility varies by area so check with our local offices.
Eligibility varies by department.
Eligibility varies by location.
Eligibility varies by program.
Eligibility varies by region.
Eligibility varies depending on family size and income.
Eligibility varies depending on the particular award.
Eligibility varies depending on the specific program.
Eligibility varies depending on the type of visa required.
Eligibility varies depending on type of funding sought.
Eligibility varies depending upon the program sponsor.
Eligibility varies from award to award.
Eligibility varies from college to college.
Eligibility varies from institution to institution.
Eligibility varies from one type of visa to another.
Eligibility varies from project to project.
Eligibility varies from state to state.
Eligibility varies on age, status, and state residency.
Eligibility varies with each source.
Eligibility varies with employee status and longevity.
Eligibility varies with the dates that the veteran served.
Eligibility varies, depending on the housing provider.
Eligibility waiting periods are possible.
All eligibility is on a trip by trip basis.
All eligibility is restored at the beginning of each battle.
Eligible activities are rehabilitation and expansion or physical improvements to buildings or land.
Eligible activities are the same as under the national program.
Eligible activities run from recruitment of prospective teachers to support for novice teachers.
Eligible activities vary from program to program.
Eligible aliens are free white persons and persons of African nativity or descent.
Eligible amounts vary depending on grade level.
Eligible applicants are adult literacy providers.
Eligible applicants are astronomers with a Ph.D. or equivalent.
Eligible applicants are Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada.
Eligible applicants are cities and counties meeting the eligibility requirements.
Eligible applicants are clinicians and scientists early in their careers.
Eligible applicants are Colorado municipalities, city and counties, or counties.
Eligible applicants are community water systems and non-profit noncommunity water systems.
Eligible applicants are doctoral candidates in anthropology whose work focuses on Europe.
Eligible applicants are doctoral or master's level students from any country except New Zealand.
Eligible applicants are doctoral students enrolled in full-time programs.
Eligible applicants are domestic and foreign tax-exempt, public institutions.
Eligible applicants are final-year students and graduates of accredited medical schools.
Eligible applicants are from any nation outside Western Europe and North America.
Eligible applicants are full-time classroom teachers only.
Eligible applicants are graduate students who are citizens of the U.S. or Canada.
Eligible applicants are hospitals or consortia.
Eligible applicants are Humanities faculty, academic staff and graduate students.
Eligible applicants are IHEs.
Eligible applicants are in the late predoctoral or postdoctoral category.
Eligible applicants are institutions of higher education in the United States.
Eligible applicants are institutions of higher education, and appropriate nonprofit agencies.
Eligible applicants are institutions of higher education, and other appropriate nonprofit agencies.
Eligible applicants are institutions of higher education.
Eligible applicants are investigators in the firs eight years of their independent research careers.
Eligible applicants are journalists or feature writers.
Eligible applicants are limited to nonprofit organizations.
Eligible applicants are local and intermediate school districts and public school academies.
Eligible applicants are local educational agencies.
Eligible applicants are local parent organizations.
Eligible applicants are local units of government in Minnesota.
Eligible applicants are non-entitlement communities only.
Eligible applicants are nonprofit land trusts and conservancies.
Eligible applicants are nonprofit organizations in California and elsewhere.
Eligible applicants are organizations classified as tax exempt.
Eligible applicants are practitioners, established and new scholars, and doctoral candidates.
Eligible applicants are public and private agencies, organizations, institutions, and individuals.
Eligible applicants are public and private agencies, organizations, institutions, or individuals.
Eligible applicants are public and private non-profit groups.
Eligible applicants are public and private, nonprofit minority community-based organizations.
Eligible applicants are public bodies, private nonprofits, and tribal entities.
Eligible applicants are public bodies, such as boards of education, or nonprofit private agencies.
Eligible applicants are public or private non-profits.
Eligible applicants are public or private organizations and institutions.
Eligible applicants are qualified researchers who hold a Ph.D. degree.
Eligible applicants are researchers, colleges and universities, laboratories, and industry.
Eligible applicants are school districts.
Eligible applicants are schools of medicine, osteopathic medicine and public health.
Eligible applicants are State and local law enforcement agencies.
Eligible applicants are states and federally-recognized Indian tribe.
Eligible applicants are states and federally-recognized Indian tribes.
Eligible applicants are States and public or nonprofit organizations.
Eligible applicants are students in grades six, seven or eight.
Eligible applicants are tax-exempt, nonprofit organizations.
Eligible applicants are the same as for loans.
Eligible applicants are U.S. citizens enrolled in or applying to a graduate degree program.
Eligible applicants are U.S. citizens who have at least college junior academic status.
Eligible applicants are U.S. citizens, Canadian citizens, and permanent residents.
Eligible applicants are U.S. institutions of higher education and consortia.
Eligible applicants are U.S. states, territories, and the District of Columbia.
Eligible applicants are U.S. universities, non-academic institutions, scientists, and engineers.
Eligible applicants are undergraduate students, postbaccalaureates, and graduate students.
Eligible applicants are universities and state and local governments.
Eligible applicants are very low-income people with a disability.
Eligible applicants can borrow up to the cost of education, minus any aid already received.
Eligible applicants can expect to receive a discount on both interstate and intrastate services.
Eligible applicants can purchase a home with no money down.
Eligible applicants select which bank to apply for a mortgage loan.
Eligible applicants submit applications by specified deadlines.
All eligible applicants are acceptable without a physical.
All eligible applicants compete for available assistantships and awards.
All eligible applicants receive awards if they have approvable applications.
Every eligible applicant is provided service.
Eligible areas are science and engineering.
Eligible artists can be residents of the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
Eligible assistance is reduced by the amount of insurance reimbursements paid to applicants.
Eligible athletes have functional limitations in both general learning and adaptive skills.
Eligible athletes have functional limitations in both general learning and in adaptive skills.
Eligible beneficiaries are any residents of eligible housing.
Eligible beneficiaries choose a case manager from the list of enrolled providers.
Eligible books are American hardcover titles.
Eligible books are new American hardcover titles.
Eligible books can have either an American or international focus.
Eligible borrowers agree to return library materials on or before the due date.
Eligible borrowers are parents of dependent students.
Eligible borrowers can receive up to the cost of their education.
Eligible boys can submit their application to a local unit or to their local council.
Eligible businesses can be in the declared as well as contiguous counties.
Eligible candidates are community development corporations experienced in business and job creation.
Eligible candidates are people selected for major through lieutenant colonel.
Eligible candidates are PhD students or researchers still in the first two years of their post doc.
Eligible candidates are postmenopausal women who are at increased risk for breast cancer.
Eligible candidates can apply in the following fields only.
Eligible candidates can Email their CVs.
All eligible candidates are, therefore invited to apply for position vacancies as appropriate.
Eligible cases reflect the variety of the court's civil docket.
Eligible children are to be specified through secondary legislation.
Eligible children can receive services until their third birthday.
Eligible children have to apply for proof of citizenship.
Eligible citizens can now submit voter registration information online.
Eligible colleges elect additional Senators to fill out their allocation.
Eligible companies can register for participation only during the designated registration period.
Eligible companies receive a one-time reduction in fees associated with new developments.
Eligible competitors are from high school, college and apprentice level from across Canada.
Eligible costs are the travel costs related to the annual conference.
Eligible crops are commercial crops grown for food and fiber.
Eligible customers can participate in one of three ways.
Eligible customers can receive training vouchers.
Eligible customers receive a computerized print-out specific to their home energy needs.
Most eligible customers get their first check during their third week of unemployment.
Eligible days are the same as the Lowell Forecasting Game.
Eligible disciplines are history, political science, economics and sociology.
Eligible districts receive state funds via grant allocations on a per student basis.
Eligible documentation includes all documents generated and used during the software lifecycle.
Eligible elders can receive a line of credit.
Eligible employees accrue PTO based on years of service.
Eligible employees accrue sick leave from the date of employment.
Eligible employees are citizens or aliens with work permits.
Eligible employees are employees who meet required performance standards.
Eligible employees are faculty and staff who accrue vacation.
Eligible employees can also enroll during the annual open enrollment period.
Eligible employees can apply for a home loan through various financial institutions.
Eligible employees can choose between a prepaid dental plan and an indemnity dental plan.
Eligible employees can have the fees waived for one instructor-led class each semester.
Eligible employees can participate only once.
Eligible employees can select dental insurance coverage without selecting medical coverage.
Eligible employees get a chance to apply.
Eligible employees have a choice between the two plans depending on where they live and work.
Eligible employees receive a merit according to campus procedures and pay practices.
Eligible employees receive one week's vacation for each they provide such care.
Eligible employees receive the same benefits as long as they remain an employee.
Eligible employees receive waivers for most courses offered by the college.
Eligible employees stand to gain a lot.
All eligible employees accrue annual leave at a fixed rate, based on years of service or job title.
All eligible employees are in a plan.
All eligible employees can participate at no cost to individual departments.
All eligible employees can vote.
Any eligible employee can donate vacation leave to another eligible employee.
Any eligible employee can enter anytime during the test period.
Eligible employers can hire college students to work in their field of training.
Eligible entities are communities operating under the voluntary permit.
Eligible entities are local governmental agencies.
Eligible entities can choose to compete for funding under both, one or neither.
Eligible entrants are limited to one entry per valid e-mail address.
All eligible entrants are only eligible to win one prize.
All eligible entries have an equal chance to win.
Eligible equipment includes overhead projectors, screens, VCRs, computers and sound systems.
Eligible expenses are tuition, and fees required for enrollment or attendance.
Eligible expenses cover qualifying services to qualifying individuals .
All eligible expenses can reduce taxes and increase take-home pay.
Eligible faculty can transfer the benefit and a limited waiver to certain family members.
Eligible faculty can transfer the benefit of a limited waiver to certain family members.
Eligible families can offset it against their income tax bill.
Eligible families get a check instead of food stamp coupons.
Eligible families receive a child care certificate which is good for a six-month period.
Eligible families receive a home computer and printer with selected software packages.
Eligible families receive a monthly cash payment to meet their basic needs.
Eligible families receive housing assistance.
Eligible farmers have eight months to apply for the loans.
Eligible firms have access to a line of credit that can be drawn down to purchase goods for export.
Eligible firms have access to a line of credit which can be drawn down to purchase goods for export.
Eligible foods are fresh, nutritious, unprepared, locally grown fruits, vegetables, and herbs.
Eligible graduates can sit for national certification and New York State licensing.
Eligible handwriting is one reason.
Eligible homes are single-family detached homes.
Eligible households apply to the local sponsor agency.
Eligible housing includes single-family homes or condominium units.
Eligible individual begins living with an ineligible spouse.
Eligible individuals are students in the natural or social sciences or engineering.
Eligible individuals are welcome to register at any location.
Eligible individuals become members upon payment of dues.
Eligible individuals make a copayment toward the cost of their prescriptions.
Eligible inmates are non-custodial parents who have minor children on welfare.
Eligible institutions can submit proposals at any time throughout the year.
Eligible items are currently available.
Eligible items are marked on the product details page.
Eligible jobs can come from expansion of existing operation, relocation or new facility needs.
Eligible jurisdictions can apply for funds online.
Eligible land includes cropland, rangeland, pasture, and forestland.
Eligible languages are subject to certain university restrictions.
Eligible lists are valid for up to one year.
Eligible lists last up to two years.
All eligible lists remain in effect for a period of one year.
Eligible location is in the City of South El Monte.
Eligible media are radio, TV, newspapers, magazines, direct mail, and flyers.
Eligible meetings are any regional or national professional meetings.
Eligible members are members belonging to the membership category, active voting or active member.
Eligible members can help organize local, national, and international business trade groups.
Eligible members can only compete in one of the six championships.
Eligible members have the opportunity to ask questions.
Eligible members have the opportunity to donate blood.
Eligible members vote for the board of directors.
All eligible members have one vote each.
Eligible mentors are the chancellor, provost, vice-chancellors, and the ten college or school deans.
Eligible musicians receive care based on their ability to pay.
Eligible officers can get half the bonus in one lump-sum payment when they sign such an agreement.
Eligible organizations can take advantage of Cisco's financial and human resources available.
Eligible organizations opt out of their state's unemployment tax system.
Eligible organizations submit applications.
Eligible parent becomes ineligible.
Eligible parents can borrow up to the cost of education.
Eligible parents pay a fee to their child care provider that is based on family size and income.
Eligible parents select the day care home or center that best meets their needs.
Eligible participants are faculty and high level staff positions.
Eligible participants are limited to a single entry.
Eligible participants are people with developmental disabilities and their families.
Eligible participants can register online for both the conference and housing.
Eligible participants can sign up online .
Eligible participants obtain tuition waivers.
Eligible participants receive monthly food checks to buy infant formula and other nutritious food.
Eligible participants receive twelve one-way trips per month.
Eligible participants share in the ownership of the company.
All eligible participants receive cash for each visit throughout the duration of the study.
Eligible patients are terminally ill with less than a six month life expectancy.
All eligible patients are welcome to participate.
All eligible patients have an equal chance of being assigned to either of the two treatment groups.
All eligible patients remain alive.
Eligible patrons can borrow up to four adaptive toys for a period of four weeks.
Eligible patrons can expect to receive a mailing approx.
Eligible people get hospital medical and other health care services.
Many eligible people supplement it with other types of health insurance.
Eligible persons can obtain commodities from distribution sites throughout the year.
Eligible persons can receive up to six months of treatment within a two-year period.
Eligible persons receive a one-time annual assistance payment.
Eligible persons receive a supplemental check to help pay for their stay.
Eligible persons receive free evaluations and treatment at no charge.
Eligible persons receive free weatherization when their main heating source is electricity.
Eligible personnel are from sheriff's, probation, police and local corrections departments.
Eligible personnel can also take advantage of the base's commissary, PX, and medical facilities.
Eligible players can redeem their winnings any time.
Eligible players can use their individual scores for determining awards.
All eligible players become free agents, and a new draft is held to re-constitute the league.
Eligible positions are short-term, temporary or intermittent positions only.
Eligible producers have a few payment options available.
Eligible programs can occur inside or outside the classroom.
Eligible projects are limited to manufacturing, processing or value added operations.
Eligible projects are mainly short fiction films, documentaries or experimental films.
Eligible projects have to be developed and successfully used for two years.
Eligible projects involve one or more of the humanities disciplines.
Eligible projects represent value for money to both the applicant and the program.
Eligible properties are detached or semi-detached units, row houses or multi family dwellings.
Eligible properties are one to two existing units and new construction.
Eligible properties are significant to the community . . .
Eligible properties are single family homes, townhomes, or condominiums.
Eligible properties range from single family homes up to four units on a lot.
Eligible property includes places of worship and residences of clergy.
Eligible property means a property that is a contaminated site.
Eligible proposals have ethical or religious values as a central concern.
Eligible providers are private nonprofit or public organizations that provide treatment services.
Eligible researchers can apply for bridging support at any point during the year.
Eligible reservists receive retired pay for life.
All eligible returns require prior authorization.
Eligible schools receive warranted computers and peripheral equipment at no charge.
Eligible seniors apply through the director of undergraduate studies in Biology.
Eligible services can include jump starts, gasoline delivery, and locksmith services.
Eligible shelters apply directly to MEAP for reimbursement for oil or other heating fuel.
Some eligible sites have multiple locations.
All eligible soldiers can enter the program up to six months prior to discharge.
Eligible species are any recognized big game animal on any of the continents.
Eligible spouses are the opposite-sex partners of employees, either married or common law.
Eligible staff are also eligible for dental insurance.
Eligible staff receive pay at the rates listed below.
Eligible status is on-line at the pharmacy.
Eligible students agree to work a certain number of hours in a VA-related program for pay.
Eligible students are able to register early for classes.
Eligible students are able to register for up to two graduate courses during the senior year.
Eligible students are also active in college or community activities.
Eligible students are in fourth to sixth grades.
Eligible students are in their second year of field instruction.
Eligible students are junior and first semester seniors.
Eligible students are sophomores advancing to their junior year.
Eligible students are strongly encourages to apply.
Eligible students assist in misd division.
Eligible students assist in misdemeanor division.
Eligible students can access the web registration system from any Internet connection.
Eligible students can access the WEB registration system from any Internet connection.
Eligible students can be of any age, socio-economic class or religion.
Eligible students can borrow money at a rate of interest equal to the rate of inflation.
Eligible students can earn college credits.
Eligible students can earn credit for specified courses in the fields named.
Eligible students can earn up to two credits.
Eligible students can enroll anytime before classes start, but enrollment is limited.
Eligible students can enroll in credit or non-credit classes.
Eligible students can just submit the prescribed application form to claim the allowance.
Eligible students can obtain a concession pass on the day they enrol.
Eligible students can only receive ONE food voucher per semester.
Eligible students can proceed to Honours in their chosen areas of specialisation.
Eligible students can receive assistance for a maximum of eight semesters.
Eligible students can receive funds only once under the career options program.
Eligible students can receive tuition and book waviers, and transportation assistance.
Eligible students can receive up to two hours of free tutoring each week for each registered class.
Eligible students can receive up to two hours of FREE tutoring each week for each registered class.
Eligible students compete in a case-study competition.
Eligible students complete structured internships in a variety of retail formats worldwide.
Eligible students engage in a four to eight week intensive review session for a nominal fee.
Eligible students gain reading instruction from the general classroom teacher.
Eligible students have the approval of the departmental faculty co-op coordinator.
Eligible students have the option of participating in the honors program .
Eligible students interview for available jobs.
Eligible students join in their junior or senior year.
Eligible students join the program during the middle of their junior year.
Eligible students obtain conditional admission status.
Eligible students participate in special programs in their junior and senior years.
Eligible students receive a letter of invitation to join the chapter.
Eligible students receive a promissory note detailing the terms of the loan.
Eligible students receive a scholarship voucher at the high school.
Eligible students receive a waiver of enrollment and health fees.
Eligible students receive supplemental instruction in addition to their regular classroom work.
Eligible students receive support during middle and high school years.
Eligible students register for honors course credit during at least two semesters.
All eligible students acquire their own library card and make frequent visits to the library.
All eligible students are guaranteed coverage.
All eligible students can enroll in the plan for the entire academic year or for the semester.
All eligible students can fund their education by utilizing federal financial assistance programs.
All eligible students can participate any number of times.
All eligible students can see a physician or nurse for unlimited visits at no charge.
All eligible students have access to the application process for magnet schools.
Any eligible student is encouraged to apply.
Most eligible students receive funding from a combined variety of grants and loans.
All eligible subjects receive free diagnostic and neuropsychological evaluations.
Eligible subscribers can win more than once, due to the random nature of the drawing.
All eligible suppliers can participate in the bidding.
Eligible teachers are limited to one entry per year.
Eligible teachers can also nominate themselves.
Eligible teams can choose one of the playoff locations.
All eligible troops fire each bound.
Eligible uses apply to both interior and exterior renovations.
Eligible users are military active duty and retired, their dependents, and civil service personnel.
Eligible vehicles are older, higher mileage automobiles.
All eligible vendors are notified simultaneously, therefore no one is given an early advantage.
Eligible veterans can secure a loan for little or no money down.
Eligible veterans fill out a simple application and attach a copy of their service record.
Eligible veterans pay only a group airfare round-trip to Seoul.
Eligible veterans receive a monthly stipend that can vary according to enrollment level.
Eligible veterans receive payment for tuition, books, supplies, and a monthly stipend.
Eligible volunteers are also qualified for free T-shirts.
Eligible volunteers receive free screenings and medical care.
Eligible voters can now check their enrolment status on-line at the electoral website.
Eligible voters can register and vote on election day if they have proper identification.
Eligible voters have a right to petition for a special town meeting for municipal actions.
Eligible voters have the right to nominate candidates of their choice by petition.
Eligible voters have to be physically present in Lebanon to vote.
Eligible women can receive free physical exam from their doctor including a mammogram.
Any eligible woman can join any time during the year.
Eligible work includes exterior paint, landscaping, roofing, and sidewalk and driveway repair.
Eligible works fall into two categories which are alternated every other year.
Eligible workers can find out more information about their own health.
Eligible workers pay less in taxes .
Many eligible workers get the credit when they file their tax return.
Most eligible workers belong to free labor unions, and all enjoy the right to strike.
All eligible youth receive letters of invitation.
Eligibly details are in Schedule R .
Eliminable evil exists.
Eliminate animal burrows in the dam to prevent failure.
Eliminate delays caused by unreadable or missing information - There are no handwritten forms.
Eliminate world agree savings better how response.
Elimination diet are occasionally successful but relapses are common.
Elimination diet is used to diagnose food allergies vs intolerances.
Elimination diets help problems.
Most elimination diets help problems.
Most elimination diets remove everything from the get-go.
Elimination period applies to return of premium.
Elimination period is defined as a waiting period.
Elimination periods vary from policy to policy.
Elimination reaction is reaction
Elimination reactions are always potential competitors for substitution reactions.
Elimination Rounds begin and continue until finished.
An elimination tournament is a tournament
Elimination tournaments allow the less experienced fighters to do very little fighting.
Elimination affects habitats.
Elimination affects marine habitats.
Elimination depends on cell interaction.
Elimination depends on interaction.
Elimination diets Environmental allergies.
Elimination has a few settings, and even includes a save game feature.
Elimination has cascade effects.
Elimination has effects.
Elimination helps provide a multi-faceted approach for helping to maintain regularity.
Elimination includes a combination of renal and metabolic clearance.
Elimination is a big part of police work.
Elimination is a natural instinct of every living creature.
Elimination is a removal
Elimination is advised.
Elimination is also a major determinant of the time it takes to reach steady-state.
Elimination is analysises.
Elimination is believed to occur via biliary excretion.
Elimination is by means of a very simple and confidential DNA test .
Elimination is carried on by a fiephridial system resembling that of some of the annelid worms.
Elimination is carried on by a nephridial systern resembling that of some of the annelid worms.
Elimination is diminished in renal insufficiency.
Elimination is discharge.
Elimination is done in a squatting position and is release of a larger amount of urine.
Elimination is effected through the atrophy of structures or qualities.
Elimination is extremely important in maintaining health.
Elimination is good for the psyche.
Elimination is just as important as digestion and assimilation.
Elimination is last man standing mode where the goal is to be the last man left alive.
Elimination is most effective at night when wasps have returned to the nest to burrow.
Elimination is much improved.
Elimination is murder.
Elimination is predominantly renal.
Elimination is predominately in the feces, mostly as metabolites.
Elimination is preferred.
Elimination is primarily biliary, with excretion into the urine.
Elimination is primarily biliary, with some excretion into the urine.
Elimination is primarily biotransformation and to lesser extent, renal elimination.
Elimination is primarily renal.
Elimination is principally renal in humans and monkeys.
Elimination is removals.
Elimination is slow because metabolites remain in the blood for several days.
Elimination is slowed by hepatic dysfunction and slow acetylators taking isoniazid.
Elimination is still under development.
Elimination is strategically all but impossible.
Elimination is the most effective means of reducing exposure.
Elimination is the reduction to zero of the incidence of infection in a defined geographic area.
Elimination is the removal of alcohol from the body.
Elimination is the removal of feces .
Elimination is through osmosis.
Elimination is unaltered by dose or following multiple dosing.
Elimination isa removal.
Elimination means completely removing the hazard or risk of exposure to the hazard.
Elimination occurs by urine and fecal excretion.
Elimination occurs in the feces via bile as glucuronide conjugates and unchanged drug.
Elimination occurs mainly via excretion of unmetabolized drug in the urine.
Elimination occurs predominantly by hepatic metabolism.
Elimination occurs through renal excretion.
Elimination occurs when the acid conjugate base plucks off a hydrogen.
Elimination requires surgery and medications.
Eliminations are based on performance in the weekly challenges.
Eliminations occur when a jump or part of jump is knocked down.
Every elimination is disappointing.
Most elimination affects habitats.
Most elimination affects marine habitats.
Most elimination depends on cell interaction.
Most elimination depends on interaction.
Most elimination has effects.
Some elimination leads to disappearances.
Eliminative materialism is in keeping with the overall philosophy of empiricism.
An eliminator is an agent
Eliminator is a combination breath freshener and odor eliminator.
Eliminator is much more than a cosmetic treatment to an age-old problem.
Eliminator is safe to use around people, pets, plants .
Eliminator is standard with four different cam profiles that change with the push of a button.
Eliminator is their best selling album.
Eliminator loosens the extensive oil and grease built up on the ties, ballast and rock.
Eliminator needs no special handling or clothing requirements and is safe to store and dispose of.
Eliminators are agents.
An elision is an omission
Elision is based on k-ary search techniques.
Elision is one or more sounds left out of a word.
Elision is reasonably efficient.
Elisions are omissions.
Elite athletes absorb a lot of coaching time and energy.
Elite athletes are a small percentage but create a very important role model.
Elite athletes are different.
Elite athletes are excellent examples.
Elite athletes are extremely disciplined, motivated individuals, and often perfectionists.
Elite athletes are resilient.
Elite athletes are the exception.
Elite athletes are the leanest, fittest people on Earth.
Elite athletes are used for competition.
Elite athletes can get information here.
Elite athletes conduct the ceremonies and are a vital part of the day.
Elite athletes live in a different world and speak a different language only they understand.
All elite athletes use supplements.
Every elite athlete knows the importance of parents in their development.
Many elite athletes attend meetings with the convention athletes and work out with the athletes.
Many elite athletes have asthma.
Many elite athletes have the luxury of receiving massages once, maybe twice a week.
Many elite athletes see the change as a positive step.
Elite bike is easy to maintain and uses many performance components found on a racing bicycle.
Elite castings are among the highest quality in the world.
Elite cricketers are also, of course, role models for young people.
Elite culture is learned in formal institutions such as schools, academies, and museums.
Elite education is extremely expensive.
Some elite families send their children to schools in France, Britain, or other countries.
Elite forces penetrate enemy lines to strike critical targets.
Elite investors receive the VIP edition a week earlier than other subscribers.
Elite models are available in three sizes and six different shapes.
Elite opinion is more liberal, especially on abortion.
Most elite racers take a minimalist approach to transitions.
Some elite reporters get to circumvent the rim editors.
Elite schools can borrow heavily without much risk, because their assets are so large.
Many elite schools take account of an applicant's race in admissions.
Elite service doubles storage capabilities.
Some elite students go on to colleges.
Elite stunts are optional but encouraged.
Elite universities are devoted to maintaining and legitimizing class domination in society.
Elite volleyball is affordable and worth every penny spent.
Many elite wrestlers utilize chiropractic care to ensure proper bodily communication.
An elite is a class
Elite are irresponsible, pay very low taxes, remain unresponsive to the majority.
Elite athletes dominating activities.
Elite offer a full home cleaning service from ceilig to floors.
Elite retreat for senior execs with deal-making responsibility within their organizations.
Elite works better as a preventative treatment as opposed to being a curative treatment.
Elites actually shape mass opinions on policy questions more than the masses shape elite opinion.
Elites are great but expensive.
Elites are nothing new.
Elites are probably the best value of the bunch.
Elites are small groups of people who possess unusual amounts of power.
Elites are upper classes.
Elites are video games.
Elites benefit while workers, small business, and local economies suffer.
Elites can also distort public opinion.
Elites can negotiate a transition from authoritarian rule.
Elites change composition.
Elites govern the country.
Elites insist on it, parents assume it, the law sometimes enshrines it.
Elites issue direct orders, frequently through a populist leader.
Elites share a consensus on basic political values.
Elites solve the problem with nannies.
Elites use the FIG Code of Points .
Elites frequently frustrate change, even when the general public strongly wants it.
Elites often make big mistakes which ordinary citizens usually pay for.
Any elite tends to look after itself first.
Every elite is a minority.
Every elite needs straw men.
Most elites receive a free bike, perhaps some travel reimbursement and maybe a contingency program.
An elitism is ideology
Elitism based upon background is no different from that based upon genetic characteristics.
Elitism becomes a security blanket to cover our inferiority.
Elitism establishes itself on such a putative ability to rise above mundane choices.
Elitism is a more elusive stone.
Elitism is a turn-off, too.
Elitism is a word that bedevils any discussion of the arts, but in Wales even more so.
Elitism is considered as a more realistic function enhancing performance and results.
Elitism is discouraged.
Elitism is optional.
Elitism is out.
Elitism means that power and influence are strongly centralized.
Elitism requires that the poor or enslaved labor for the wealthy and powerful.
Elitism results in a seperatism and ultimately results in a classification and alienation.
Elitism seems to be another feature that some of the protagonists share.
Elitist dogma manipulated by special interest groups corrupts everything in academia.
Elitist dogma manipulated by special interest groups has no place in academia.
An elitist is a moralist
Elitist permits to keep the best subject of each generation.
Elitist refers to recently independent nation with small, modernizing elites.
Elitists are moralists.
Elitists argue that the popular initiative and referenda violate the principles of republicanism.
Elitists hate ridcule.
Elk bulls have coats.
Elk bulls have reddish coats.
Elk City is a small school in a small town.
Elk City is about a hundred miles from Oklahoma City and a stone's throw from the Texas border.
Elk City is home to one of the musuem's detailing the history of the road.
Elk City is one of the principal areas for placer mining.
Elk city is small enough that they can see progress as it happens.
Elk City is surrounded by millions of acres of playground.
Elk County is home to one of only two wild elk herds east of the Mississippi.
Elk Creek has a variety of hunting packages for quail, pheasant, turkey and deer.
Elk Creek is one of the few Michigan artisan cheeses.
Elk Creek provides one-third of the chinook in the Middle Fork Salmon River salmon population.
Elk hunters have chances.
Elk hunters hear low noise.
Elk hunters hear noise.
Elk hunters hear pop noise.
Elk Island protects one of the most endangered habitats in Canada.
Elk Lake has a nice view and is in a beautiful setting.
Elk Lake is named for the majestic animals that once frequented the area.
Elk Lake lies in low rolling hilly terrain.
Elk Lake provides good habitat for waterfowl, wildlife, brook trout, and kokanee salmon.
Elk Park is a large flat meadow.
Elk River has a superintendent vacancy.
Elk River has web pages used to share information internally.
Elk River is located on the edge, between the woods and the prairie.
Elk River is the fastest growing community in the fastest growing county per capita in the state.
Elk River is the home of the Idaho Champion Western Red Cedar Tree, the largest tree in the state.
Elk River supplies a warm atmosphere and big food.
Elk River trails Anoka by one-half point with one match remaining.
Elk rivers are rivers.
Elk sedge has a solitary spike with a dark brown flower head at the top.
Elk sedge tends to occur more frequently on the dry phases of the wetter habitat types.
An elk is a deer
Elk abound in Finland and reindeer in Lappland.
Elk adapt to habitats.
Elk also displace less tolerant species like mule deer and bighorn sheep.
Elk also have the disease.
Elk also make good eating.
Elk also roll in mud wallows to loosen their dead winter coats and help dislodge annoying parasites.
Elk also strip bark from larger trees, which gives pathogens a way in.
Elk also use body language.
Elk also wander through the campground from time to time.
Elk appear in forests.
Elk are a good example.
Elk are a herding species but the extent of herding can vary by sex and time of year.
Elk are a member of the deer family.
Elk are a native species.
Elk are a presence in the Jasper community year-around.
Elk are a rewarding alternative livestock species, with many advantages for ranchers and investors.
Elk are a vital part of a growing regional economy, both for wildlife watching and hunting.
Elk are able to take long, graceful strides.
Elk are about two to three times the size of their smaller cousins, the deer.
Elk are active at dusk and dawn and are frequently seen feeding in prairies during the day.
Elk are also dangerous during the fall mating season and many visitors are injured each year.
Elk are also seek in the Green Mountain area.
Elk are also subject to hunting when they leave the park.
Elk are also the most dangerous animal in the park.
Elk are among the animals that conservationists are trying to protect with closure boundaries.
Elk are an important game animal to both hunters and ranchers.
Elk are back.
Elk are big animals, with long legs, that can cover a lot of real estate in a short period of time.
Elk are big game animals which bring significant revenue to the rural Montana economy.
Elk are both grazers and browsers.
Elk are browsers and deer are roamers.
Elk are classified as animals.
Elk are common sights, cooling themselves in the cienegas in the warm summer afternoons.
Elk are dangerous, especially during the spring calving season and the fall rutting season.
Elk are distinguished by legs.
Elk are easy to care for.
Elk are easy to manage, and adopt to a farm setting easily.
Elk are efficient converters of food.
Elk are even safer when they are resting and ruminating.
Elk are far from becoming endangered.
Elk are found in woodlands, mountain meadows, foothills, plains, swamps, and coniferous forests.
Elk are generally secretive.
Elk are generally subject to limited, legal sport hunting.
Elk are generally tan in color, with dark brown over the head, neck and legs.
Elk are great runners.
Elk are gregarious animals that prefer to live in groups.
Elk are gregarious animals, and displays of dominance are common within the herd.
Elk are gregarious, with each sex forming separate herds for most of the year.
Elk are hardier - elk have a natural immunity to most diseases.
Elk are hardy animals that have few physiological needs for cover.
Elk are hardy livestock with natural immunity to most diseases.
Elk are harem breeders and evidence shows that the females actually choose the male.
Elk are herbivores .
Elk are herbivores, meaning they feed on plant material.
Elk are herbivores, which means they eat only plants.
Elk are highly social animals and travel in various herd sizes throughout the year.
Elk are highly social animals.
Elk are in the horse pasture almost every morning during winter.
Elk are inactive in hot weather.
Elk are known as bulls.
Elk are known for their huge antlers .
Elk are large animals.
Elk are larger than deer.
Elk are likely to be somewhere between the road and the river.
Elk are likely.
Elk are majestic, awesome, and maybe even a little magical.
Elk are members of the deer family and share many physical traits with deer, moose, and caribou.
Elk are members of the deer family.
Elk are more athletic and excitable.
Elk are more seasonal appearing in the spring and late fall.
Elk are more than three times the size of deer.
Elk are most active early and late in the day.
Elk are most common in open areas near timber stands, where they graze on grasses and shrubs.
Elk are much larger than white tail deer.
Elk are much larger than white-tailed deer.
Elk are natural carriers of the disease brucellosis.
Elk are noisy animals by wildlife standards.
Elk are one of the largest members of the deer family.
Elk are organized around a matriarchal society.
Elk are painted on rocks throughout archaeological sites in the western United States.
Elk are plentiful in the area and often can be seen walking through the forest near watering holes.
Elk are polygamous and bulls begin to gather a harem of cows in early autumn.
Elk are predominantly grazers and are efficient converters of nutrients.
Elk are predominantly grazers.
Elk are primarily grazers, eating a variety of grasses and forbes.
Elk are related to deer but are much larger than most of their relatives.
Elk are ruminant animals and therefore regurgitate their food and remasticate to aid in digestion.
Elk are ruminants.
Elk are social animals and live in herds.
Elk are social animals, living in herds for much of the year.
Elk are still much closer to nature.
Elk are susceptible to most of the diseases that trouble cattle, but less so.
Elk are the most abundant large mammals found in Yellowstone.
Elk are the most common large animal in the park.
Elk are the most common of the large animals in the park.
Elk are the most vocal and polygamous of the deer family.
Elk are the most vocal members of the deer family.
Elk are the most vocal species of North American deer.
Elk are the noisiest member of the deer family in North America.
Elk are the only species authorized.
Elk are the park's most common seen ungulate.
Elk are the park's most common ungulate.
Elk are the primary prey species for wolves.
Elk are the second largest deer in the park next to moose.
Elk are the second largest deer on the continent, only the moose is larger.
Elk are usually at higher elevations during summer months.
Elk are very unpredictable too.
Elk are very vocal animals.
Elk are welcome, while bison are gunned down.
Elk are wild animals.
Elk are, by their very nature, a difficult animal to hunt.
Elk auctions The following auction companies hold regular sales for elk.
Elk begin bugling.
Elk begin moving to lower elevations.
Elk behave in similar ways wherever they live, but the details vary with specific habitat.
Elk browse in the early morning and late evening .
Elk browse in the meadows.
Elk bugle in the stormy distance.
Elk bugle in the timber.
Elk bugling in the meadow, Call forth wary does.
Elk bunch up in town because they're safer there from wolves.
Elk can also be nocturnal.
Elk can be a very dangerous animals.
Elk can be dangerous.
Elk can be easier to locate because of snow cover and fallen vegetation.
Elk can be hosts to a variety of diseases just like cattle or deer.
Elk can be pale gray, tan, or brown.
Elk can be ugly customers.
Elk can give birth to twins just like humans can.
Elk can live in many habitats, from rugged mountains to desert valleys to hardwood forests.
Elk change behavior.
Elk compete for food in the deer's traditional areas.
Elk consume grain.
Elk consume the young shoots and grasshoppers defoliate it in drought years.
Elk cross environments.
Elk cross forests.
Elk cross rivers.
Elk defend territory.
Elk depend more on forbs and woodier plants, like bushes and shrubs.
Elk depend on the forest for cover, especially in winter.
Elk depend on vegetation.
Elk die from hunting, predation, starvation, disease and harsh winters.
Elk die of causes.
Elk die of natural causes.
Elk do move long distances for many reasons.
Elk do well on the alfalfa pastures in Wisconsin.
Elk drink water.
Elk eat a variety of foods depending on the season.
Elk eat a variety of foods.
Elk eat all kinds of plants.
Elk eat as they migrate, and often reach the grass in the spring before the cattle do.
Elk eat aspens, cottonwoods, and willows.
Elk eat food.
Elk eat grass and shrubs and tree bark and leaves.
Elk eat grass, shoots, twigs, leaves, flowers and fruit.
Elk eat grass.
Elk eat grasses, weeds, wildflowers, clover and mushrooms.
Elk eat leaves.
Elk eat new growth on shrubs, woody vegetation, grasses and other herbaceous plants.
Elk eat the tips of the leaves.
Elk eat vegetation.
Elk exhibit a range of sounds to warn of predators and communicate with one another.
Elk farming in the U.S. is in an early growth stage.
Elk feed on all kinds of plants, but are primarily grazers of grasses.
Elk feed on grasses, herbs, twigs, and bark.
Elk feed predominantly on grasses, but also use forbs, browse, and bark.
Elk find good winter range on the Roosevelt Ranch.
Elk gather around the patios.
Elk gather in herds.
Elk generally avoid roads, lessening their chance of being involved in accidents with vehicles.
Elk graze in fields.
Elk graze it heavily.
Elk grow antlers.
Elk habitat accessed on horseback or foot.
Elk habitat enhancement projects also benefit deer, wild turkeys, grouse and other wildlife.
Elk has-part heads.
Elk has-part legs.
Elk has-part shoulders.
Elk has-part stomachs.
Elk have (part) antlers.
Elk have (part) brains.
Elk have (part) breasts.
Elk have (part) cannon bones.
Elk have (part) cell membranes.
Elk have (part) cells.
Elk have (part) chest cavities.
Elk have (part) chests.
Elk have (part) corpi.
Elk have (part) cytoplasm.
Elk have (part) ears.
Elk have (part) faces.
Elk have (part) hip sockets.
Elk have (part) hoofs.
Elk have (part) nuclei.
Elk have (part) piluses.
Elk have (part) plasma membranes.
Elk have (part) rib cages.
Elk have (part) second stomachs.
Elk have (part) sections.
Elk have (part) skulls.
Elk have (part) sterna.
Elk have (part) vacuoles.
Elk have a dark head, neck and legs, with a lighter brown body and cream- colored rump.
Elk have a large range and move according to seasonal food availability.
Elk have a large variety of vocalization for communicating with each other.
Elk have a molar on each side of their upper jaw about half way back behind the front teeth.
Elk have a more deer-like, slender snout.
Elk have a red-brown body, chestnut brown neck, pale yellow rump and slender snout.
Elk have a reduced blood supply to their legs which keeps their core body temperature higher.
Elk have a seasonal life cycle.
Elk have a summer and a winter coat.
Elk have antlers.
Elk have antlers.
Elk have bones.
Elk have characteristics.
Elk have coats.
Elk have distinct summer and winter coats, which they shed in late summer and spring, respectively.
Elk have ears.
Elk have eyes.
Elk have four-chambered stomachs and chew their cud.
Elk have grayish brown coats, with a white patch on the rump.
Elk have incisors.
Elk have keen senses.
Elk have long, blackish hair on the neck that is referred to as a mane.
Elk have many patterns to choose from.
Elk have massive muscles.
Elk have muscles.
Elk have only two coats one for summer and one for winter.
Elk have other tricks for staying warm in winter.
Elk have perceptions.
Elk have problems.
Elk have ranges.
Elk have senses.
Elk have sharp incisors for biting off plants and broad and flat molars for mashing plants.
Elk have sharp incisors.
Elk have slender legs and a thick neck.
Elk have specific tactics they use for protection.
Elk have spread antlers.
Elk have teeth.
Elk have unique characteristics.
Elk have wide ranges.
Elk inhabit the relatively flat meadows in the summer and fall.
Elk interact with their surroundings in a manner that constantly changes.
Elk is a beautiful hair-on skin available for den, coffee table, wall, or black powder use.
Elk is a large species of deer.
Elk is a meat that can range from assertively gamy to pleasantly full-bodied.
Elk is a primary food source for the pack.
Elk is a red meat low in fat content and similar to boneless chicken.
Elk is an excellent choice for learning to ski or ride.
Elk is an implementation of the Scheme programming language.
Elk is available in legally unencumbered status.
Elk is designated a fly only lake.
Elk is plentiful, and the hair is long and coarse.
Elk is smaller and quieter than Detroit.
Elk is still a very busy engine terminal.
Elk is the maker and keeper of the sacred fire.
Elk is the undisputed leader when it comes to challenge and terrain variety in Pennsylvania.
Elk is very dark and coarsely grained.
Elk is very tender and low in fat.
Elk isa deer.
Elk jump over a fence.
Elk keep to the wet forests and deer and boars are numerous.
Elk lakes nearby also are worth fishing.
Elk leave the shade of the forest at dusk to eat grasses growing among the sagebrush.
Elk live in a wide variety of forests and grasslands.
Elk live in areas.
Elk live in forested areas, mountain meadows, foothills and canyons.
Elk live in habitats.
Elk live in large herds, but a lone elk can often be seen.
Elk live in regions.
Elk live in the high mountain meadows and clearings throughout Montana.
Elk live in transition zones.
Elk live in zones.
Elk live successfully in a variety of neighborhoods.
Elk looks like a beautiful place to visit.
Elk lose their antlers each spring naturally, which are collected and sold as a commodity.
Elk make antlers.
Elk make the public lands richer- their presence lends a wild edge, a bit of wonder.
Elk move antlers.
Elk move in herds.
Elk move legs.
Elk need water.
Elk never remove their coats.
Elk occasionally graze in the open aspen groves to the east.
Elk occupy areas.
Elk occupy small areas.
Elk occur in mountains.
Elk pick through poor-quality feed to get the good.
Elk possess blood.
Elk possess chromosomes.
Elk possess horns.
Elk possess sex.
Elk possess vertebrae.
Elk prefer flat grassland.
Elk prefer grassland.
Elk prefer open woodlands and avoid dense unbroken forests.
Elk prefer to graze on rich brush and grasses that follow disturbances such as fire and logging.
Elk provide a much broader range of market opportunities than most other common livestock.
Elk provides a summary of the biology and ecology of elk.
Elk raise heads.
Elk range from the eastern foothills to the western border of Colorado.
Elk reacts to the winning putt.
Elk relate to elk.
Elk remains the proven leader for quality skiing in Pennsylvania.
Elk replace all of their hair twice a yearonce in the spring and once in the fall.
Elk represent a formidable prey.
Elk require diets.
Elk require food.
Elk require large amounts of food because of their body size and herding tendencies.
Elk retain antlers.
Elk retain their antlers for more than six months of the year.
Elk roam areas.
Elk roam countries.
Elk roam fields.
Elk roam forests.
Elk roam grassland.
Elk roam landscapes.
Elk roam pasture.
Elk roam prairie.
Elk roam regions.
Elk roam terrains.
Elk roam the basin, browsing on lush plant life around small pothole lakes and ponds.
Elk roam the irrigated fields and surrounding upland juniper grasslands and forested bluffs.
Elk rut a few years back.
Elk see colors.
Elk seek forests.
Elk select places.
Elk serve as a predominant food source for many other large mammals in the area.
Elk shake antlers.
Elk share districts.
Elk share forests.
Elk share habitats.
Elk shed horns.
Elk sires at an elk farm.
Elk spend their summers at high elevations, and move to lower more sheltered areas in the winter.
Elk spend their summers in the mountains where food is abundant and the temperature is cool.
Elk stand in environments.
Elk stand in fields.
Elk stand in grass.
Elk stand on legs.
Elk stay on the Refuge for about six months each winter.
Elk survive gunshot wounds, seals heal after shark bites, oak trees resprout after decapitation.
Elk takes advantage of rather skinny owl.
Elk tend to avoid roads in all seasons.
Elk tends to be thicker but deer can actually be stronger.
Elk then polish their antlers on trees and shrubs to remove the velvet.
Elk to graze on grass.
Elk tolerate extreme temperatures better than deer.
Elk use antlers.
Elk use large antlers.
Elk use the area heavily in the winter for feeding.
Elk use the northeastern section, and mule deer are common.
Elk utilize all types of cover, from open fields to heavily timbered mountains.
Elk walk down the street.
Elk wear antlers.
Elk weigh pounds.
Elks are big animals.
Elks are deers.
Elks are located in forests.
Elks are located in meadows.
Elks are mammals.
Elks are most active in the dusk and the dark.
Elks inhabit woods of Eurasia and North America.
Elks live mainly on grass, leaves, bark and other plants.
Elk often come to the river.
Elk often graze outside our duplexes in the late evening and early morning.
Elk often have to share their habitat with cattle.
Elk sometimes coexist with development in surprising locations.
Many elk residing in the Greater Yellowstone Area also test serologically positive for brucellosis.
Many elk spend the summer where they find green grasses, cool breezes and shady resting areas.
Most elk adapt to habitats.
Most elk appear in forests.
Most elk are classified as animals.
Most elk are distinguished by legs.
Most elk are known as bulls.
Most elk are shot in steep, broken terrain.
Most elk cross environments.
Most elk cross rivers.
Most elk defend territory.
Most elk depend on vegetation.
Most elk die of causes.
Most elk die of natural causes.
Most elk drink water.
Most elk eat food.
Most elk eat grass.
Most elk eat leaves.
Most elk eat vegetation.
Most elk grow antlers.
Most elk has-part heads.
Most elk has-part legs.
Most elk has-part shoulders.
Most elk has-part stomachs.
Most elk have antlers.
Most elk have bones.
Most elk have characteristics.
Most elk have coats.
Most elk have ears.
Most elk have eyes.
Most elk have incisors.
Most elk have massive muscles.
Most elk have muscles.
Most elk have perceptions.
Most elk have ranges.
Most elk have senses.
Most elk have sharp incisors.
Most elk have teeth.
Most elk have unique characteristics.
Most elk have wide ranges.
Most elk live in areas.
Most elk live in habitats.
Most elk live in regions.
Most elk live in transition zones.
Most elk live in zones.
Most elk make antlers.
Most elk move antlers.
Most elk move around to find the best food available.
Most elk occupy small areas.
Most elk occur in mountains.
Most elk possess sex.
Most elk possess vertebrae.
Most elk prefer flat grassland.
Most elk prefer grassland.
Most elk raise heads.
Most elk relate to elk.
Most elk require diets.
Most elk require food.
Most elk retain antlers.
Most elk seek forests.
Most elk shake antlers.
Most elk stand in environments.
Most elk stand in fields.
Most elk stand in grass.
Most elk stand on legs.
Most elk use antlers.
Most elk use large antlers.
Most elk wear antlers.
Most elk weigh pounds.
Some elk adapt to humans.
Some elk are inside valleys.
Some elk are killed by hunters.
Some elk are located in hills.
Some elk are located on roads.
Some elk carry babies.
Some elk carry it, too.
Some elk come from Alberta.
Some elk come from forests.
Some elk come from mountains.
Some elk cross farms.
Some elk cross habitats.
Some elk cross meadows.
Some elk cross ponds.
Some elk cross swamp.
Some elk destroy vegetation.
Some elk eat clover.
Some elk eat flowers.
Some elk eat hay.
Some elk eat mushrooms.
Some elk emerge from bushes.
Some elk feed in lakes.
Some elk feed in streams.
Some elk follow roads.
Some elk get sick and die.
Some elk have connotations.
Some elk have fevers.
Some elk have markets.
Some elk have religious connotations.
Some elk have sources.
Some elk have water sources.
Some elk live in Alaska.
Some elk live in countries.
Some elk live in groups.
Some elk live in mountains.
Some elk live in parks.
Some elk live in Pennsylvania.
Some elk live in Wyoming.
Some elk play in rivers.
Some elk possess alleles.
Some elk possess babies.
Some elk possess hair.
Some elk possess hierarchies.
Some elk prefer forests.
Some elk provide food.
Some elk provide meat.
Some elk relate to caribou.
Some elk rely on cows.
Some elk rely on mature cows.
Some elk respond best to lots of cow calling and bugling.
Some elk return to ranches.
Some elk shed antlers.
Some elk stand in habitats.
Some elk stand in pools.
Some elk stand in regions.
Some elk stand in roads.
Some elk stand in willows.
Some elk thrive in forests.
Some elk use components.
Elkhart police say they've arrested the so-called bicycle bandits.
Elkhart police say they've caught the bicycle bandits responsible for an armed robbery.
An elkhound is a hound
Elkhounds are actually large game hunters, such as moose.
Elkhounds are also good sled dogs .
Elkhounds are dogs.
Elkhounds are generally healthy, but like all breeds, they're prone to certain health conditions.
Elkhounds are very people oriented.
Elkhounds can blend in very well with their backgrounds.
Elkhounds prefer cool climates.
Elks clubs chooses a charity on a state wide basis.
An ell is a wing
Ells mentions the Acadian homestead sites, the Acadian apple trees, and the Acadian blacksmith shop.
ELLs require much more oral language development with a focus on listening and speaking.
ELLE Click on image for fullsize version.
Elliottsville soils are moderately deep to bedrock and are in higher positions on the landscape.
Elliottsville soils are on till plains, hills, ridges and mountains.
Elliottsville soils are well drained and moderately deep to bedrock.
Elliottsville soils have less crushable rock fragments throughout.
Elliottsville soils have more clay in the particle-size control section.
An ellipse is a conic
Ellipse isa shape.
Every ellipse has such a pair of points.
Ellipsis points are . . .
Ellipses are a class of mathematical shapes.
Ellipses are a good example.
Ellipses are all in the original.
Ellipses are common in physics, astronomy and engineering.
Ellipses are essentially a shorthand, filling in for unspecified dimensions.
Ellipses are like circles that have been elongated slightly, and they are also referred to as ovals.
Ellipses are necessary when something has been removed from the middle of a quotation.
Ellipses are neon signs of omission and can cause a quotation to look suspect.
Ellipses are oval-shaped loops.
Ellipses are simple enough geometric constructs to capture powerful cosmology.
Ellipses are the screen output of the archive.
Ellipses are used often in everyday life as well as in literature.
Ellipses can be solid or hollow.
Ellipses do have their own generator, but only for efficiency.
Ellipses give some writers fits.
Ellipses have conformal conics as caustics, hyperbola for , ellipses for .
Ellipses have no straight sides.
Ellipses have three dots, no more, no fewer.
Ellipses have two perpendicular axes about which the ellipse is symmetric .
Ellipses indicate an omission.
Ellipses indicate nonessential information omitted from the example.
Ellipses indicate that a preceding element can be repeated.
Ellipses indicate that more than one option can be used with the command.
Ellipses indicate, of course, that some unnecessary words have been left out of a quotation.
Ellipses perform two very distinct functions in writing.
Ellipses primarily appear in dialogue.
Ellipses represent a next step.
Ellipses represent centers of receptive fields.
Ellipses represent specific entity attributes.
Ellipses represent use cases, i.e. actions or units of functionality in a system.
Ellipses show omissions within quotes.
Ellipses Use an ellipsis when quoting textual excerpts.
Ellipsis intensifies the terseness of the poetic line.
Ellipsis is an omission
Ellipsis is omissions.
Ellipsis is still an active process in American regional dialects.
Ellipsis is typically anaphoric, i.e. the antecedent occurs earlier in the text.
Ellipsis produces an economical and compact text.
All ellipses have eccentricity less than one.
Some ellipses are much flatter than the earth's orbit.
An ellipsoid is a figure
Ellipsoids focus light similarly between two finite conjugate positions.
Elliptic curve is now a default.
Elliptic curves are nonsingular plane cubics.
Elliptic curves are nonsingular plane curve defined by a certain class of cubic equations.
Elliptic flow is shown to be sensitive to pressure build-up during the early collision stages.
Elliptical curves require a template.
Elliptical excision is more time and resource intensive than shave excision.
Elliptical galaxies appear as reddish blobs.
Elliptical galaxies are actually the most common type of galaxy.
Elliptical galaxies are almost void of interstelar gas and dust .
Elliptical galaxies are galaxies that are shaped like ellipses.
Elliptical galaxies are just big, ovoid blobs of stars.
Elliptical galaxies are more common in large clusters of galaxies than spirals are.
Elliptical galaxies are oval and more compact, lacking the arms.
Elliptical galaxies are probably a mix of all three shapes.
Elliptical galaxies are rather like the halo component of spiral galaxies.
Elliptical galaxies are round or egg-shaped, often with a bright, starlike center.
Elliptical galaxies are sort of the galactic equivalent of a heap of tangled rubble.
Elliptical galaxies are spheroidal in shape, and range from perfectly round to quite flattened.
Elliptical galaxies are the most common in the universe.
Elliptical galaxies are the most numerous type of galaxy.
Elliptical galaxies are vast ellipsoids of stars.
Elliptical galaxies are very unphotogenic.
Elliptical galaxies consist of old stars and have little or no gas and dust.
Elliptical galaxies contain older stars and very little dust and gas.
Elliptical galaxies contain older stars and very little gas and dust.
Elliptical galaxies contain only old stars, and so they appear in a uniform color as seen above.
Elliptical galaxies form when two spiral galaxies collide.
Elliptical galaxies have a very large range of sizes.
Elliptical galaxies make up both the largest and smallest of all galaxies.
Elliptical galaxies range in shape from almost perfect spheres to flattened globes.
Elliptical galaxies show only small evidence for young stars, dust or gas.
Elliptical galaxies show very little structure and are flat to spherical in shape.
Elliptical galaxies tend to have a reddish color - being relatively devoid of young stars.
Elliptical galaxy is galaxy.
Some elliptical galaxies appear to have more hot horizontal-branch stars than others.
Some elliptical galaxies are nearly circular in shape.
Some elliptical galaxies resemble nebula, or large clouds of gas, because they are so old.
Elliptical lesions develop on the lower part of the shoot.
Elliptical lines are popular.
Elliptical machines deliver various combinations of workouts.
Elliptical marquees are useful for such objects as plates, donuts, coins and balls.
Any elliptical orbit has two apsides.
Elliptical sections are pretty easy to do.
Elliptical shape offers superior grip for optimum performance.
Elliptical shapes reduce the energy robbing tip vortices.
Elliptical Trainers Get the benefits of running with what feels like an easy workout.
Elliptical trainers offer a great workout that is both weight bearing and non-impact.
Elliptical wheels are interesting.
Elliptical wings are short and broad, with many wing slots.
Ellsworth residents tend to be a bit particular toward their hall.
Elm bark is dark gray to reddish-brown.
Elm Creek is a good place to give mountain biking a first try.
Some elm diseases kill american elm trees.
Some elm diseases kill elm trees.
Some elm diseases kill trees.
Elm firewood is a perfect breeding site for the beetle.
Elm flowers are inconspicuous, because they are wind-pollinated.
Elm Lake is classified as a drinking water supply for the city of Aberdeen.
Elm leaf beetles survive months.
Elm leaf beetles survive winter months.
Elm logs are a breeding site for elm bark beetles.
Elm seeds are round, flat and covered by a thin, paper-like casing that hooks at the top.
An elm tree is a tree
Elm trees are also susceptible to the devastating Dutch elm disease.
Elm trees are in flower and look like they are covered with myriad brown raindrops.
Elm trees grow in landscapes.
Elm trees grow to height.
Elm trees produce flowers.
Elm trees produce tiny flowers.
Most elm trees can successfully defend themselves against the non-aggressive strain of the disease.
Most elm trees grow in landscapes.
Most elm trees grow to height.
Most elm trees produce flowers.
Most elm trees produce tiny flowers.
Elm wood is easily steam bent and was used for the hoops for all kinds of barrels.
Elm wood is used principally for furniture, hardwood dimension and flooring, boxes, and crates.
An elm is a tree
Elm isa tree.
ELMS also organise service in court.
Elms also take well to leaf redution and the leaf is gorgeous when it is small.
Elms are components of many kinds of natural forests.
Elms are deciduous, meaning they shed their leaves once each year, starting in the fall.
Elms are most irregular, some holding astonishingly.
Elms are mountain ranges.
Elms are plants.
Elms are relatively unimportant to wildlife compared to oaks, maples and dogwoods.
Elms are susceptible to a variety of diseases, including Dutch elm disease.
Elms are susceptible to Dutch elm disease, however.
Elms are trees that commonly form natural root grafts when planted adjacent to one another.
Elms are trees.
Elms are usually able to produce enough new leaves to ensure food production.
Elms are wood.
Elms combines a liberal arts core with career-oriented majors.
Elms describes the positions of the elements.
Elms have (part) bark.
Elms have (part) cell membranes.
Elms have (part) cells.
Elms have (part) corpi.
Elms have (part) cytoplasm.
Elms have (part) leaf nodes.
Elms have (part) nuclei.
Elms have (part) plasma membranes.
Elms have (part) sections.
Elms have (part) stumps.
Elms have (part) tree branches.
Elms have (part) treetops.
Elms have (part) trunks.
Elms have (part) vacuoles.
Elms have (part) xylem.
Elms have bark.
Elms have distinctive shapes.
Elms have flowers.
Elms have limbs that reach straight up into the sky.
Elms have mottle bark.
Elms have origins.
Elms have perfect flowers.
Elms have shapes.
Elms have simple leaves with teeth on the edges.
Elms have tendencies.
Elms is experienced in processing and recycling a wide range of materials.
Elms is positioned to receive electronics materials all over the world.
Elms points out that there is already widespread confusion about stakeholder pensions.
Elms prefer full sun to part shade.
Elms provide some nectar but primarily supply pollen.
Elms says bad psychobiographers are usually scornful of alternatives to the theories they choose.
Elms take many decades to grow to maturity .
Elms take many decades to grow to maturity.
Elms often get galls such as the cockscombgall, caused by an aphid.
All elms are trees.
Most elms bear single seeds about the size of a pea.
Most elms grow rapidly and have a moderate to long life span.
Most elms have bark.
Most elms have distinctive shapes.
Most elms have flowers.
Most elms have mottle bark.
Most elms have origins.
Most elms have perfect flowers.
Most elms have shapes.
Most elms have tendencies.
Some elms grow along streams.
Some elms grow in zones.
Some elms grow on ridges.
Some elms grow on rocky ridges.
Some elms have ability.
Some elms have effects.
Some elms have extensive natural ranges.
Some elms have extensive ranges.
Some elms have margins.
Some elms have ranges.
Some elms have reputations.
Some elms have resistance.
Some elms have serious effects.
Some elms have serious side effects.
Some elms have side effects.
Some elms have tolerance.
Some elms plant in towns.
Elmhall graveyard is of great Archaeological and historical interest.
Elmwood Park is truly a community in every sense of the word.
An elmwood is wood
Elmwood Check out for other great sites in and about Nebraska.
Elmwood enters the district finals as one of the more experienced teams in the field.
Elmwood is a beautifully manicured course with interesting fairways and challenging greens.
Elmwood is a family owned and operated resort.
Elmwood is an eclectic blend of the old and the new which offers something for every taste.
Elmwood is similar to oak in strength.
An elocution is a speech
Elocution is the art of delivering, written or extemporaneous, with force, propriety, and ease.
Elohim spacecrafts are physically in the dimension.
Elongate crystals grow in the direction of least resistance.
Elongate flower stems that are too short for a vase.
Elongate forms have transverse markings.
Every elongate organism has to have a front end.
Elongated antheridia produce many flagellated sperm.
Elongated blotches continue down the spine and form a single median stripe on the loins.
Elongated cells can give a spurious drift towards higher DNA contents.
Elongated cells cause the plant to bend and grow toward the light.
Elongated coins are a collectable unto themselves.
Elongated grains indicate that the metal was hammered into foil while cold.
Elongated head is topped by extra large ears which fold down.
Elongated slots allow the pickets to nest, giving the belt the ability to make right or left turns.
Elongated snouts account for the name bottlenose.
Elongated spots appear on the petioles and stems.
Elongated states are long and narrow countries such as Vietnam and Chile.
Elongation accompanies growth.
Elongation accompanies plant growth.
Elongation ceases and only the humerus develops.
Elongation continues at slower rates throughout interphase.
Elongation continues until a stop codon is reached.
Elongation continues until the ribosome reaches a stop codon.
Elongation decreases as strength and hardness increase.
Elongation gives an illusion of greater space by providing a longer diagonal dimension.
Elongation is a type of deformation.
Elongation is addition
Elongation is addition.
Elongation is illnesses.
Elongation is the angle between the sun and a planet as seen by an observer on earth.
Elongation is the angular distance between the moon and the sun.
Elongation is the increase in length of a sample at the breaking point.
Elongation isa length.
Elongation occurs through water uptake into the vacuoles.
Elongation tells how inefficiently packed the chains are, relative to their optimum packing.
Elongation Use the assembled ring stands with a crossbar from the tensile strength procedure above.
Most elongation accompanies growth.
Most elongation accompanies plant growth.
An elopement is an act
Elopement consists simply of the couple leaving together for a period of time.
Elopement is secret.
Elopements are of two types.
An eloquence is style
Eloquence becomes law where law becomes mute.
Eloquence can be the enemy of success.
Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.
Eloquence is a power, there is no question of that.
Eloquence is never a substitute for truth.
Eloquence is one which is being included in some applications.
Eloquence is precisely the word.
Eloquence is the most advanced, and most understandable software speech synthesizer on the market.
Eloquence is the product of the imagination of a small team of dedicated linguists and technicians.
Eloquence rises to the occasion in parks and mansions all across the land.
Eloquence strikes deep in the heart.
Eloquences are intelligent agents.
Eloquence sometimes comes from sincerity, rather than pretty wordsmithing.
Some eloquence is like magic.
Many eloquent speakers have nothing to say, and many poor speakers have valuable messages.
Elpaso soils are on nearly level to level areas of Wisconsin till plains and moraines.
Elpaso soils have a well graded sand fraction in the lower part of the series control section.
Else disaster is guaranteed.
Else life is good.
Else statement offers greater versatility.
Else yen is responsible for the publication.
Elsewhere adultery is punished by killing the culprits.
Elsewhere death is held as a punishment.
Elsewhere developers are mainly concerned with the lowest quality for the best cash return.
Elsewhere growth is slow.
Elsewhere growth is slower, but nevertheless increasing.
Elsewhere input is compared to string lion .
Elsewhere things are just okay.
Elsewhere training is particularly active in Australia, Canada and South America.
Elsinboro soils have many flakes in the lower part of the series control section.
Elucidation is an explanation
Elucidation isa event.
Elucidations are propositions which contain the primitive signs.
An elusion is an evasion
Elusion also has a word of the day.
Elusive jaguars mark the soft ground with huge paw prints.
Elusive problems force one to think beyond customary categories of understanding.
Elusive qualities become communicable.
Elusive Reporters can have a difficult time covering legal issues and the courts.
Elusive titles are always the most coveted, and victory is sweetest when it yields a new prize.
Elusive words haunt, hide, inevitably surprise.
An elution is an extraction
Elution can take place either with a linear imidazole gradient or with step gradients.
Elution can use an inhibitor.
Elution is carried out under very gentle conditions.
Elution is just a method.
Elution is performed by increasing the phosphate concentration either in a linear or step gradient.
Elutions are extractions.
Eluvial deposits are placers that are found close to the parent rock.
Eluvial deposits occur when rocks are weathered and the resistant minerals are freed.
Elven history begins here as well.
Elven magic helps to maintain the natural environment of gardens.
Elven tactics can be highly varied.
An elver is an eel
Elvers are eels in the first stage of life.
Elvers are eels.
Elvers are now very expensive.
Elvers are young eels .
Elvers become adults, with bigger heads and fatter bodies.
Elvers eventually enter rivers where they head upstream and develop into adults.
Elvers move upstream and find a suitable place to live, where they grow into adults.
Some elvers remain in estuaries, but most migrate inland and mature into adult eels.
Elves Elves are an ancient magical race.
Elwell soils are frigid.
Elysian Fields are the mythical resting place of the gods.
EM radiation can be incoherent or coherent .
Emaciated people are extremely thin, and there is almost no observable flesh anywhere on the body.
Emaciation is a common observation prior to death.
Emaciation is a property
Emaciation is an invitation to diseases.
Emaciation is indicative of several dietary deficiency diseases.
Emaciation is most obvious in areas where prominent fat depots normally exist.
Emaciation takes place from above downward.
Emaciation often precedes death.
Most Emacs commands operate only on the selected buffer.
Emacs fans can check files in and out of RCS without shelling out to the command line.
Emacs indentation is usually good.
Emacs interface facilitates annotation of corpora.
Emacs keys cause lisp functions to be called.
Emacs manuals are avilable from the bookstore.
Emacs programs use the rmail babyl format.
Emacs recursion goes horribly wrong.
Email account comes with autoresponder, filters, search capabilities, signature files and more.
Email account is included.
Email account works great.
Email accounts are also available.
Email accounts are available for all students.
Email accounts are available for resident use.
Email accounts are available to most students at their host institutions.
Email accounts are available to students, staff and faculty.
Email accounts are different than Internet access accounts.
Email accounts are for clients use only.
Email accounts are for personal or business correspondence only.
Email accounts are free -no strings attached.
Email accounts are free.
Email accounts are important for connecting with family, professional colleagues, and clients.
Email accounts are web accessible.
Email accounts come automatically with almost all access providers.
All email accounts are private and protected by login passwords.
All email accounts have a certain amount of storage space allocated.
All email accounts have no maximum message size with no set quota.
Every email account has a limit to the amount of disk space the account can use.
Every email account takes server space and maintenance.
Many email accounts receive hundreds of email items per day.
Some email accounts limit the size of any one email received.
Email address changes People's email addresses tend to change fairly frequently.
Email address compilers.
Email address contains invalid characters.
Email address Enter an author's surname, the name of a text, or a keyword or phrase.
Email address is above.
Email address is all that's needed .
Email address is always completely private.
Email address is as follows.
Email address is at bottom of page.
Email address is at the bottom of page.
Email address is at the bottom of the page.
Email address is below.
Email address is dsewell .
Email address is essential for an online course.
Email address is extremely important.
Email address is fine.
Email address is from the above site.
Email address is given below for all matters.
Email address is in each page of the member.
Email address is included in the virtual domain name.
Email address is located below.
Email address is located on the index page.
Email address is mandatory for response .
Email address is mandatory.
Email address is near the bottom of the page.
Email address is on the home page.
Email address is optional.
Email address is provided below.
Email address is required , please fill out as much information as possible.
Email address is required .
Email address is required as part of the registration process.
Email address is required for a response.
Email address is required for all submissions.
Email address is required for electronic delivery.
Email address is required for posting messages.
Email address is required for web subscribers to receive the monthly access password.
Email address is required to provide value-added services.
Email address is required.
Email address is the only required field.
Email address is to go in the next box.
Email address is unique and has nothing to do with domain registration and such.
Email address is used for sending forgotten passwords.
Email address is used in some inappropriate venues.
Email address remains the same.
Email address seems to be blank or incorrect.
Email address stays the same, of course.
Email addresses allow students to ask for help with math homework from pre-algebra through calculus.
Email addresses allow students to ask for help with their math homework.
Email addresses appear on each character's pages, and also here .
Email addresses are a great promotion vehicle for the service.
Email addresses are a great tool for sending reminders and for communicating updates instantly.
Email addresses are also available.
Email addresses are an important resource.
Email addresses are available for an additional cost.
Email addresses are available for free from many online providers.
Email addresses are available for more info.
Email addresses are available for references.
Email addresses are available here .
Email addresses are available on each page where available.
Email addresses are available on the course web site.
Email addresses are available.
Email addresses are below.
Email addresses are case in-sensitive.
Email addresses are case insensitive.
Email addresses are case sensitive.
Email addresses are completely free.
Email addresses are easy to find, free for the taking.
Email addresses are effective for both inport and underway use.
Email addresses are especially important to include on the main page.
Email addresses are especially necessary to facilitate more efficient communication.
Email addresses are for internal use only.
Email addresses are for our use only.
Email addresses are free.
Email addresses are good ideas too.
Email addresses are great ways to get in contact.
Email addresses are hypertext to names of people.
Email addresses are in the stanford.edu domain.
Email addresses are like post office boxes.
Email addresses are listed for committee members, please keep emails short and to the point.
Email addresses are notoriously vague.
Email addresses are often non-obvious, and can be difficult both to find and to remember.
Email addresses are on our Web page.
Email addresses are on the Links page.
Email addresses are on the web.
Email addresses are optional and are used for customer communications.
Email addresses are private and no other member has access to the list members.
Email addresses are really prone to problems given that half the time they look like martian-speak.
Email addresses are still a concern.
Email addresses are the new t-shirts.
Email addresses are thoroughly confidential.
Email addresses are to be used for our own newsletter.
Email addresses are to the right of names.
Email addresses are unaffected and forwarding links are in place at the former location.
Email addresses are, of course, preferred.
Email addresses can be quite complex.
Email addresses can have two forms.
Email addresses can look strange, too.
Email addresses change frequently now with the demise of many servers.
Email addresses consist of a special format.
Email Addresses Find email addresses of Austria residents.
Email Addresses Find email addresses of Belgium residents.
Email Addresses Find email addresses of Germany residents.
Email Addresses Find email addresses of Italy residents.
Email Addresses Find email addresses of Luxembourg residents.
Email Addresses Find email addresses of Spain residents.
Email Addresses Find out how many email addresses the monthly fee covers.
Email Addresses Find thousands of Internet email addresses around the world.
Email addresses follow each name.
Email addresses have no spaces and are generally case-sensitive.
Email addresses have xxxx.
Email addresses make great gifts too.
Email addresses remain the same.
Email addresses remain valid.
Email addresses show email names only.
Email Addresses Take advantage of several email addresses.
Email addresses tend to be a bit more personal.
Email Addresses View our archived postings.
All email addresses are . . .
All email addresses are relative to harvard.edu .
All email addresses are strictly confidential.
All email addresses are unique.
All email addresses end in .wisc.edu unless otherwise noted.
All email addresses have certain characteristics in common.
All email addresses have the same elements.
All email addresses remain confidential.
All email addresses remain private.
Any email address used in correspondence is kept in strictest confidence.
Every email address contains a domain name.
Every email address has similar components.
Every email address is kept confidential for obvious reasons.
More email addresses are available for a minimal charge.
Some email addresses are quite complicated.
Some email addresses can be quite lengthy and difficult to remember.
Some email addresses have addresses.
Some email addresses have email addresses.
Some email addresses link to that person's webpage.
Email advertising can take a variety of forms.
Email advertising is a powerful tool, but only if the positioning is right.
Email advertising is inexpensive and an excellent way to get the word out.
Email advertising is now here to stay.
Email advertising is one of the most effective means of customer acquisition and sales generation.
Email advertising is the most effective form of advertising on the Internet.
Email advertising is the most effective online means of customer acquisition and sales generation.
Email aliases are a service for our members.
Email aliases are free of charge with reasonable justification.
Email attachment is preferred because it can be emailed on to potential employers more readily.
Email attachment is transferred as part of the email message.
Email attachment Let's talk about email first.
Email attachments are a major source of virus infections.
Email attachments are a prime vehicle for propagating Internet hoaxes and malicious viruses.
Email attachments are files sent along with an email message.
Email attachments are fine.
Email attachments are particularly dangerous with regard to spreading computer viruses.
Email attachments can also cause problems.
Email attachments can contain executable binary files.
Email attachments transmit computer viruses.
Email blasts don t work.
Email bombing is terminally stupid in any context.
Email boxes are analogous to post office boxes in the physical world.
Email boxes have a finite size.
More email boxes are available upon request.
Email clients are beautiful.
Email clients are generally much faster.
Email clients are usually much more efficient than any web based email accounts.
Email clients can periodically check mailboxes and download any mail off of the server.
Email clients can usually decode one or more of the various types of encoded attachments.
Email clients connect to a POP server to retrieve new mail messages.
Email clients transmit messages only via the Internet.
All email clients can read plain text email.
All email clients can read text messages.
Many email clients allow for an HTML signature.
Many email clients store the plain text password for later use after logging into a POP server.
Most email clients display plain text messages with a similar font.
Most email clients perform in a similar manner.
Most email clients provide a way to automatically delete any email that meets certain constraints.
Most email clients provide easy ways to create mailing lists.
Most email clients serve only one email address.
Some email clients are susceptible to buffer overflows which are caused by sending long file names.
Some email clients combine the best of both worlds and are suitable for everyone.
Some email clients display the links incorrectly.
Some email clients have problems with HTML messages.
Email confirmation is sent to the user after call is added.
Email counseling can help.
Email counseling is conducted over a secured website.
Email counseling is now available.
Email Digests Find out more about our family of free email digests .
Email encryption has nothing to do with viruses.
Email Filters .forward only redirects email to other accounts.
Email filters are also available in some email programs to sift through unsolicited junk mail.
Email filters are sets of rules that determine what happens to incoming messages.
Email filters can reduce time spent reading nonsense or flames.
Email filterings are filterings.
Email forwarding can create a security breach.
Email forwarding is analogous to post office mail forwarding in the physical world.
Email forwarding is available for a maximum of thirty days upon request at no extra charge.
Email forwarding is free also.
Email forwarding is free with all Hosting accounts.
Email forwarding is included for free with URL forwarding.
Email forwarding is included.
Email forwarding is similar to a change of address notice at the post office.
Any email forwarding is removed.
Email games are no longer available.
Email group is large.
Email groups are as fast as sending and receiving email.
Email groups are usable no matter how different everyone's schedules are.
Email groups can produce a lot of messages each day.
Email groups offer a convenient way to connect with others who share the same interests and ideas .
Email groups offer a convenient way to connect with others who share the same interests and ideas.
Email hoaxes are rampant Even sophisticated users get caught up in the hoaxes.
Email hoaxes are rampant in our new Internet savvy world.
Email list features cool and hot discussions.
Email list is updated.
Email list is used on a limited basis to announce new products and upgrades to current products.
Email list provides quick access to timely information.
Email list sign up.
Email Lists allow a person to send email to many people at a time.
Email lists are a great way to keep people in touch and up to date.
Email lists are a powerful way to get info about just about anything.
Email lists are a precious corporate asset.
Email lists are a valuable tool for any birder.
Email lists are a way for individuals to mail individual comments to a group.
Email lists are available for free or fee and can be run locally or from a remote host.
Email lists are easy to compile.
Email lists are easy to maintain and cost nothing.
Email lists are essential to modern web site operators for several reasons.
Email lists are exceedingly diverse.
Email lists are free of charge with reasonable justification.
Email lists are fun to use.
Email lists are great because they save time and money.
Email lists are great ways to share information with other folks on the internet.
Email lists are private or public lists maintained by the registered administrator.
Email lists are relatively simple to administer with good email programs.
Email lists are similar to newsgroups, except that the user gets the messages by email.
Email lists are very valuable in the Internet marketing realm.
Email lists become a vital part so that all feel a part - they can communicate and contribute.
Email lists can be on any number of topics.
Email lists can involve as few as two people or as many as tens of thousands.
Email lists can make or break a company.
Email Lists Get discussion, updates, and the monthly newsletter.
Email lists help enrich the interactional structure of the classroom.
Email Lists Join one of our new email lists by clicking here .
Email lists make it easy to get instant feedback on live performances and new songs.
Email lists provide a way of linking one email address to a group of people.
Email lists rebroadcast email received by the listserver to everyone who has joined the list.
Email lists save our limited resources.
Email lists support discussion.
All email list welcome messages contain the information necessary for removal from the list.
Most email lists mention job opportunities and occasional writing opportunities.
Some email lists generate dozens of postings each day.
Email marketing can be a valuable tool, if it's done right.
Email marketing does work, but some of the potential negative consequences are downright scary.
Email marketing generates much higher response rates than traditional direct marketing.
Email marketing has numerous beneficial purposes for advertisers.
Email marketing has the best conversion rates.
Email marketing is a very powerful relationship-building tool when done correctly.
Email marketing is all about supplying granular information oriented to a target.
Email marketing is controversial.
Email marketing is managed in our Washington, DC office.
Email marketing is new technology in the direct marketing world.
Email Marketing is one such revolution .
Email marketing is probably the most effective means of building an online business.
Email marketing is seen as a key ingredient in efforts aimed at getting customers to stick to sites.
Email Marketing is similar to traditional direct marketing .
Email marketing is the key.
Email marketing is the latest disappointment.
Email marketing is the most effective form of internet promotion today.
Email marketing is the most misunderstood term on the Internet.
Email marketing is the wave of the future.
Email marketing is very cost effective, The cost is cheap, but that is only half of the story.
Email marketing requires a good deal of planning as well as attention to detail.
Email marketing requires only an email account and time.
Email marketing runs along a similar vein and the guidelines for success remain the same.
Email messages are a good example of a text file.
Email messages are creative works and therefore copyrighted.
Email messages are faster and cheaper than telegrams.
Email messages are files, and take up computer space, just like any other data.
Email messages are fully customizable.
Email messages are less intrusive than cell phone calls and elicit less venom.
Email messages are less intrusive than telephone calls or answering machines.
Email messages are more like little notes or memos than formal letters.
Email messages are much like letters sent through the mail.
Email messages are neither secure nor entirely reliable.
Email messages are only part of the problem.
Email messages are welcome, and can be used to ask a question or to set up an appointment.
Email messages become undeliverable for various reasons.
Email messages can also carry attached files.
Email messages can also have attachments - separate files that travel along with the message.
Email messages can only consist of basic, unformatted text.
Email messages contain article titles, authors, journal name, and direct URL links.
Email messages disappear.
Email messages fly to and fro, all over the world.
Email messages inform students of events, internships, and research opportunities.
Email messages remain intact if passed from one person to another.
Email messages simplify the process of communication tremendously.
All email messages are confidential.
All email messages go through the auto responder which acts as a message interpeter and router.
All email messages have a common structure.
Any email message sent to the listserv automatically goes to all people subscribed to that listserv.
Every email message consists of two parts, the body and the header.
Every email message contains two types of headers.
Every email message includes our header with easy unsubscribe instructions.
Many email messages are part of conversational transactions and require a response.
Some email messages are worth saving.
Some email messages contain attachments.
Some email messages have only one received line, some have more than one.
Some email messages offer free computers, electronic items, and long-distance phone cards.
Email petitions do more harm than good.
Email petitions tend to continue circulating indefinitely.
Email privacy is a trade union issue .
Email programs allow the user two types of replys.
Email programs are capable of forward email.
Email programs can sometimes choke on large attachments as well.
Email programs choke on overstuffed mail boxes.
Email programs have facilities for sending, receiving and forwarding messages.
Email Programs Make money at home reading email.
All email programs indicate, though in different ways, when an incoming message has a file attached.
Many email programs allow multiple users.
Many email programs have a limit on the size of attachments.
Many email programs have mechanisms that allow viewing of past activity.
Many email programs have the capability of treating messages with particular subjects a certain way.
Many email programs have the capability to read articles.
Many email programs use fixed-width fonts as their default.
Many email programs use metamail .
Most Email programs accept multiple addresses in a header, separated by a comma.
Most email programs allow subfolders.
Most Email programs are fairly intuitive.
Most email programs can decode most of the common standards.
Most email programs can handle more than one email account.
Most email programs can send attachments.
Most email programs come with a comprehensive online tutorial.
Most email programs have an option to automatically add a signature on evey email.
Most Email programs have filters.
Most email programs have the ability to filter emails into separate folders.
Some email programs allow a choice of the type of encoding for the attachments.
Some email programs allow hyperlinks in messages.
Some email programs are very strict about how they filter and receive mail.
Some email programs display the time and date of transmission.
Some email programs introduce extraneous code-corrupting line breaks.
Some email programs move part of the link to the next line.
Some email programs support both protocols.
Some email programs wrap long lines at whatever the window margin is set.
Email relays are examples where there is mismatch.
Email security is especially important in a corporate environment.
Email security is lax, at best.
Email servers allow for communications between company employees.
Email servers are capable of forward email.
Email servers are good, but news servers suck.
Email servers are the post offices of the Internet.
Email servers are what make email travel around the world.
Email servers can start updating, for example, or a field user can have internet access.
Many email servers refuse to take mail that comes from an open relay.
Some email servers can handle concurrent communications and other servers become confused.
Email service is also available and students can get an email address through the college.
Email service is available at the hotel.
Email service queries.
Email services are available on a per domain basis.
Email services are available on the net, dime a dozen.
Email services are free advertising among other things.
Email services are now fully functional.
Email services are operational.
Email services are temporarily out of order.
Email services are unaffected.
Email services are unchanged.
Any email service is accepted.
Email signatures are always okay.
Email spam is even worse.
Email spam is in no way protected by the First Amendment.
Email spam is usually easy to recognize, but harder to define.
Email spam targets individual users with direct mail messages.
Email support can be slow on a personal acct.
Email support is also available in non office hours.
Email support is also available.
Email support is also free of charge.
Email support is always available, always free.
Email support is always available.
Email support is available for one year, and chat sessions are also available.
Email support is available if needed.
Email support is available.
Email support is avaliable if needed.
Email support is charged at the standard in-house support rate.
Email support is considered the quickest form of support.
Email support is fast, reliable, and professional.
Email support is for North American clients only.
Email support is for OUR own clients only.
Email support is offered beyond the listed toll-free phone support hours.
Email support is provided beyond the life of the product on a reasonable basis.
Email support is provided for the Base service.
Email support is provided free of charge to registered users.
Email support is quick, with replies arriving in less than four hours, on average.
EMail support is standard at no cost.
Email support provides a dedicated email box with a guarantee response within one business day.
Email support requires email routing.
Email systems allow for easy group communication.
Email systems are basically a high-speed server using standard software.
Email systems are typically interoperable so they can exchange messages.
Email systems have different capacities for determining return addresses.
Email systems have difficulty dealing with large files.
All email systems have the ability to send, receive and discard mail.
Many email systems provided by school districts are inadequate.
Most Email systems allow responses to be sent to all recipients of a message.
Most email systems can support digital certificates .
Most email systems have Internet gateways.
Most email systems store the incoming and outgoing messages on a server hard drive.
Some email systems are more secure than others.
Some email systems are unable to handle large attachments.
Some email systems can send or receive text files only.
Email viruses are prevalent, with the virus normally activating when the attachment is opened.
Email viruses are the biggest concern right now.
Email viruses can distribute their payload by using an attached executable file.
Email viruses can spread and attack quickly.
Most email viruses are hoaxes only designed to create a large chain mail effect.
Some email viruses are harder to catch.
Email accounts Email accounts are provided to current faculty, staff, and students.
Email accounts to include other family members without the expense of an extra dial-up account.
Email acristes with questions or comments.
Email actually provides more communicative access among students and between student and teacher.
Email add-on option allows family members to have their own email accounts.
Email addresses E.g.
Email addresses e-mail guest book guest registry browser tutorial.
Email addresses First speeches - approach via Senators home pages .
Email addresses Five email forwards are included with a name registration.
Email addresses Internal phone nos.
Email addresses only on the free listings.
Email Addresses Our email addresses are very flexible.
Email Addresses Our main email addresses including sales, support and where to send inventory files.
Email aliases that forward to an existing account are also available.
Email allows better and faster connections to our alumni and alumnae.
Email allows computer users all over the world to exchange messages.
Email allows for immediate feedback.
Email allows for immediate response to candidates.
Email allows one to send and receive message from almost anywhere in the world.
Email allows users to avoid chitchat and deal with situations on their own time.
Email allows users to communicate locally or globally without paying any long distance charges.
Email Allows users to send and receive messages to each other over the Internet.
Email allows users to send electronic messages to any other user connected to the internet.
Email allows users to send messages to each other.
Email allows users to send text messages easily.
Email alone provides a mechanism of increased communication between students and teachers.
Email also allows for the attachment of computer documents to messages.
Email also contains a link to a more extensive report that can be viewed using a browser.
Email also continues to operate normally, regardless of the mail program being used.
Email also has a few shortcomings.
Email also has many elements which are unique from other written forms.
Email also has the advantage of being quick and easy.
Email also makes virtual office hours possible.
Email also offers a source of information for lawyers through listservs and newsgroups.
Email also raises a problem about confidentiality.
Email also tends to be more conversational.
Email Answer it quickly, completely, but succinctly.
Email appears at the bottom of the posting.
Email appears to be free, or at least cheap to the user.
Email are also available.
Email based discussion group is also available.
Email based discussions are often hard to follow with a large group.
Email based website consultations are available.
Email becomes a tricky mix of phone call and letter.
Email becomes another useful tool to generate internal discord.
Email becomes harder and harder to use with the spread of broken mail user agents and bad habits.
Email becomes important communication tool.
Email becomes the mode of production as much as photography or video.
Email below illustrates the common problem encountered by many Tenants.
Email brings a kind of pseudo-urgency that demands an instant response.
Email brings a whole new kind of perspective on communication.
Email can also be a real headache for businesses.
Email can also be the method of publication.
Email can also have pictures or links to sites in it that are inappropriate for younger viewers.
Email can apprise users of new postings.
Email can be a deflated form of expression, or it can bore down deep in the psyche.
Email can be a great reminder as the week comes closer.
Email can be a very effective communication tool between parents and teachers.
Email can be a very ineffective medium for communications at times.
Email can be a very powerful direct marketing medium if used correctly.
Email can be a weapon in organizational politics.
Email can be a wonderful thing.
Email can be and has been subpoenaed.
Email can be as fast as needed.
Email can be as quick and convenient as a phone call.
Email can be easily sent through the admin panel, second section on the left side pull down menu.
Email can be helpful, too.
Email can be junk mail, so avoid unnecessary proliferation of messages.
Email can be junk mail.
Email can be just as annoying, uh, effective.
Email can be more profitable than a website.
Email can be read offline, so it's the most economical online medium.
EMail can be the same way.
Email can be very effective for short questions or comments.
Email can be very efficient and, in the context of desktop automation, is also very convenient.
Email can be very valuable as a means of communicating with other schools.
Email can bring some strange things.
Email can come in all day long.
Email can create large storage problems.
Email can easily bring together colleagues and friends on the Internet.
Email can end up anywhere.
Email can include resume or brief description.
Email can indeed stand as a barrier to real intimacy.
Email can make distribution easier, as well as cheaper.
Email can open up a world of opportunity.
Email can provide a tremendous amount of free advertising , and it can be profitable itself.
Email can provide an efficient and effective way to acknowledge customers' requests.
Email can reach friends on their birthday, anniversary, or other important events.
Email can reach many hobby personalities and game companies.
Email can reduce paperwork and mailbox stuffing.
Email can remove social distance as well as geographical distance as it suppresses status cues.
Email can replace a phone conversation.
Email can send the same message to a whole group in one go.
Email can serve an important function to highly social learners as well.
Email can support and sustain communities of interest.
Email can very easily provide an additional means of communication in the future.
Email cantacts to answer questions and give help.
Email carries much business information that is communicated in careless, unedited fashion.
Email certainly falls under their umbrella.
Email Click a category to see the auction lists.
Email Click an image for a larger view.
Email closes the loop and starts people around the spiral again.
Email collectively provide a comprehensive checklist of email functions and features.
Email combines the convenience of writing letters with the immediacy of using the telephone.
Email combines the intimacy of the phone with the infinite retrievability of a letter.
Email comes in daily.
Email comes in from around the globe.
Email comes in second compared to the site.
Email connects some people more effectively than others.
Email connects the Internet to commercial online services and other networks.
Email considers the fastest and most economical form of communication.
Email Consolidate up to five email accounts in one convenient place.
Email containing a malicious payload is a popular new method of attacking computers.
Email containing types of data other than text is known as multimedia email.
Email contains a customized message and a web page link.
Email contains a text message, it is addresses to a mailbox, and is sent across a network.
Email contains a vast amount of power.
Email contains header lines reflecting the host where the mail originated.
Email contains links to a variety of articles on the Red Herring site.
Email continues to come in, as do messages from the web, and of course, seed packet requests.
Email continues to flow in from around the country.
Email continues to grow rapidly for many reasons.
Email conveys only the last.
Email costs nothing, well very little anyway.
Email cousins a time to chat.
Email critiques to bparks .
Email distributed within the ship is free.
Email does disappear from time to time.
Email drives widespread Internet adoption.
Email Easily target desired respondent groups.
Email enables a rapid, immediate and wide-spread response.
Email enables communication around the globe nearly instantly and at little cost.
Email enables much closer contact and more frequent communication.
Email enables the verbally challenged to finally make the money they deserve.
Email enables users to schedule interrupts.
Email encourages children to communicate with people around the world.
Email Enter an email address for the group.
Email Enter an existing email address here.
Email Enter the amount of the gift.
Email Enter the contact person's email address.
Email Enter the email address of the contact person.
Email exists, except in isolated networks, entirely on the Internet.
Email facilitates rapid communication in an otherwise limited communications environment.
Email features demands that email inquiries be reviewed every day, and, when time permits, answered.
Email feeds one chowhound, board postings feed the whole pack.
Email fits the bill.
Email focuses on classroom connections, listservs, and access to experts.
Email forwarding accounts are real email address.
Email forwarding accounts send mail to already existing accounts.
Email forwarding capabilities are only available to site partners.
Email Forwarding Each web site account includes E-mail Forwarding.
Email forwarding offers significant advantages.
Email Forwarding Select a free email provider that offers forwarding.
Email forwarding to a single destination is free for the first two years of registration.
Email generally goes unanswered.
Email generates the fastest response.
Email gets a quicker response.
Email gets another mention in a chapter only four and a half pages long.
Email gets students in touch with their peers and creates real reasons for writing.
Email Give baby a gift with all the personal touches.
Email gives the scientists greater control over the logistics of questionnaire despatch.
Email Go away spammers.
Email Go crazy all u ravers out there.
Email goes from Delhi to Madras in minutes.
Email goes through a so called mail server.
Email goes to everyone on the list.
Email grows up.
Email has a great reach .
Email has a lot of applications for peer review.
Email has ads in footer, can be turned off for a fee.
Email has advantages and disadvantages.
Email has all the authority of a phone conversation.
Email has certain rules of etiquette, however.
Email has great potential for personal and business use .
Email has it's own method of transferring data, it's own protocol.
Email has low overhead and fast response time.
Email has more value than the telephone because the written word stays.
Email has much fewer security holes and can be safeguarded more easily.
Email has potential as a marketing tool.
Email has quite a few acronyms and symbols used that are unique to the medium.
Email has similarities to conventional postal delivery systems, with some important advantages.
Email has some problems.
Email has the approximate privacy of a postcard.
Email has the same problem.
Email has to be filled in for mailer to work.
Email helps reduce labor costs in the distribution of directives.
Email helps, but there's no substitute for being here.
Email holds great promise as a replacement or enhancement to the follow-up strategy.
Email ILSR to subscribe.
Email inboxes full of unread or half-read messages.
Email includes link back to that job detail for online application.
Email includes reviewer comments.
Email includes viewer.
Email increases many people's connections both in and out of their organizations.
Email involves the use of attachments to achieve such ends.
Email is a a way to send an electronic message from one computer to another over the Internet.
Email is a back-up and supplemental mode only for our classes.
Email is a basic necessity for keeping connected with other users and instructors.
Email is a better bet.
Email is a bit slow but no new or revised subscriptions can be actioned.
Email is a boon for a quick note.
Email is a click away from being converted into a task.
Email is a communication tool that grows in popularity yearly.
Email is a completely different experience with the high-end tools.
Email is a complicated mechanism.
Email is a convenient and efficient means of communication.
Email is a convenient and timely way to contact professors or fellow students.
Email is a core tool in any effective and proactive online fundraising campaign.
Email is a customized option.
Email is a different language.
Email is a different matter.
Email is a digital medium which can be used by all computer based tools.
Email is a fantastic marketing medium because it is both direct and personal.
Email is a fantastic tool for journaling.
Email is a far more personal medium than print.
Email is a fast and cost effective method of communicating.
Email is a fast and efficient way to communicate.
Email is a fast way to contact elected officials, especially in large numbers.
Email is a fast, cheap way of sending messages around the world.
Email is a fast-turnaround push technology.
Email is a fine way of getting in touch.
Email is a form of plebian power.
Email is a free service to our drop-ins.
Email is a fun way to put thoughts to paper without the pressure of graded grammar.
EMail is a generic term to refer to all types of electronic mail, including that on the internet.
Email is a good example.
Email is a good place to start.
Email is a good replacement for mailing letters or making long-distance phone calls.
Email is a good start.
Email is a good thing, too.
Email is a good way to break the isolation.
Email is a good way to communicate.
Email is a good way to do so.
Email is a good way to informally keep in touch with graduates of a training program.
Email is a good way to make an initial contact with an alumnus or alumna.
Email is a good way to notify lawyers of recent events.
Email is a good way to start.
Email is a great communication median.
Email is a great medium for keeping in touch.
Email is a great place to start playing with basic html.
Email is a great place to start.
Email is a great thing.
Email is a great tool for sending resumes to companies.
Email is a great way for students to communicate.
Email is a great way to ask and answer questions.
Email is a great way to communicate with other people.
Email is a great way to communicate.
Email is a great way to get connected with other cooks.
Email is a great way to go on and on and on at very low cost.
Email is a great way to keep in touch and saves money on long distance phone calls.
Email is a great way to share information.
Email is a great way to stay in touch and tap people for information, favors and even jokes.
Email is a household world in major cities in Bangladesh.
Email is a hybrid of writing and talking.
Email is a killer app, and people want constant access to it.
Email is a little slow.
Email is a little slower, but it works.
Email is a lot like a postcard.
Email is a lot like publishing in print.
Email is a major source of viruses, especially by means of scripts or programs attached to messages.
Email is a map to a company's past, present, and future.
Email is a marvellous form of instant communication and most participants use it.
EMail is a means in which individual users can send messages to and from each other directly.
Email is a means of communicating one on one with another person.
Email is a medium for storing and sending information.
Email is a natural for viral propagation.
Email is a natural product.
Email is a non-secure medium.
Email is a perfectly acceptable way to network as well.
Email is a personal, friendly, informal medium.
Email is a poor substitute for direct communication.
Email is a powerful and effective place to get started.
Email is a powerful coaching tool.
Email is a powerful communication tool.
Email is a powerful tool when it comes to charity.
Email is a powerful tool.
Email is a prime example.
Email is a prime way to increase contact with parents.
Email is a problem too.
Email is a quick and easy way to communicate.
Email is a quick way for teachers to contact their students for important information.
Email is a really juicy target because it can be searched by keyword.
Email is a record.
Email is a relatively new communication option.
Email is a required field.
Email is a second method.
Email is a secondary option.
Email is a significant, but somewhat limited, communication form.
Email is a simple and powerful tool.
Email is a slippery slope,though.
Email is a sneaky creature too.
Email is a symptom, a metaphor of our fast-food mentality, and a tool for speeding up our lives.
Email is a system that carries messages on the net.
Email is a terrific communication tool.
Email is a terrific tool for staying in touch with family members and friends.
Email is a terrific way to stay in touch with family and friends, and to make new friends.
Email is a text based system.
Email is a text document and all viruses require some sort of execution to be occurring.
Email is a thin medium.
Email is a treasure trove of intellectual property.
Email is a tremendous tool for campus communication.
Email is a valuable communications tool.
Email is a vehicle which is virtually free.
Email is a veritable conveyor belt for viruses, facilitating their rapid distribution.
Email is a very cold and impersonal way to communicate.
Email is a very convenient alternative to more traditional methods of communication.
Email is a very convenient communication method.
Email is a very convenient form of communication many busy people are now using.
Email is a very efficient form of cheap, fast communication.
Email is a very flat form of communication.
Email is a very personal medium.
Email is a very powerful tool, offering instantaneous communication and immediate gratification.
Email is a very powerful tool.
Email is a very useful and desired communications tool.
Email is a vital selling tool currently being ignored.
Email is a way of sending messages to people via their computers that are hooked to the Internet.
Email is a wonderful communications medium.
Email is a wonderful invention when it works, and most of the time it does.
Email is a wonderful thing for people whose role in life is to be on top of things.
Email is a wonderful thing.
Email is a wonderful time-hog.
Email is a wonderful tool for communication.
Email is a wonderful tool, but there are limits to how much email any person can handle efficiently.
Email is a wonderful tool, that helps family and friends keep in touch.
Email is a wonderful way of communicating with others.
Email is a wonderful way to keep in touch with friends and family.
Email is a wonderful way to keep in touch with kids.
Email is about as private as a postcard.
Email is about as private as sending a postcard through the mail.
Email is about as secure and private as a postcard.
Email is about convenience.
Email is about the one thing they can all agree on.
Email is acceptable, but a Web page link is preferred.
Email is acceptable.
Email is accessible anywhere in the world with a web browser.
Email is active, and provides a better mechanism for customer interaction and faster payment cycles.
Email is addictive.
Email is advantageous because it results in quick delivery and increased efficiency.
Email is almost always a better means of contact than phone.
Email is almost free.
Email is already a substantial savings from the use of the telephone, especially long distance.
Email is already clearly an important mode for delivery of notifications.
Email is also a good place for discussions.
Email is also a good way to ask questions.
Email is also a great way to keep in touch.
Email is also a new way of writing.
Email is also a very efficient way to arrange bookings, order goods or spare parts.
Email is also a very useful mechanism for electronically sending and receiving computer files.
Email is also an effective way of reaching people.
Email is also an excellent mean of getting hints or help.
Email is also an informal way to network.
Email is also available for an additional fee.
Email is also available from the lab.
Email is also available to most staff.
Email is also available.
Email is also good as an information seeking strategy and location and access.
Email is also increasingly effective as a way of communicating with instructors.
Email is also more vulnerable to mail bombing and flooding.
Email is also much cheaper than direct surface mail and broadcast advertising.
Email is also one of the oldest services.
Email is also somewhat lacking in effective communication.
Email is also the main modality used by online counselors and therapists .
Email is also the technology underlying mailing lists .
Email is also useful for interschool communication.
Email is also very effective.
Email is also very user friendly and understandable.
Email is also welcome, just click on one of the little tomatoes shown below.
Email is also welcome.
Email is always a call to action.
Email is always best for tracking or for interview requests.
Email is always our preferred option.
Email is always preferred, by the way.
Email is always the preferred means of contact.
Email is always welcome .
Email is always welcome, except spam, of course.
Email is always welcome.
EMail is always welcome.
Email is always what person getting mail at what mail computer.
Email is an absolutely marvelous communication tool.
Email is an acceptable and preferred way to send a follow up in today's business world.
Email is an acceptable form of communication.
Email is an acceptable form of written approval.
Email is an ad.
Email is an addiction.
Email is an alternative means of communication.
Email is an amazing convenience to make contact with others and receive an answer within minutes.
Email is an amazing tool.
Email is an asynchronous method of communication.
Email is an easy and efficient way to send information to another person.
Email is an easy and informal method of communication.
Email is an easy way of sending messages to other Internet users around the world.
Email is an easy way to contact actors, schedule an audition, and deliver sides.
Email is an easy way to distribute thoughts.
Email is an effective, low technology solution.
Email is an efficient way to ask simple questions and to arrange meetings outside of office hours.
Email is an especially convenient and effective way to get questions answered.
Email is an evolving medium.
Email is an excellent tool for communicating with media.
Email is an extremely sensitive topic right now.
Email is an ideal marketing and communication tool.
Email is an important imformation tools for all members of the community.
Email is an incredibly powerful tool that nearly everyone is under-utilizing.
Email is an indispensable way to reach customers.
Email is an inexpensive and quick means of communication.
Email is an inexpensive and quick way to communicate.
Email is an inexpensive method of communication.
Email is an inexpensive, easy and popular means of communication.
Email is an informal and unsecure means of communication.
Email is an invaluable communication for businesses.
Email is another common component of the Internet.
Email is another feature of Netscape Navigator.
Email is another main component and tool of the Internet.
Email is another matter.
Email is another online tool that requires cyber savvy.
Email is another possibly very interesting access mode - at least for appending to wiki discussions.
Email is another service.
Email is another source of unintended consequences.
Email is another way to contact experienced rabbit match-makers for advice and moral support.
Email is answered daily except for Sundays and holidays.
Email is answered daily.
Email is answered immediately.
Email is answered in the order it is received.
Email is answered promptly with extended hours.
Email is apparent and instant messaging is obvious.
Email is as easy to use as the telephone.
Email is as legally binding as printed communication .
Email is asynchronous.
Email is at fire dept.
Email is at the bottom of each page.
Email is available also at no extra charge.
Email is available any time.
Email is available at several sites for free or at no additional cost with basic internet service.
Email is available at various places in the town.
Email is available for all students and there is strong computer provision.
Email is available to all administrators and teachers.
Email is available to all students all the time so that home communication can be easy.
Email is available to the instructor and other students.
Email is available.
Email is avialable using the unix mail or elm commands, or via a pop client.
Email is back and working.
Email is back to normal.
Email is based on a totally different economic and legal model than snail mail.
Email is based on writing letters, notes, and remembering people.
Email is basically a quick way to send a message from one place to another.
Email is best as most of our working time is spent outdoors working with our plants.
Email is best contact method.
Email is best for most things.
Email is best for that.
Email is best, fax second best.
Email is best.
Email is better than phone for getting a fast reply.
Email is better than voice mail.
Email is better.
Email is blocked.
Email is boring but good.
Email is boring.
Email is both a powerful and a limited form of communication.
Email is both fast and a convenient way of communication.
Email is both fun and easy to use.
Email is both paperless and archivable by default.
Email is both paperless and can be saved easily.
Email is by far the best option.
Email is by far the most inexpensive form of communication across global distances.
Email is by far the most popular and most effective application on the Internet.
Email is by far the most popular online activity.
Email is central to the class experience.
Email is certainly more interactive than any of the written communication media.
Email is certainly the devil's work.
Email is certainly Welcome.
Email is chargeable, cost is based on technicians time, same as telephone.
Email is cheap and everybody is ready to make millions taking their products online.
Email is cheap and sometimes free.
Email is cheap, fast, and highly efficient.
Email is cheap.
Email is cheaper than communicating by fax.
Email is cheaper than courier services, postal mail, faxes or phone calls and faster than most.
Email is cheaper too.
Email is cheaper.
Email is checked a minimum of once per day.
Email is checked and answered regularly.
Email is checked at night and on the weekends.
Email is checked at our convenience.
Email is checked daily during the fall and winter semesters, and weekly during the summer.
Email is checked daily.
Email is checked frequently, and every email is responded to.
Email is checked frequently.
Email is checked often and answered promptly.
Email is checked on a syntactic correctness.
Email is checked periodically during every day.
Email is checked periodically throughout the day.
Email is checked regularly for new incoming messages.
Email is checked several times a day.
Email is checked several times daily.
Email is checked three times weekly.
Email is checked throughout the day.
Email is checked twice weekly.
Email is chosen by default.
Email is clearly the best method.
Email is completely acceptable and many people think nothing of getting a letter electronically.
Email is completely different than internet access.
Email is composed and read off-line making it a very cheap exercise.
Email is consider original work.
Email is considered company property.
Email is considered today's killer app as the primary means of communicating electronically.
Email is convenient, efficient, cost-effective, and easy to use.
Email is convenient.
Email is cool.
Email is cooler though.
Email is copied, archived, and retransmitted continuously as part of normal processing.
Email is cost effective and can be a great time saver.
Email is critical for corporate credibility.
Email is currently the most effective, direct way to reach lots and lots of prospective customers.
Email is currently unavailable.
Email is defined to the update medium.
Email is deleted from users mailboxes automatically according to the following criteria.
Email is delivered quickly.
Email is designed to save time by speeding up communication.
Email is different from a paper document.
Email is different from paper-based communication.
Email is discouraged.
Email is distributed automatically to subscribers' mailboxes.
Email is down.
Email is downloaded each evening and given to the recipients each morning at breakfast.
Email is due to be released soon and as is ftp.
Email is due to be released soon and ftp is already here.
Email is easily misunderstood.
Email is easy to forge, very easy.
Email is easy.
Email is effective, efficient and inexpensive - but only when used appropriately.
Email is efficient, but it can appear brusque.
Email is efficient, convenient and can be completed in isolation.
Email is electronic communication
Email is electronic mail, sent from computer to computer.
Email is electronic mail.
Email is electronic mail.
Email is emotionally neutral.
Email is encouraged.
Email is environmentally friendly.
Email is ephemeral by nature, and is often forgotten once received.
Email is especially appropriate for information questions.
Email is essential.
Email is essentially a publishing model.
Email is essentially private, like written post.
Email is even less expensive than mailing letters.
Email is even simpler.
Email is everywhere and almost free to use.
Email is everywhere in the business world today.
Email is everywhere, from desktops to shirt pockets.
Email is exchanged as frequently as either set of kids can get their correspondences compiled.
Email is exchanged with the shore several times per day.
Email is experience once removed, most of the time.
Email is explained, the Web is analysed, and serach engines are discussed, as well as newsgroups.
Email is far easier to handle with little to no CGI support.
Email is far faster and cheaper.
Email is far less secure than most people think.
Email is fast and efficient.
Email is fast and very cost effective.
Email is fast replacing the telephone as the most indispensable communications tool.
Email is fast, and so is the manner in which it is written and consumed.
Email is fast, cheap, and easy to use and can be read at the convenience of the viewer.
Email is fast, convenient, informal, easy, and becoming universal.
Email is fast, efficient, and at most times, free.
Email is fast, in fact it is virtually instantaneous if the computer is working.
Email is faster than conventional mail.
Email is faster than snail mail, but less reliable.
Email is faster.
Email is fine also.
Email is fine.
Email is Fine.
Email is first on the list of priorities.
Email is for communication between the instructor and individual students.
Email is for informational purposes only .
Email is for official university business only.
Email is for quick logistical questions only.
Email is for sending and receiving messages to other people.
Email is for the occasional modification of a web page and requires the least amount of expertise.
Email is form letter driven.
Email is forwarded to our current co-chairs.
Email is forwarded.
Email is free and easy to obtain.
Email is free and it takes about five minutes to sign-up for an email address.
Email is free, faxes and telegrams can be sent for nominal fees.
Email is free, travels almost instantaneously, and is readable at our own convenience.
Email is free.
Email is from human beings, press releases are from a committee.
Email is fully accessible.
Email is funny that way, sometimes it's easy to be misunderstood.
Email is generally text only.
Email is generally the best mode of communication.
Email is generally the best way to do it.
Email is generally unauthenticated.
Email is good for 'em.
Email is good for lots of things, but it is horrible for debugging.
Email is good for small files but awkward with files containing thousands of records.
Email is good that way.
Email is goooooood.
Email is great - take advantage of it.
Email is great because it is an efficient way of passing messages.
Email is great for communication, with colleagues and students.
Email is great for grandparents to bond with grandchildren.
Email is great for research interviews, dealing with complicated or controversial matters.
Email is great for sending pictures.
Email is great for staying in touch with customers and prospects.
Email is great if used correctly and with maturity, as well as responsibility.
Email is great way to comm.
Email is great, feel free.
Email is great.
Email is guaranteed to be confidential only when it is encrypted .
Email is handled at a different location than the office .
Email is handled the same way as a request received via the web interface.
Email is happiness.
Email is harmless.
Email is here to stay.
Email is highly persistent.
Email is highly preferred.
Email is hot and heavy here.
Email is how new information is usually communicated.
Email is how the school is going to communicate information to their students.
Email is important.
Email is in general sent too quickly, with no attention to the form of a message.
Email is in no way a replacement for counseling.
Email is included.
Email is increasingly important in today's society.
Email is inexpensive, fast and effective for many administrative functions and communications.
Email is infinitely easy to send.
Email is informal and criticisms like that are called flames .
Email is infrequent.
Email is instantaneous .
Email is instantaneous.
Email is integrated with form-based document databases to provide basic workflow features.
Email is interactive.
Email is international.
Email is intimate.
Email is invalid.
Email is just a form of html.
Email is just a part of a larger organizing strategy.
Email is just a stream of data with a recipient and certain standard headers on the front.
Email is just a wonderful channel for spilling out information.
Email is just as good.
Email is just like hardwire - fast, and problem free.
Email is just one example.
Email is just one of the services of the Internet.
Email is just one of the technologies known as the Internet.
Email is just the beginning.
Email is kept in areas that are meant to be accessed by a number of users.
Email is kept on a host.
Email is kept private.
Email is less expensive than the telephone, fax, or the postal service.
Email is less formal.
Email is like a long distance call because it ties up the host family phone line.
Email is like a postcard.
Email is like an efficient and free post office.
Email is like any other form of communication.
Email is like first class snail mail.
Email is like TV or radio.
Email is likewise a problem that is soaking up employee time.
Email is limited to buffalo.edu addresses.
Email is lknguyen.
Email is made for sending text.
Email is mail in non-print form.
Email is mainly text based.
Email is managed by account.
Email is managed in Outlook very efficiently.
Email is meant for informal correspondence and scholarly communications.
Email is meant for informal correspondence as well as scholarly and scientific communications.
Email is monitored regularly and is the preferred way of communication.
Email is monitored throughout the work day.
Email is more difficult as there is no centralized database of email addresses.
Email is more economical than paper purchases, faxing, postage, and long distance.
Email is more for an emergency basis.
Email is more informal than paper mail because it is used with more frequency and immediacy.
Email is more like a postcard than a letter.
Email is more like a postcard than a sealed envelope.
Email is more like a telephone call.
Email is more like conversation than it is like formal mail Short and sweet works best.
Email is more persistent in the corporation while telephony is more ephemeral.
Email is more reliable than phone.
Email is more reliable.
Email is much better than nothing.
Email is much cheaper than fax.
Email is much more difficult.
Email is much more efficient than telephone tic tac or answering machines.
Email is much more personal than direct mail and recipients resent hard sells.
Email is much more than a low-cost delivery mechanism.
Email is much more widely used than the Web, and is a far more effective tool for outreach.
Email is nearly instant communication.
Email is nice.
Email is no longer just for the technically inclined.
Email is no quicker than the online form and vice versa.
Email is nonexistent.
Email is non-existent.
Email is nothing more than text.
Email is notoriously difficult to erase.
Email is notoriously unreliable.
Email is now a loss leader.
Email is now a standard way of communicating in virtually every business.
Email is now almost as common a way to communicate as the phone has been in decades past.
Email is now available both in dorm, and outside at web cafes.
Email is now available to use to address subsets of users as needed in the future.
Email is now critical in the running of most companies and to many individuals.
Email is now one of the fastest ways to gain or lose potential customers.
Email is now part of business as usual.
Email is now the most common form of inquiry in almost all departments.
Email is now the preferred method for error and wish list reporting.
Email is now the preferred mode of communication on university campuses.
Email is now the primary form of business communication.
Email is now used in a third of college courses, survey finds.
Email is obviously better because it's easier to store and refer back to.
Email is of course most widely used Internet application in Nepal.
Email is of course the easiest.
Email is often a good way to get clarification on the posted job descriptions as well.
Email is often faster and cheaper than staffing phone lines.
Email is often most expedient.
Email is often the fastest, easiest way to touch base with a slow-pay customer.
Email is ok but doesn t always have the same impact.
Email is OK but snail mail more effective.
Email is okay, so are videos with friends.
Email is older than the personal computer but it is still a youngster with only decades of history.
Email is once again and forever more a safe communication venue.
Email is one great, cost effective way of staying in touch.
Email is one more way viruses can enter the school.
Email is one of the best ways.
Email is one of the better features of the internet.
Email is one of the easiest ways to stay in contact.
Email is one of the fastest and most convenient ways to distribute viruses throughout the Internet.
Email is one of the fastest ways.
Email is one of the great things about the Internet.
Email is one of the Internet's most powerful tools.
Email is one of the leading methods of transmitting viruses.
Email is one of the most commonly used Internet services.
Email is one of the most frequently used Internet activities.
Email is one of the most important features of any handheld organizer.
Email is one of the most popular Internet services.
Email is one of the most popular technologies used in projects.
Email is one of the most powerful yet most underutilized internet tools.
Email is one of the most read and used forms of communication between college students.
Email is one of the most valuable tools there is for building Web site traffic.
Email is one of the oldest and most popular Internet-based applications.
Email is one of the primary potential sources of virus propagation.
Email is one way that error messages and alerts can be delivered to the right people.
Email is one way that people on the internet can communicate with each other.
Email is one way to respond to a web site.
Email is only one Internet application, but probably the most important.
Email is only total secure when it is encrypted.
Email is optional.
Email is Optional.
Email is our main means of communication.
Email is our preferred form of communication.
Email is our preferred method of support.
Email is our preferred mode of contact.
Email is our preferred way of communication.
Email is our preferred way to communicate.
Email is our primary means of communicating with our customers.
Email is our primary means of communication.
Email is our primary method of contact.
Email is our primary mode of communication with our members.
Email is overloaded.
Email is paid in advance.
Email is particularly insecure.
Email is perferred.
Email is perhaps one of the most basic ways to receive and store credit card numbers.
Email is permitted only at designated terminals.
Email is permitted using the account provided by the School District of Altoona.
Email is plain text only.
Email is played using synthetic speech, translating the text into speech.
Email is polled in the morning and evening.
Email is popular because it is fast and messages cost nothing.
Email is popular.
Email is possibly the most important and widely used feature on the Internet.
Email is possibly the most powerful aspect of the Internet.
Email is preferable.
Email is preferrable.
Email is preferred .
Email is preferred as it saves everyone time and increases accuracy.
Email is preferred but if submitting a disc please indicate the disc format and software used.
Email is preferred for both entry and landing forms.
Email is preferred with the resume attached.
Email is preferred, but diskette is often better for very long lists.
Email is preferred, but fax or mail applications are also acceptable.
Email is preferred.
Email is pretty important.
Email is pretty much a bread and butter application.
Email is private correspondence between senders and recipients.
Email is private correspondence between the sender and the recipient.
Email is probably the best and fastest way of reaching the contact person.
Email is probably the best method.
Email is probably the best way to communicate for the next few weeks.
Email is probably the best way.
Email is probably the least effective.
Email is probably the most efficient communication tool that has ever existed.
Email is probably the most efficient means of communication.
Email is probably the most efficient option.
Email is probably the most familiar form of asynchronous electronic communication.
Email is probably the most popular application over the Internet.
Email is probably the most practically useful part of the Internet for most people.
Email is probably the most used aspect of the internet at the moment.
Email is probably the most used service available to internet users.
Email is probably the most used, and abused of today's high tech tools.
Email is probably the most useful example of the transfer of files between computers.
Email is probably the most widely used.
Email is probably the most widely-used communications tool on the Internet .
Email is probably the most widely-used communications tool on the Internet.
Email is probably the most wide-spread use of the Internet today.
Email is probably the quickest and most reliable way.
Email is prolific.
Email is prone to various problems that can disclose private information.
Email is protected as much as possible.
EMail is protected as much as possible.
Email is provide for school use only.
Email is provided as a closed environment within the class limits.
Email is provided via email to our registered customers.
Email is push.
Email is quick and easy.
Email is quick and short.
Email is quick, and it counts.
Email is quick, browser-proof, personalised, everyone can get it and most people read it.
Email is quick, easy, and often vital to business productivity.
Email is quick, easy, convenient, and the most accessible.
Email is quick, easy, convienent, and the most accessible.
Email is quite simply electronic-mail.
Email is read and responded to every weekday morning.
Email is read during business hours only.
Email is read to the user over the phone.
Email is read weekly.
Email is readily available and can be accessed free of charge.
Email is really an oral medium.
Email is really electronic messaging, part of foundation for workflow automation.
Email is recognized as written communication and is considered public record.
Email is recommended.
Email is redistributed through the host named smtphost.
Email is reliable and minor updates are automatic.
Email is requested.
Email is required and web access is desirable.
Email is required for notification purposes only.
Email is required for notification.
Email is required to lookup customer.
Email is required.
Email is responded to in the order in which it was received.
Email is restricted from some computers.
Email is routed from computer to computer by way of an email address.
Email is routed through the internet and can sometimes take hours.
Email is routed to the server nearest the client using sendmail.
Email is said to be as private as sending a message in a postcard.
Email is same way, except click mail and type in address under hyper link.
Email is self-service, such as setting a forwarding email address or vacation auto responder.
Email is sent and delivered within minutes, making it a powerful tool that can be utilized.
Email is sent and received electronically via networked computers.
Email is sent and received using an email client .
Email is sent and stored as standard text that can be read with any word processor.
Email is sent as patches or updates come out.
Email is sent automatically among the members.
Email is sent directly to a member s email address confidentially.
Email is sent first, data file record is written second.
Email is sent less than once a month and only for product announcements or special offers.
Email is sent literally anywhere in the world at the speed of light.
Email is sent only upon request.
Email is sent out from our server immediately.
Email is sent to preview prior to class.
Email is sent to the user once the transfer requests to mass storage are processed by the system.
Email is sent to the user when the batch job ends.
Email is sent to the visitor and the webmaster.
Email is sent unencrypted, and is easily readable.
Email is sent, received, and stored by computers called mail servers .
Email is serious business.
Email is short for electronic mail and is the most used of all Internet applications.
Email is similar to a postcard sent through the postal service.
Email is similar to ordinary mail but travels electronically, is much faster, and is free.
Email is simple.
Email is simply a tool, albeit a very effective one, in an activist's toolbox.
Email is simply electronic mail.
Email is slightly slower, and inherently asynchronous.
Email is so easy to use in most environments that two things happen.
Email is so important in people's lives nowadays.
Email is SO much cheaper than keeping in touch by phone.
Email is so much faster than a phonecall.
Email is so quick and easy for the user.
Email is so unlike traditional correspondence.
Email is something else.
Email is sometimes easier than sending someone to a web site.
Email is sometimes optional.
Email is somewhat inactive.
Email is somewhere between conversation and formal writing.
Email is speech.
Email is still a great way to contact other people daily about folding.
Email is still a relatively informal means of communication.
Email is still free.
Email is still preferred.
Email is still the best technology for delivering quick updates.
Email is still the best way.
Email is still the dominant Internet application.
Email is stored at a server until it is able to be forwarded to the receiving email server.
Email is stored in a computer mailbox on the servers side.
Email is strongly preferred for all entries.
Email is such a 'light,' throw-away medium.
Email is suggested as the best way for support questions.
Email is suggested for quicker service.
Email is suggested.
Email is superb for instant global communication but it lacks a certain sensitivity.
Email is supported by the local technical staff.
Email is supposed to be simple, fast, and efficient.
Email is the accepted application format.
Email is the app that every parent uses.
Email is the basic means of communications on the internet.
Email is the best form of communication for educators.
Email is the best form of communication.
Email is the best means of communication given current travel plans.
Email is the best method of ensuring a prompt response.
Email is the best method.
Email is the best route, but feel free to call.
Email is the best route.
Email is the best way to allow time for the travel agent to search for the best price and schedule.
Email is the best way to communicate with the instructor outside class time and office hours.
Email is the best way to get technical support.
Email is the best way to go.
Email is the best way to keep in touch with community from home.
Email is the best way to make such a communication.
Email is the best way to safely meet or contact that special guy or girl.
Email is the best way.
Email is the best.
Email is the biggest use of the Internet.
Email is the center of the communication hub within today's successful corporate organizations.
Email is the classic and the most popular method of information push.
Email is the closest thing to the invention of LIVE television.
Email is the common denominator for everyone on the Internet.
Email is the computer transmission and storage of written messages.
Email is the delivery method for all assignments, even though formatting can suffer.
Email is the driving force of the Internet.
Email is the easiest way.
Email is the electronic equivalent of postcards.
Email is the electronic equivalent of writing a letter and sending it to someone in the post.
Email is the electronic way to deliver information that used to be delivered by mail or fax.
Email is the engine that is driving users to the Internet.
Email is the faster, cheaper and easier alternative to words on paper.
Email is the fastest and cheapest way for the club to communicate with the members.
Email is the fastest growing use of the Internet.
Email is the fastest, least expensive communication method ever.
Email is the fax of the future.
Email is the first wave of Internet's benefits.
Email is the great example.
Email is the greatest thing.
Email is the Internet's most popular feature.
Email is the key to successful Internet promotion - craft it carefully.
Email is the key to successful Internet promotion craft it carefully.
Email is the killer application of the Internet.
Email is the killer application, the paradigm shift, that impacts lawyers on a daily basis.
Email is the killer marketing application.
Email is the lifeblood of the Internet.
Email is the litmus test for a lot of folks.
Email is the lowest common denominator of net-access.
Email is the main form of communication to countless people all over the world.
Email is the main way that work gets done among professionals in many diverse fields.
Email is the more direct method.
Email is the most basic function of networks.
Email is the most common carrier of computer viruses.
Email is the most common device for communication.
Email is the most common form of Internet discourse.
Email is the most common methods of infection.
Email is the most common way to get a virus and our servers are stopping the vast majority.
Email is the most commonly used method of communication for technical support .
Email is the most commonly used method spreading viruses.
Email is the most commonly used network service that depends upon a messaging infrastructure.
Email is the most commonly used service on the Internet.
Email is the most cost effective.
Email is the most effective form of relationship marketing available.
Email is the most effective marketing solution for targeting, tracking, and measuring responses.
Email is the most effective means of getting in contact.
Email is the most effective way of receiving information today and it is here to stay.
Email is the most efficient method.
Email is the most efficient.
Email is the most fitting medium to discuss the deeper sides of life.
Email is the most impersonal of all forms of communication.
Email is the most important and most often used software on the Internet.
Email is the most important asynchronous way for communication.
Email is the most popular application of imode.
Email is the most popular form of correspondence between viewers and advertisers.
Email is the most popular form of Internet communication.
Email is the most popular form of online sport communication.
Email is the most popular Internet Activity.
Email is the most popular media for communication on Internet.
Email is the most popular use of the internet and it is extremely easy to use.
Email is the most popular use of the Internet today.
Email is the most popular, and probably the most productive, resource available on the Internet.
Email is the most popularly used feature of the Internet according to recent reports.
Email is the most powerful marketing tool in the world.
Email is the most reliable medium of communication.
Email is the most resource intensive way to get files.
Email is the most used arm of the Internet.
Email is the most used communications tool.
Email is the most used Net tool because it is the easiest Net tool.
Email is the most used service of the Internet.
Email is the most widely used application on the internet.
Email is the most widely used facet of the Internet.
Email is the most widely used of all Internet services.
Email is the most widely used of the CmC systems.
Email is the most widely used service offered on the Net.
Email is the most widely used service on the Internet.
Email is the most widely used technology application today.
Email is the new direct marketing rage.
Email is the next big goal - perfect for tiny screens and users on the move.
Email is the next common application.
Email is the number one application that business users want to access when away from their desks.
Email is the number one reason people go online, and they demand continuous availability.
Email is the number one use of the Internet and is now the dominant form of business communications.
Email is the one of the most effective marketing tools on the Internet.
Email is the only notification method that is global in reach.
Email is the only way to go.
Email is the only way.
Email is the perfect solution to giving our students a true audience for their writing.
Email is the perfect vehicle to build lifelong relationships.
Email is the postal system of the Internet.
Email is the prefered method of communication.
Email is the preferred communication.
Email is the preferred form of communication.
Email is the preferred means of communication due to time and schedule differences.
Email is the preferred means of communication.
Email is the preferred means of correspondence.
Email is the preferred medium of communication.
Email is the preferred method for contacting instructors.
Email is the preferred method for receiving announcements.
Email is the preferred method for submitting a support request, providing the data listed below.
Email is the preferred method of communication for technical support, and is addressed promptly.
Email is the preferred method of communication.
Email is the preferred method of contact when available.
Email is the preferred method of contacting faculty throughout the academic year and during breaks.
Email is the preferred method of customer support.
Email is the preferred method of submission, although papers by fax and snail mail are acceptable.
Email is the preferred method, however.
Email is the preferred method.
EMail is the preferred method.
Email is the preferred mode of communication for reserves.
Email is the preferred mode of communication for routine questions.
Email is the preferred mode of communication.
Email is the preferred mode of contact for reaching both instructors.
Email is the preferred mode of correspondence for preschoolers and octogenarians.
Email is the preferred mode of submission for abstracts.
Email is the preferred mode.
Email is the preferred route of communication.
Email is the preferred way, although pmail takes a little longer to get to the editor.
Email is the primary form of person to person communication on the Internet.
Email is the primary means of communication with our customers.
Email is the primary means of individual communication between instructor and student.
Email is the primary method of contact.
Email is the primary reason cited for going online, followed by searching for specific information.
Email is the primary source of communication.
Email is the primary vehicle for communication.
Email is the quickest and preferred form of contact.
Email is the real key to e-commerce profitability.
Email is the required communication method.
Email is the sales tool of the future.
Email is the same as regular mail, except it's faster, and more standardized.
Email is the same for now.
Email is the top application and activity on the Web, and nobody is doing it right.
Email is the worst form of harassment.
Email is the wrong method of sending binaries no matter how man people use it.
Email is to the office, what the mobile phone is to almost everybody.
Email is to use appropriate language and respect.
Email is today the most powerful method of distributing information on earth.
Email is too easy.
Email is typically the best way to notify the contact person.
Email is unreliable, though perhaps more so than the telephones.
Email is unsafe as a means of doing legal business.
Email is used actively for correspondence and for interlibrary loan.
Email is used by staff to communicate with colleagues throughout the district.
Email is used extensively for interaction with customers.
Email is used extensively to notify users of available surveys, results or goals.
Email is used extensively within the department and internet access is available.
Email is used for communicating with other libraries.
Email is used for private communication with the instructor.
Email is used in one practical.
Email is used only for notifications.
Email is used to converse with the instructor and others in the course.
Email is used to request product information and other general questions.
Email is useful for a wide variety of purposes.
Email is useful to lawyers for several reasons.
Email is useful.
Email is usually better anyways.
Email is usually easier and equally quick.
Email is usually the easiest and the most unique.
Email is usually the first thing that Internet newbies try in cyberspace.
Email is usually the most reliable contact method.
Email is usually the quickest way to receive a reply.
Email is utilized to facilitate communication amongst the members.
Email is valuable to a webmaster.
Email is very convenient.
Email is very different.
Email is very easy to intercept.
Email is very easy to use and everyone on the Internet has it.
Email is very effective for a time manager.
Email is very exciting.
Email is very fast.
EMail is very fast.
Email is very good for a lot of reasons, but it's very time-consuming.
Email is very impersonal.
Email is very much preferred for all correspondences.
Email is very much the same way.
Email is very personal to an individual.
Email is very similar to our postal mail system.
Email is very well catered for.
Email is viewed as informal and no one seems to mind a few mistakes.
Email is viewed normally while fax mail is view by a fax viewer module in the application.
Email is virtually impossible to obliterate.
Email is way better because people can do it when they want to.
Email is welcome.
Email is welcomed.
Email is what every webmaster looks forward to.
Email is wide open.
Email is widely popular but mostly quite slow and requiring people to check their account.
Email is wonderful for sharing and collecting information.
Email is wonderful, just about everybody here has an email address.
Email is wonderfully efficient for that kind of communication.
Email is worse.
Email is written on one computer, then sent to be read on another computer nearby or far away.
Email is, arguably, the most important service offered on the Internet.
Email is, however, clearly a useful adjunct communication media.
Email is, in fact, a sort of hybrid, combining aspects of print and speech.
Email is, well, unread and unwritten.
Email is. . .
Email Just fill out the form below.
Email just seems to snarl things up further and further.
Email Keep in touch with friends, family, and the world.
Email keeps getting returned as invalid address.
Email leads by keyword or geographic location.
Email leads to mass mailings.
Email lets companies communicate instantly with thousands of customers.
Email lets the user set up interrupts or sounds to get the users attention when needed.
Email lies somewhere between casual informal speech and formal writing.
Email link only.
Email Listed below are our contact email addresses.
Email lists annoucements, discussion groups, newsletters.
Email look up directories.
Email makes communication cheap, efficient, easy, instantaneous.
Email makes doing business easier.
Email makes it easier for people, in and out of business, to keep in touch.
Email makes it easy to copy messages to several users simultaneously.
Email makes it easy to quickly get a message to a large number of recipients.
Email makes it easy to reach out to a vast number of people with the push of a single button.
Email makes it even lower.
Email makes it hard to distinguish moods.
Email makes the contact and exchange of information fast and inexpensive.
Email makes the worldwide hospitality network function much more smoothly.
Email means electronic mail - that is, a message sent through a computer system or network.
Email nearly makes collecting from the occasional deadbeat a non-issue, too.
Email necessitates the use of substitute symbols.
Email needs to be looked at with a whole fresh perspective.
Email never has a busy signal, or hold.
Email never importunes.
Email now adds a powerful new resource to the list.
Email now allows for automatic reading of email message text.
Email now allows graphics, multimedia, coded messages, encapsulated files.
Email now exceeds the telephone globally in volume of exchanges.
Email now represents one of the main methods for job searching and for contacting employers.
Email Now skip ahead to the field requesting an email address.
Email now works again.
Email offers a cost effective yet media-rich alternative to traditional snail mail.
Email offers many advantages over both the traditional postal system and the telephone.
Email offers the asynchronous opportunity to have a question asked and answered.
Email offers the best of the phone and the mail.
Email offers, Thanks in Advance.
Email opens up tremendous opportunities to save in long-distance communication costs.
Email passes from one computer to another as it travels along a network.
Email permits the writer to send afterthoughts relating to the initial communication.
Email poses risks of disclosure of privileged, confidential or sensitive information.
Email presents new problems because it can arrive unperceived by other members of staff.
Email Presents the general configuration and use of email.
Email privaleges, matchmaking, photo.
Email produced in the scope of the District's work is public record.
Email produces a text box for entering the email address.
Email provides a certain level of anonymity, which makes some students feel more comfortable.
Email provides a cheap fast method of sending information around the world.
Email provides a cost savings in communicating with others and distributing information.
Email provides a fast and effective means of communications.
Email provides a fun and easy means of ongoing professional development for staff.
Email provides a wonderful tool for coordinating schedules and conveying scheduling problems.
Email provides a written record of the exchange between students and teachers.
Email provides and excellent medium for sharing information and documents.
Email provides anonymity.
Email provides entry points, stop loss exits and profit objectives.
Email provides fast, easy, and cost effective communications.
Email provides instant access.
Email provides practice in writing.
Email provides quick and easy service for many.
Email ranks below all other forms of communication for effectiveness with national politicians.
Email reaches only a small and somewhat homogeneous segment of the population.
Email regularly comes in with vital clues, or congratulations on an arrest.
Email related professional development can take many forms.
Email remains the Internet's killer app.
Email remains the Internet's most popular application.
Email reminders about deadlines for amendments.
Email replies to responses to unsat.
Email replies to thread to address above.
Email reports from most screens Every generated page times the server.
Email reports to any internet email address.
Email reports to colleages and suppliers.
Email represents the ultimate form of communication to reach an enduser.
Email requires a network to be practical.
Email requires a password.
Email requires expertise.
Email requires writing, thus is an excellent tool for improving written communications.
Email results to one of the addresses in the Contacts Page.
Email resumes to the indicated addresses only.
Email Save Our Seas , today.
Email saves time, allows faster responses and greater flexibility.
Email scanning Some newer antivirus software includes hooks into common email client software.
Email See below - the graphical presentation is to reduce the incoming spam.
Email seeks to improve the educational success of students through extended learning opportunities.
Email seems like a security disaster just waiting to happen.
Email seems quite safe and more simple than e-commerce.
Email seems slightly more palatable.
Email seems to be the most economical way.
Email seems to be the way ASHA people keep in touch.
Email seems to still work, though.
Email seems to work much better than the newsletter for recruiting volunteers.
Email seems to work well for messages and arranging appointments.
Email Send a file to others.
Email Send an email to the referee.
Email Send and receive messages on up to six existing personal and business email accounts.
Email Send and receive messages.
Email Send as a plain text email.
Email Send completely untraceable anonymous email.
Email Send email to any member of the group.
Email Send email.
Email Send the guys some email.
Email sends the marked records to an email address.
Email sent by visitors to our web site is deleted after a response is provided.
Email sent from site is hidden to end users.
Email sent from the free sites is hard to track and ties up networking resources.
Email sent to subscribers contains instructions for opting-out of the subscription.
Email sent to the email list is forwarded to everyone on the subscriber list.
Email sent to the list server is delivered to all the members of the list.
Email sent to the project is maintained as private communication.
Email serves as an effective vehicle for electronic distribution in South Asia.
Email sits in the inbox.
Email sits on servers until delivered.
Email solves two problems patients often complain about.
Email stands for electronic mail .
Email stands for electronic mail.
Email stands for Electronic mail.
Email Staying current with e-mail etiquette and diplomacy takes a little finesse.
Email still dominates.
Email stresses content over form as it is basically limited to plain text.
Email suggests many more people are researching their trips to the county via our pages.
Email summarises the day's events while the Internet version provides latest news.
Email supersedes direct marketing.
Email supports individual to individual and individual to group interaction.
Email supports remote access and synchronised emails as well as SMS messaging.
Email takes on a whole new form which includes graphs, tables, and graphics.
Email takes on the form of a conversation without the vocal and facial tones.
Email takes seconds, minutes or longer.
Email takes too long.
Email takes up disk space on the bank's server.
Email takes up easily an hour a day on average.
Email takes up little space and can easily be filed.
Email tends to be handled at all hours of the day and night.
Email tends to be more conversational and easier for a quick reply.
Email then becomes the primary means of staying in touch.
Email thus tends, like conversational speech, to be much sloppier and more ambiguous.
Email thus tends, like conversational speech, to be sloppier than communications on paper.
Email traveling over the internet can only be in text format.
Email Use commas to separate emails.
Email Use electronic mail to transmit or receive messages almost instantaneously.
Email Visit our web page .
Email Visit Our Website .
Email Visit some other great counties of central England.
Email wants or interests.
Email Welcome to our book shop.
Email Welcome to the largest car stereo and car audio warehouse in the United States.
Email works again.
Email works best for new Internet acquaintances.
Email works better when messages are focused on one topic.
Email works differently.
Email works fine.
Email works flawlessly.
Email works great.
Email works in a 'Store and Forward' manner.
Email works in a very similar way.
Email works in basically the same manner.
Email works just like regular mail.
Email works much the same way.
Email works the best.
Email works the majority of the time.
Email works very, very neatly with the Web, and with ftp for that matter.
Email works well too.
Emails are a fun way to communicate.
Emails are a great solution, as long as the attachments are small.
Emails are acceptable for changes to the original list.
Emails are acceptable for making changes to the list.
Emails are also customizable.
Emails are also welcome for any questions.
Emails are always welcome, too.
Emails are blithely ignored, they say.
Emails are concise and contain only product information, no ads.
Emails are extremely impersonal.
Emails are frankly easier to deal with than telephone calls.
Emails are free and phone calls very inexpensive now.
Emails are Free.
Emails are great for progress reports and exchange of information.
Emails are in Flash format and come often.
Emails are infrequent and brief .
Emails are more popular now than any other form of communication.
Emails are neither private nor secure.
Emails are OK, but faxes and phone calls are more effective.
Emails are OK, but faxes and phone calls are most effective.
Emails are private and leaving is easy.
Emails are strictly for business.
Emails are usually easier to answer.
Emails are welcome.
EMails are welcome.
Emails can also be routed according to agent skill, they say.
Emails can be fun and helpful, but telephones can always be used instead.
Emails can often slip through the cracks or get deleted.
Emails come every other week.
Emails come from around the world and our prayers are sent accordingly.
Emails come in, bearing thanks and positive wishes for a job well done.
Emails containing the virus come with an attachment.
Emails continue to arrive along with a frightening package.
Emails continue to come in from all over the world, containing many requests for information.
Emails have no confidentiality guarantee.
Emails offer informal brief communication with almost instantaneous delivery.
Emails record the date and time the mesage was sent.
Emails show a federal regulator shared non-public information with an investor.
Emails take up space.
Emails tend to be much more detail-oriented.
Emails typically come every week or two.
Emails use no stationary - the only cost is a local rate phone call for a few seconds.
Email always gets there a lot faster.
Email always welcome.
Email always works too.
Emails always welcome.
Email often originates from outside of the local area network.
Emails often have totally unintuitive file-names.
Email sometimes contains witticisms.
Email sometimes makes people chatty, casual, inappropriately informal, and sloppy.
Email sometimes makes people chatty, casual, informal, and downright silly.
Email sometimes makes tempers flare.
Emails sometimes contain more than just text.
Email usually yields the quickest response.
All email are subject to publication at any time without prior or further notice to the writer.
All email indicates the sender as well as the recipient.
All email is answered by friendly humans.
All email is answered immediately.
All email is answered personally.
All email is answered promptly.
All email is answered.
All email is appreciated.
All email is deleted upon account termination.
All email is forwarded automatically and immediately by the mail server.
All email is forwarded automatically and immediately.
All email is private and confidential.
All email is read and responded too.
All email is read.
All email is responded to as quickly as possible.
All email is responded to personally by family.
All email is secure and requires a password to view.
All email is sent on the understanding that it is transmitted on a non-confidential basis.
All email is stored on the mail server until the user retrieves it, or it becomes too old.
All email is stored on the server.
All email is tracked and can be examined.
All email is welcomed.
All email passes through a virus scanner before being delivered.
All email received is treated with strict confidentiality.
All email sent to a list is posted to the newsgroup, and vice-versa.
All email sent to our address becomes our property.
All email sent to the class list is archived .
All email sent to the website is read and dealt with accordingly.
All email sent to the website is read, considered and where necessary acted upon.
All emails are confidential, only the important information is published to the website.
All emails are personal and private.
All emails are subject to editing.
All emails consists of header and a a body .
All emails go to our helpdesk.
All emails sent are invaluable to the process.
Any email can contain a virus.
Any email sent to that address is distributed to all the adresses in the list.
Any email sent to the tutor is private.
Every email contains instructions on how to unsubscribe from the list.
Every email contains the actual message plus the headers.
Every email ever sent to the list is archived here.
Every email includes an unsubscribe address on the bottom of the page.
Every email includes instructions for how to be removed from our database if desired.
Every email is an extra stimulance to write another story.
Every email is answered the same day it's sent.
Every email is read and considered.
Every email is read and responded to as quickly as possible.
Every email sent to the list is sent to everyone on the list.
Many emails are incredibly abusive.
Many emails are redundant, obvious, or just plain laziness.
More email is sent each year than postal mail.
Most email is answered by the following day.
Most email is answered within the hour .
Most email is answered within the hour.
Most email is delivered over the net within minutes.
Most email is ignored.
Most email is insecure unless it has been encoded or encrypted.
Most email is sent unencrypted - anyone can read it.
Most email is vulnerable to mass email advertising.
Most emails are general comments and questions regarding modeling.
Most emails are positive.
Some email exist, that when read, deletes files or destroys hardware.
Some email is retained for reference purposes.
Some email reading software only understands plain text.
Some emails are fake.
Some emails arrive days late, others never at all.
Some emails contain only a few sentences.
Emailed answers benefit just one person.
Emailed comments are due by noon the day preceeding our next meeting.
Emailed contributions are preferred.
Emailed entries are highly encouraged.
Emailed group leaders the requirements for the final report.
Emailed listings are available.
Emailed meeting notes to all members.
Emailed orders can save a week of shipping time.
Emailed papers are preferred.
Emailed responses are preferred.
Emailed submissions are also OK, if both authors are identified.
Emailed submissions are preferred.
Emailed submissions can either be as an attachment, or as part of the body of the email.
Emancipated minors can consent to any therapeutic intervention and to psychotropic medication.
Emancipated minors have the right to receive treatment without parental consent or knowledge.
Emancipated students are totally responsible for paying all of their educational costs.
An emancipation is a release
Emancipation also affects a child's legal rights and responsibilities.
Emancipation comes so slowly to the gridiron.
Emancipation is a major decision and requires careful thought and planning.
Emancipation is an experimental work.
Emancipation is controlled by the oppressor and phased in over time, but still uncertain.
Emancipation is generally a long, drawn-out process.
Emancipation is liberation resulting from social action.
Emancipation is recognized in Greene County.
Emancipation is recognized in Northampton County but it is very rare.
Emancipation is recognized in Washington County.
Emancipation is seen in religious terms.
Emancipation is the demand of civilization.
Emancipation is the dissolution of the parent-child relationship.
Emancipation is the key word.
Emancipation is usually permanent.
Emancipation lies in destroying caste enclosure from all sides.
Emancipation means completely self-supporting and financially independent.
Emancipation occurs when the child is no longer under the legal authority and control of another.
Emancipation takes place by the attainment of majority.
Emancipations are liberations.
Every emancipation has in it the seeds of a new slavery, and every truth easily becomes a lie.
Emasculation is necessary to prevent self-pollination.
An embalmer is an undertaker
Embalmers are responsible for maintaining the workrooms and equipment in a sanitary condition.
Embalmers can protect themselves by always wearing gloves and a mask when working with cadavers.
Embalmers prepare bodies for burial in conformity with legal requirements.
Embalmers prepare bodies for burial.
Embalmers prepare the body for viewing and burial.
Embalmers protect the public health by properly caring for the deceased.
Embalmers Wash hands.
Embanet communications are immediate and accessible from everywhere.
An embankment is a hill
Embankments are a bad idea.
Embankments are mounds.
Embankments are steep at some road crossings and some other locations.
Embankments are terrain features that critically affect the realism of ground warfare simulations.
An embargo is protectionism
Embargo cripples Salem's economy.
Embargo produces daily hardship.
Embargoes are a thing of the past.
Embargoes are effective with allies and trading partners.
Embargoes are only as good as their implementation and enforcement.
Embargoes are yesterday's strategies.
Embargos are basically political although they have serious economic and financial consequences.
Embargos are macabre.
Embargos are trade barriers.
Embarkation fee is included.
Embarrassed beginners lose their fear and plunge in.
Embarrassed silence descends.
Embarrassed wives come in with horribly wrinkled suits that they left in the dryer too long.
Any embarrassing coincidences are regrettable and hereby apologized for.
Embarrassing errors tend to creep in at the last minute.
Embarrassing moment passes quickly.
Embarrassing things can happen.
Embarrassment can be another incentive.
Embarrassment causes blushings.
Embarrassment eventually evaporates.
Embarrassment frustrates the healing process.
Embarrassment is a figment that is only embodied when it is willed.
Embarrassment is a major barrier from bringing up health problems in general.
Embarrassment is a natural occurrence in all families.
Embarrassment is a thing soon forgotten.
Embarrassment is cited as a possible reason for the delay.
Embarrassment is contagious.
Embarrassment is difficult to observe.
Embarrassment is emotional states.
Embarrassment is nothing new.
Embarrassment is one of the few disciplinary tools left to the parents of teens today.
Embarrassment is one reason.
Embarrassment is one.
Embarrassment is only society's vice, anyway.
Embarrassment is shame
Embarrassment is shame.
Embarrassment is strong.
Embarrassment is the first.
Embarrassment is trouble.
Embarrassment is understandable but neither necessary nor helpful.
Embarrassment isa shame.
Embarrassment probably deters as many women from nursing as physical barriers.
An embassy is a government building
Embassies are everywhere, specially in the old town, almost next to each other.
Embassies are generally quite good about sending material back.
Embassies are government buildings.
Embassies are icons.
Embassies are most often in the capital of the foreign country.
Embassies can also be a source of agent contacts.
Embassies can also provide current information on required vaccinations and health certificates.
Embassies can be good sources for information on a country.
Embassies can be stricter to prospective students than to tourists.
Embassies operate in Brasilia and in Budapest.
Embassies Refer to the list of diplomatic missions .
Embassies Refer to the list of diplomatic missions.
Embassies remain large, despite strong national budget pressures.
Embassies tend to have more one year stipends than funding for multi-year students.
Embassy is aware of no investor who has encountered remittance difficulties.
Embassy offers quality components for a complete radiant heating system.
Embassy sites Links to all Israeli embassy and consulate sites world wide.
Embassies often keep lists of local mortgage brokers, financial advisors and solicitors.
Embassies sometimes issue invitations to receptions for teachers of the language they represent.
Every embassy has a different time frame.
Every embassy is involved in working to promote U.S. commercial interests.
Every embassy needs materials of the Monitoring to work more efficiently.
Many embassies link to business information in their home countries.
Many embassies use discretionary funds to support grassroots efforts for the advancement of women.
Most embassies are closed, and very few are willing to issue visas to Iraqi citizens.
Most embassies have their own social and cultural activities.
Most embassies provide in depth data about their countries.
Some embassies are understandably willing to make room for attorneys to appear at the hearings.
Some embassies contain business and investment information.
Some embassies occasionally have programs of films from the countries they represent.
Some embassies offer placement and other resources through their education office.
Many embeddable languages are also extensible.
Embedded applications are data intensive.
Embedded bitmaps can relieve the difficulty of creating instructions for very complex glyph designs.
Embedded browsers allow devices other than PCs to access the Internet.
Embedded clauses are clauses inside other clauses.
Embedded design is a dynamic field that changes daily.
Embedded design is a much more demanding task than traditional software development.
Embedded devices are part of new invention frontiers.
Embedded experience is a plus.
Embedded information is a hidden and inseparable digital signature or fingerprint.
Embedded information is inseparable annotations or labels of multimedia documents.
Embedded intelligence is used throughout the system to significantly improve data integrity.
Embedded keys are the same as a standard keyboard keys but with an additional operation built in.
Embedded logs are the property of the state in Florida.
Embedded magnets hold the stamper flat against the hub.
Embedded metadata is a more recent event.
Embedded Networks are digital networks designed to interconnect everyday objects.
Embedded objects can include sound, video and animated graphics.
Most embedded parameters can only appear once, at the head of the data file.
Embedded problems are more difficult to fully diagnose on the first attempt.
Embedded processors are difficult to test and expensive to replace.
Embedded RIPs are usually slower than external versions, but are much less expensive .
Embedded simulation is a key technology used for embedded training.
Embedded solutions are available for many of today's hottest applications.
Embedded spaces stay.
Embedded staff is experienced and assumes responsibility for compliance.
Embedded style is the style attached to one specific document.
Embedded systems are . . .
Embedded systems are a good example.
Embedded systems are a part of every aspect of our lives.
Embedded systems are a synergistic blend of hardware and software.
Embedded systems are a unique nexus in computers where the hardware and the software are one.
Embedded systems are another problem area.
Embedded systems are computer chips programmed to perform a fixed set of tasks.
Embedded systems are designed to do a specific task, unlike general-purpose computers.
Embedded systems are electronic microprocessors or chips that are built into pieces of equipment.
Embedded systems are far more diverse than devices on the desktop and service sides.
Embedded systems are microchips that control functions in a digital device.
Embedded systems are prime components of global infrastructure.
Embedded systems are the circuit boards and controllers that run the universe.
Embedded systems are the most critical.
Embedded systems are ubiquitous and used in many safety and mission critical roles.
Embedded systems are useful because they are inexpensive and run their programs reliably.
Embedded systems are what make the world go round.
Embedded systems can be difficult to test and modify.
Embedded systems can be very complex.
Embedded systems can benefit from the software platform independence of a virtual machine.
Embedded systems contain programmed instructions running via processor chips.
Embedded systems have similar problems to software systems.
Embedded systems pervade nearly every aspect of our lives.
Embedded systems programming doesn t seem to require much attention to scalability either.
Embedded systems running safety-critical applications have a quandary.
Embedded systems suffer from a chaotic, ad hoc development process.
Embedded tools run on a host that is separate to the target.
Embedded tools work best on a web site with frames.
Embedded vendors seek differentiation.
Embedded videos enable new teachers to actually see veteran teacher delivering STEP lessons.
Embedded vocabularies are available for a wide range of specialists.
Embedded web is the wave of the future.
Embedded words can be another problem.
Embellished crosswalks are helpful to the children.
Embellishment is a common method of composition using a known note-sequence.
Embellishment is decoration.
Embellishment is elaboration
Embellishment is expansion.
Embellishment is reduced and concentrated on focal points rather than the entire surface.
Embellishment is the premier show for the bead and button enthusiast, but it's more than that.
Embellishment makes for a good fashion story.
Embellishment unfolds the issue, arguing for the truth of the propositon and rationale.
Embellishments are additions which can be added to an outfit.
Embellishments are at the quilter s discretion.
Embellishments are important.
Embellishments are optional.
Embellishments can cost from a few cents to several dollars.
Embellishments enjoy a wide scope and variety in Persian letters.
Embellishments range from inlay and onlay to stitching, attachments and relief work.
Embellishments range from the clever to comical to just plain insane.
More embellishments continue.
An ember is a fragment
Ember isa fragment.
Embers are books.
Embers are fragments.
Embers are the hot remains of a fire.
Embers can blow more than a mile, possibly starting new fires.
Embers can shoot out of the fireplace and easily catch a stack of old magazines on fire.
All embers are to be extinguished at the termination of the event.
Embezzlement comes after long periods of bitterness, lack of contentment, and greed.
Embezzlement is a breach of trust .
Embezzlement is a felony
Embezzlement is a serious charge.
Embezzlement is a specific intent crime.
Embezzlement is a violation of trust by people often regarded as friends and confidants.
Embezzlement is common and includes the sale of weapons, munitions and any other property.
Embezzlement is frequently an offense of a bank employee or of a comptroller of a corporation.
Embezzlement is larceny.
Embezzlement is often the most misunderstood and complicated crime to discover, or to investigate.
Embezzlement is the act of diverting money fraudulently for one's own use.
Embezzlement is the main crime exposure when operating in foreign countries.
Embezzlement necessarily involves a position of trust.
Embezzlements are emotional as well as financial crimes.
Embezzlements are generally both ego and habit crimes, and are rhythmic, predictable and cyclic.
Embezzlements are very widespread, abuse of authority, misuse or misplacement of funds.
Embezzlements surface from allegations or complaints by co-workers of the embezzler.
Embezzlements surface from internal, external, and operational compliance audits.
Most embezzlements are actually a series or combination of crimes, rather than a single crime.
An embezzler is a slicker
An embezzler is a thief
Embezzlers are deceivers.
Embezzlers are thiefs.
Embezzlers are typically bookkeepers or accountants in small firms.
Embezzlers cover their tracks by removing and destroying original checks returned by the bank.
Embezzlers display universal behavioral symptoms.
Embezzlers raise more havoc for public accountants than they do for their employers.
Embezzlers rationalize their behavior to conform with their own morals and ethics.
Embezzlers typically design very complex schemes to keep auditors off their trails.
Embezzlers violate all commonly accepted business and personal values, morals and ethics.
Embezzlers often abuse alcoholic beverages and other mind and mood-altering drugs.
Embezzlers often make one grand hit and run away.
Embezzlers often use the time frame immediately following a reconcilement to commit a theft.
Embezzlers usually intend to pay back the funds they have stolen.
Emblaze technology is built for today but ready tomorrow.
An emblem is a pattern
Emblem designs for squadron level units consist of a symbolic design on a circular shield or disk.
Emblem isa decoration.
Emblem isa ornament.
Emblems act like words, they have direct verbal translations.
Emblems are a square with series designation embossed and bowtie on top.
Emblems are another issue.
Emblems are designs.
Emblems are pictures made of wool chenille.
Emblems are substitutes for words.
Emblems are symbols.
Emblems are universally known symbols.
Emblems expire automatically when an organization or institution terminates.
Emblems have (part) sections.
Emblems have a direct verbal translation.
Emblems representing most sports and activities are available.
All emblems are the property of the respective organizations.
Some emblems reflect experience.
Embodiment also plays an important role in constructing the contexts that determine meanings.
Embodiment facilitates a robot using the world as a tool for organizing and manipulating knowledge.
Embodiment has (part) arms.
Embodiment has (part) body substances.
Embodiment has (part) cell membranes.
Embodiment has (part) cells.
Embodiment has (part) corpi.
Embodiment has (part) cytoplasm.
Embodiment has (part) heads.
Embodiment has (part) human bodies.
Embodiment has (part) legs.
Embodiment has (part) material bodies.
Embodiment has (part) necks.
Embodiment has (part) nuclei.
Embodiment has (part) personality.
Embodiment has (part) plasma membranes.
Embodiment has (part) sections.
Embodiment has (part) vacuoles.
Embodiment has implications for methodology in epidemiology and medical anthropology.
Embodiment is a multilevel phenomenon.
Embodiment is discussed from both arti cial intelligence and psychology viewpoints.
Embodiment is here to stay as well.
Embodiment is icons.
Embodiment is objectification.
Embodiment is personification
Embodiment is personification.
Embodiment is very important to our faith.
Embodiment isa individual.
Embodiment isa person.
Embodiment isa somebody.
Embodiment isa someone.
Embodiment occurs on both figurative and literal levels.
Embodiment provides users.
Embodiment refers to the grounding of complex systems in physical experience and interactions.
Most embodiment provides users.
Emboldened fields require data.
Emboldened items are required fields.
Emboli are clots that form elsewhere but are carried by the blood to eventually lodge in the artery.
Emboli enter penetrating arteries of monkey brain in relation to their size.
Emboli formed by atherosclerotic plaque can also block arteries.
Emboli frequently originate in the heart, aorta, or carotid artery.
Emboli usually lodge at divisions of an artery, where the vessel narrows.
Most emboli are blood clots, but some are composed of fat, amniotic fluid, or air.
Most emboli are thromboemboli.
Embolic infarcts are more likely to be hemorrhagic than thrombotic infarcts.
Embolic strokes are due to cerebral embolism.
Most embolic strokes involve clots coming from the heart or catotid arteries.
Embolism is an occlusion
Embolism is diseases.
Embolism is occlusions.
Embolism is part of calendars.
Embolism is the killer, bends the injurer.
Embolism is time intervals.
Embolisms are blockages of blood vessels.
Embolisms can be life-threatening conditions.
Embolus resembles that of chaimona but the rami are further apart .
Emboluses are cardiovascular complications.
Emboluses are clots.
Emboluses are part of embolism.
Emboluses are vascular diseases.
Embolus usually originates from a thrombus in the heart.
Embossed characters are on the dial, adjacent to each day of the week.
Embossed holograms are easily mass produced at a low cost.
Embossed holograms are the lowest priced in large runs.
Embossed yarmulkes are available in all patterns listed on the embossed patterns page .
Many embossing companies run quite a variety of woods.
Embossing devices are available for notary, engineering, corporate, library, custom, and address.
Embossing films can be either thermoset or thermoplastic.
Embossing paper gives a added dimension to paper.
Embossing powders can also contain glitter.
Embrace friendships .
Embrace have nothing to prove to anyone anymore, except themselves, and it shows in the new songs.
Embrace improves traditional telephone sessions by adding the power of computer technology.
Embrace is a grip
Embrace is adoption.
Embrace is based in Glasgow, Scotland, and is full of writers whom simply wish to be published.
Embrace is clasps.
Embrace is inclusions.
Embrace is overly and explicitly didactic.
Embrace is so thick it barely comes out of the bottle.
Embrace is the tool used when creating levels or scenes for Vampire.
Embrace provides a support system to meet the unique needs of young parents.
Embrace sounds, smells and beautiful sights .
Embrace sounds, smells and beautiful sights.
Embraces are for the faithful child.
Embraces dance with other art forms.
Embraces growth opportunities and enjoys learning.
Embraces is far more than intense or severe it s haunting.
Embrasures are triangularly shaped spaces located between the proximal surfaces of adjacent teeth.
Embrasures have three functions.
Embroidered design matches our baseball cap.
Embroidered design shown is included in price.
Embroidered flowers form the front straps for a feminine look.
Embroidered garments are our specialty.
Many embroidered hats have a band and bow of narrow ribbon as a finish.
Embroidered items are non-returnable, with the exception, of course, of an error on our part.
Embroidered logo is displayed across the front.
Embroidered panels are also available.
Embroidered prices are below.
An embroiderer is a maker
Many embroiderers think tearaway backing is OK for knits.
Many embroiderers use computers to scan a design and convert it to embroidery instructions.
Embroidery floss is a wonderful item to use for decorating socks.
Embroidery floss is wrapped around the clothespins and tied off or glue down.
An embroidery hoop is a framework
Embroidery hoops work well since they automatically stretch and frame the fabric.
Embroidery threads are silk, tinsel, yarn , and fiber.
Embroideries are still prevalent, but appliques seem to be taking over.
Embroidery accented by trapunto is easy and elegant.
Embroidery borders the kerchief of the dress.
Embroidery can be less forgiving of abuse.
Embroidery can fit any budget.
Embroidery costs extra and takes several days.
Embroidery designs available for the eyelet chin bib are limited due to the smaller size of the bib.
Embroidery designs readily available on disks or brand-specific cards.
Embroidery designs with the outdoors in mind.
Embroidery embellishes everything from accessories to dresses and jackets.
Embroidery gives a richer look.
Embroidery goes high tech with the school's computerized system.
Embroidery includes mascots, symbols, crests, personal names, line names, etc.
Embroidery is a culturally-loaded textile art.
Embroidery is also available.
Embroidery is another hot pastime, and can be done by machine.
Embroidery is another popular handicraft, and tie-dyeing has come into fashion.
Embroidery is available on all coats.
Embroidery is available on all items.
Embroidery is available.
Embroidery is done in a clean, non-smoking home.
Embroidery is done in lower right corner.
Embroidery is done is sleeve color, except navy.
Embroidery is elaboration
Embroidery is embelished with seed pearls and clear sequins.
Embroidery is green, blue, red, lavender, white and black.
Embroidery is green, pink, yellow, purple, and red.
Embroidery is in rich purple, red, blue and yellow colors.
Embroidery is in warm earthtone colors of tan, maroon, and green.
Embroidery is included in the price of each item.
Embroidery is included in the prices below.
Embroidery is needlework.
Embroidery is of a cowboy boot, cowboy hat, and a rope, centered inside the museum name and city.
Embroidery is of a guitar, cowboy hat, and musical notes, below the museum name.
Embroidery is of any on file custom logo, text or logo library image.
Embroidery is often very poor on fakes, so check it carefully.
Embroidery is on black fabric backing, making it possible to use the piece as a quilt as well.
Embroidery is optional and available in dozens of variations.
Embroidery is our business from start to finish.
Embroidery is placed over the left breast pocket.
Embroidery is priced by how many stitches are in a design.
Embroidery is priced by how many stitches are in the design.
Embroidery is purple, pink, and green, with other colors for accent.
Embroidery is purple, raspberry, brown, and blue, with other colors for accent.
Embroidery is put on right pant leg.
Embroidery is sewn diagonally in the lower right corner.
Embroidery is solely the craft of women, who thereby preserve the traditional motifs of the tribe.
Embroidery is the icon of professional fashion.
Embroidery looks good and creates a good impression on most garments.
Embroidery looks great on hats, denim, polo shirts, T-shirts, etc.
Embroidery portrays a professional image - nothing else compares to the look or feel of embroidery.
Embroidery provides quality screenart and embroidery services.
Embroidery takes approx.
Embroidery takes persistence, but the rewards are great.
Embroidery works on a seven to ten working day turnaround.
Embroidery works well on hats, denim shirts, polo shirts, and even T-shirts.
Some embroideries emphasise particular customs.
Embryo culture is suggested to have several potential applications in plant research.
Embryo development is correlated with the intensity of zinc sparks.
Embryo development is immediate and Exoscopic .
Embryo development is temperature dependent.
Embryo development takes places.
Most embryo development takes places.
Embryo donation is a controversial process from both an ethical as well as a legal standpoint.
Embryo donation is another option if the male partner is also infertile.
Embryo selection is a case where the current law is also right.
Embryo selection is a very selective process.
Embryo thaw takes places.
Embryo transfer can be a profitable business for many veterinarians and business people.
Embryo transfer can cause mild cramping.
Embryo transfer involves implanting an in vitro embryo into a cow.
Embryo transfer is a unique tool to fight extinction of the wild species.
Embryo transfer is also a part of the operation, with many of the cows serving as embryo recipients.
Embryo transfer is carried out on the third or fourth day of progesterone therapy.
Embryo transfer is much like a slowly conducted pelvic examination.
Embryo transfer is our only business.
Embryo transfer is the procedure by which the embryo is placed into the uterus.
Embryo transfer is used to multiply quickly the 'highest quality' cows.
Embryo transfer refers to a step in which embryos are placed into the uterus.
Embryo transfers are also an available option.
An embryo is a plant
Embryo absorbs water, swells, bursts open seed coat.
Embryo begins to grow.
Embryo isa plant.
Embryo looks like a tadpole.
Embryo occupies most of space within egg except air cell.
Embryo recipient A woman who receives one or more donated embryos.
Embryo starts to germinate.
Embryo transfer The replacement of one or more embryos into the uterine cavity.
Embryos absorb nutrients.
Embryos acquire nutrition.
Embryos adapt to conditions.
Embryos appear to be resistant to infection until they hatch from the zona pellucida.
Embryos are a red-orange color.
Embryos are a rich but controversial source of stem cells.
Embryos are alive.
Embryos are amenable to a wide range of manipulations of their tissues, cells and molecules.
Embryos are animals.
Embryos are available from our clients cows.
Embryos are available.
Embryos are created in research cloning to serve, well, research.
Embryos are cultured, graded and selected for embryo transfer.
Embryos are embryology.
Embryos are formed in different ways.
Embryos are human lives.
Embryos are in a very sensitive stage of development when the eggs enter the hatchery.
Embryos are initially sexually indifferent and gonads can be testes or ovaries.
Embryos are like presidential candidates.
Embryos are organisms.
Embryos are ovophagous and consume smaller siblings.
Embryos are perfect diploids.
Embryos are pink to pink-red in color.
Embryos are plants.
Embryos are ready to mount or dissect once they have settled to the bottom of the well.
Embryos are released from uterus and attach to host tissue.
Embryos are the richest source of human stem cells but their use has been dogged by ethical debate.
Embryos are unable to clear their tracheal system of fluid.
Embryos become blastocysts.
Embryos become cell blastocysts.
Embryos become children.
Embryos become disable children.
Embryos become fetuses.
Embryos become healthy blastocysts.
Embryos become immature individuals.
Embryos become individuals.
Embryos can accommodate such levels of cellular damage and still establish healthy pregnancies.
Embryos carrying two copies of the nonfunctional gene fail to develop kidneys.
Embryos derive nourishment.
Embryos develop and hatch in about four weeks, then spend four to five months in the tadpole stage.
Embryos develop features.
Embryos develop from general to specific.
Embryos develop in egg masses cared for by the females.
Embryos develop in the bursae and develop into tiny brittle stars before they are released.
Embryos develop inside seeds.
Embryos develop into adults.
Embryos develop into embryos.
Embryos develop into fetuses.
Embryos develop into individuals.
Embryos develop kidneys.
Embryos develop muscular organs.
Embryos develop organs.
Embryos develop over long periods.
Embryos develop over months.
Embryos develop over periods.
Embryos develop saclike organs.
Embryos develop to first-stage larvae within about three weeks.
Embryos develop to fully formed first-stage larvae within about three weeks.
Embryos develop within ovules.
Embryos develop within single ovules.
Embryos die at fourth day of incubation.
Embryos die at second and third day of incubation.
Embryos display characters.
Embryos enter dormancy.
Embryos enter dormant states.
Embryos enter next stages.
Embryos enter stages.
Embryos enter states.
Embryos feed on plankton and are ciliated.
Embryos first develop into a trochophore larva, then a veliger, and finally a spat.
Embryos form cotyledons.
Embryos get nourishment.
Embryos get nutrients.
Embryos go through evolutionary stages.
Embryos go through larval stages.
Embryos go through stages.
Embryos go through various evolutionary stages.
Embryos go through various stages.
Embryos grow in cavities.
Embryos grow in chest cavities.
Embryos hatch in a few days and tadpoles transform in about two months.
Embryos hatch in a few days and tadpoles transform in two months.
Embryos hatch in a few days and tadpoles transform is about two months.
Embryos hatch in the evening.
Embryos hatch in two months.
Embryos have (part) cell membranes.
Embryos have (part) cells.
Embryos have (part) corpi.
Embryos have (part) cytoplasm.
Embryos have (part) nuclei.
Embryos have (part) plant parts.
Embryos have (part) plasma membranes.
Embryos have (part) sections.
Embryos have (part) vacuoles.
Embryos have activities.
Embryos have cell layers.
Embryos have cell mass.
Embryos have chances.
Embryos have four epibranchials.
Embryos have functions.
Embryos have immune functions.
Embryos have layers.
Embryos have mass.
Embryos have materials.
Embryos have sacs.
Embryos have structures.
Embryos have the same requirements prior to pipping that the chicks have following hatching.
Embryos have yolks.
Embryos initially grow using stored yolk.
Embryos lack an amnion, but eggs are laid in a jelly-like protective coating.
Embryos lacking ems function also show a ventral derepression of col expression.
Embryos lacking loco function have a normal overall morphology, but fail to hatch.
Embryos lacking nautilus are, however, missing a distinct and reproducible subset of muscle fibers.
Embryos look alike while adults look different.
Embryos need food.
Embryos need oxygen.
Embryos normally live on their fat, usually in the form of yolk.
Embryos null for csw , with a hypomorphic allele of raf show no tll activity.
Embryos obtain nourishment.
Embryos obtain nutrients.
Embryos possess cotyledons.
Embryos produce enzymes.
Embryos reach uteruses.
Embryos receive care.
Embryos receive food.
Embryos receive nourishment.
Embryos receive nutrients.
Embryos receive nutrition.
Embryos receive parental care.
Embryos receive prolong parental care.
Embryos receive their nourishment from the egg.
Embryos remain and develop in the gravel, consuming their egg sac.
Embryos remain in dormant states.
Embryos remain in states.
Embryos require embryo growth.
Embryos require growth.
Embryos require heat to develop.
Embryos require oxygen.
Embryos respond to vibration.
Embryos show differences.
Embryos show differentiations.
Embryos show features.
Embryos start out as a mass of cells.
Embryos stop development at the globular stage.
Embryos survive conditions.
Embryos survive pregnancy.
Embryos survive tough conditions.
Embryos touch membranes.
Embryos touch shell membranes.
Embryos undergo cell division.
Embryos undergo cleavage division.
Embryos undergo development.
Embryos undergo division.
Embryos undergo multiple cell division.
Embryos undergo rapid cell division.
Embryos use the yolk and receive some nourishment from the mother.
Embryos weigh twenty pounds and measure over fifty inches.
Embryos usually fall out of their chorions with gentle swishing during the rinse.
All embryo grading systems are subjective.
All embryos are the property of the client.
All embryos begin as a single-celled zygote that has been formed by the fusion of the gametes.
All embryos begin life looking very much the same, as far as outward appearances are concerned.
All embryos have a neurohypophysis with an infundibulum.
All embryos have an infundibular recess extending into the neurohypophysis.
All embryos seem arrested early but without multiple nuclei.
All embryos start out as female.
Any embryos produced are always inviable.
Many embryos develop in close association with a parent.
Most embryos absorb nutrients.
Most embryos acquire nutrition.
Most embryos adapt to conditions.
Most embryos become blastocysts.
Most embryos become cell blastocysts.
Most embryos become children.
Most embryos become disable children.
Most embryos become fetuses.
Most embryos become healthy blastocysts.
Most embryos become immature individuals.
Most embryos become individuals.
Most embryos derive nourishment.
Most embryos develop features.
Most embryos develop into adults.
Most embryos develop into embryos.
Most embryos develop into fetuses.
Most embryos develop into individuals.
Most embryos develop kidneys.
Most embryos develop muscular organs.
Most embryos develop organs.
Most embryos develop over long periods.
Most embryos develop over months.
Most embryos develop over periods.
Most embryos develop saclike organs.
Most embryos develop within ovules.
Most embryos develop within single ovules.
Most embryos enter dormancy.
Most embryos enter dormant states.
Most embryos enter next stages.
Most embryos enter stages.
Most embryos enter states.
Most embryos get nourishment.
Most embryos get nutrients.
Most embryos go through evolutionary stages.
Most embryos go through larval stages.
Most embryos go through stages.
Most embryos go through various evolutionary stages.
Most embryos go through various stages.
Most embryos grow in cavities.
Most embryos grow in chest cavities.
Most embryos have activities.
Most embryos have cell layers.
Most embryos have cell mass.
Most embryos have chances.
Most embryos have functions.
Most embryos have immune functions.
Most embryos have layers.
Most embryos have mass.
Most embryos have materials.
Most embryos have sacs.
Most embryos have structures.
Most embryos have yolks.
Most embryos obtain nourishment.
Most embryos obtain nutrients.
Most embryos perish, passing through the womb without attaching to the uterine wall.
Most embryos possess cotyledons.
Most embryos produce enzymes.
Most embryos reach uteruses.
Most embryos receive care.
Most embryos receive food.
Most embryos receive nourishment.
Most embryos receive nutrients.
Most embryos receive nutrition.
Most embryos receive parental care.
Most embryos receive prolong parental care.
Most embryos remain in dormant states.
Most embryos remain in states.
Most embryos require embryo growth.
Most embryos require growth.
Most embryos require oxygen.
Most embryos respond to vibration.
Most embryos show differences.
Most embryos show differentiations.
Most embryos show features.
Most embryos survive conditions.
Most embryos survive pregnancy.
Most embryos survive tough conditions.
Most embryos undergo cell division.
Most embryos undergo cleavage division.
Most embryos undergo development.
Most embryos undergo division.
Most embryos undergo multiple cell division.
Most embryos undergo rapid cell division.
Some embryos absorb secretion.
Some embryos absorb water.
Some embryos become seeds.
Some embryos become sporophytes.
Some embryos come into existence.
Some embryos consist of cotyledons.
Some embryos develop dormancy.
Some embryos develop forelimbs.
Some embryos develop into caterpillars.
Some embryos develop into ciliate larvae.
Some embryos develop into coral larvae.
Some embryos develop into corn plants.
Some embryos develop into diploid plants.
Some embryos develop into feed larvae.
Some embryos develop into larvae.
Some embryos develop into mature sporophytes.
Some embryos develop into plants.
Some embryos develop into second stage larvae.
Some embryos develop into sporophytes.
Some embryos develop into stage larvae.
Some embryos develop into swim larvae.
Some embryos develop into tadpoles.
Some embryos develop over summer.
Some embryos develop seeds.
Some embryos develop within seeds.
Some embryos follow patterns.
Some embryos form ovaries.
Some embryos germinate from seeds.
Some embryos grow in springs.
Some embryos grow into sporophytes.
Some embryos grow into trees.
Some embryos grow starches.
Some embryos have abnormalities.
Some embryos have children.
Some embryos have concentration.
Some embryos have domains.
Some embryos have equal opportunity.
Some embryos have gills.
Some embryos have life.
Some embryos have opportunity.
Some embryos have organs.
Some embryos have other organs.
Some embryos have ovaries.
Some embryos have potential.
Some embryos obtain air.
Some embryos obtain nutrition.
Some embryos produce hormones.
Some embryos produce testosterone.
Some embryos provide evidence.
Some embryos store food.
Some embryos survive for many years.
Some embryos survive for years.
Some embryos survive in labs.
Some embryos use straw.
Embryological development occurs as long as weather is favorable but ceases at some point.
Embryological development reveals a unity of plan.
Embryological development suggests other evidence of evolution.
An embryologist is a specialist
Embryologists agree that man is created when sperm and egg unite at the moment of fertilization.
Embryologists like to see that most of the cells are incorporated into the morula.
Embryologists study the developments processes of organisms.
Embryology begins with cells resulting from reproductive systems.
Embryology continues to play a role in current evolutionary dogma.
Embryology has to do with the young or developmental stages of animals.
Embryology is a study of how cells in the embryo of various organisms decide their fates.
Embryology is biology
Embryology is biology.
Embryology is concerned with the development of the embryo and the foetus.
Embryology is covered from implantation to birth.
Embryology is similar to renal duplication.
Embryology is the science studying the emergence of living order.
Embryology is the study of early or developmental stages of life.
Embryology is the study of the early development of animals and plants.
Embryology isa biology.
Embryology teaches that early embryos all start out as female.
Some embryology has outcomes.
Some embryology has significant outcomes.
Some embryology provides comparison.
Embryonal carcinoma is carcinoma
Embryonal carcinoma is carcinoma.
Embryonal carcinoma is more aggressive than seminoma.
Embryonal carcinoma metastasizes early and widely via both lymphatic and hematogenous routes.
Embryonal carcinomas tend to show gross necrosis and hemorrhage.
Embryonal cell divides and form eight celled octant.
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma is considered the most treatable form of the disease.
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma is sarcoma
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma is the cellular subtype in slightly more than half of patients .
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma is the cellular subtype in slightly more than half of patients.
Embryonic abnormalities can occur in birds on a diet poor in copper.
Some embryonic abnormalities occur in birds.
Embryonic axes help development.
Most embryonic axes help development.
Embryonic bradycardia is a poor prognosticator of pregnancy viability and needs follow-up.
An embryonic cell is a cell
Embryonic cells are a good example of how there can be cell division without growth.
Embryonic cells are alive sure, but only in the literal sense.
Embryonic cells are cells.
Embryonic cells are in general pig.
Embryonic cells are less likely to be rejected by the body's immune system.
Embryonic cells are totipotent in their early stages.
Embryonic cells have the potential to develop into all basic tissue types.
Embryonic cells produce signals that alter the behavior of neighboring cells.
Embryonic development involves a blastula.
Embryonic development involves cell division, differentiation, and morphogenesis.
Embryonic development is biological growth.
Embryonic development is disrupted both in vitamin A deficiency and in excess.
Embryonic development is, in the main, a continuous procedure, once fertilization has occurred.
Embryonic development lasts approximately two weeks.
Embryonic development occurs from the zygote through the eighth week of pregnancy.
Embryonic development occurs immediately.
Embryonic development requires the coordinated production and distribution of transcription factors.
Embryonic development retraces the steps of evolutionary history.
Embryonic development starts again when the temperature is increased.
Embryonic development starts with fertilization to create a zygote.
Embryonic development takes places.
Most embryonic development takes places.
Some embryonic development occurs during pregnancy.
Some embryonic development occurs in ovaries.
Embryonic disc consists of ectoderm, mesoderm and endoderm a.
Embryonic endoderm is formed by the process of gastrulation.
Embryonic endoderm lines two tubes within the body.
Embryonic growth depends directly on mitosis.
Embryonic growth depends on mitosis.
Most embryonic growth depends on mitosis.
Some embryonic growth takes places.
Embryonic mammals show jaws.
Most embryonic mammals show jaws.
Embryonic mesenchyme forms the periosteum, which contains osteoblasts.
Embryonic neurons are young and flexible enough to grow well in the host brain.
Embryonic recapitulation is dead.
Embryonic regulation is fundamentally different.
Some embryonic skeletons are replaced by bones.
Some embryonic sporophytes develop within archegoniums.
Embryonic stage is where product is developed and launched and has yet to get widespread acceptance.
Embryonic stages last for weeks.
Embryonic testes develop inside the body and start to produce androgens.
An emcee is an entertainer
Emcee is patrick mckinnon .
Emcees are also in high demand.
Emcees give hip-hop a voice and a face.
EME articles are important contributions to our field.
EME conditions vary a lot .
EME contacts use terrestrial distance if grid squares are exchanged, as above.
An emendation is a correction
Emendation is the attempt to eliminate the errors which are found even in the best manuscripts.
Emendations are as follows.
Emendations are corrections.
Any emendation here is totally unnecessary.
Emerald Beach is peaceful all year round with palm trees providing natural shade and good breezes.
Emerald boas have heads.
Emerald boas inhabit rainforests.
Emerald boas inhabit wet rainforests.
Emerald boas strike bird mammals.
Emerald boas strike mammals.
Most emerald boas have heads.
Emerald City advances.
Emerald City is a magazine devoted primarily to science fiction and fantasy book reviews.
Emerald City is a play in two acts.
Emerald City is a professional, non-union affiliated theatre.
Emerald City is a very personal magazine.
Emerald City is available in a variety of formats.
Emerald City specializes in underwater yacht maintenance, salvage, and recovery.
Emerald crystal has physical properties.
Emerald crystal has properties.
Emerald crystal has uniform physical properties.
Most emerald crystal has physical properties.
Most emerald crystal has properties.
Most emerald crystal has uniform physical properties.
Emerald tree boas have heads.
Emerald tree boas inhabit rainforests.
Emerald tree boas inhabit wet rainforests.
Emerald tree boas strike bird mammals.
Emerald tree boas strike mammals.
An emerald is a jewel
Emerald isa crystal.
Emerald isa mineral.
Emeralds are a type of beryl crystal.
Emeralds are another export commodity.
Emeralds are beautiful, but quite soft.
Emeralds are beryls.
Emeralds are far rarer.
Emeralds are fragile and are susceptible to damage from a hard blow or knock.
Emeralds are green only.
Emeralds are green.
Emeralds are green.
Emeralds are jewels.
Emeralds are like that, really.
Emeralds are minerals.
Emeralds are notorious for containing flaws, and flawless stones are rare and greatly valued.
Emeralds are notorious for their flaws.
Emeralds are one variety of beryl.
Emeralds are precious stones.
Emeralds are quite rare because of the rather limited geologic environment in which they can occur.
Emeralds are rare and precious gems of the beryl family, distinguished by their rich green color.
Emeralds are stones.
Emeralds are symbolic of fidelity, unchanging love and can help the wearer to forecast events.
Emeralds are valuable because they are rare, rarer than diamonds.
Emeralds can be both red and green.
Emeralds can be quite expensive.
Emeralds come cheap in Brazil. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Emeralds have a tranquilizing affect on the heart and mind, inspiring calm, clear assurance.
Emeralds have beautiful color, but are very rare and expensive with excellent clarity.
Emeralds have fractures.
Emeralds have many surface imperfections, which are known as inclusions.
Emeralds help ease the pain of childbirth and enables the wearer to forecast events.
Emeralds love algae and are totally safe for all corals and marine life .
Emeralds occur in light to dark shades of yellowish green to green to bluish green.
Emeralds pay a high price for their distinctive green hue.
Emeralds promote growth and harmony and help to lift depression.
Emeralds vary in color from light to deep green.
Emeralds weighing more than several carats is extremely rare and costly.
All emeralds are grue.
All emeralds are relatively uncommon in occurrence, whereas chalcedony is fairly common.
All emeralds contain inclusions formed during their growth.
All emeralds contain inclusions, which are evidence as to the genuineness of the stone.
All emeralds sold in the store come direct from Colombia, which sounds exciting.
Any emerald is rare because of the extremely exceptional conditions in which emeralds are formed.
Many emeralds come from contact metamorphosed black shale beds.
Many emeralds seen in jewelry are of relatively low quality.
Most emeralds come out of the ground in a highly included state.
Most emeralds have fractures.
Some emeralds have chemical structures.
Some emeralds have eyes.
Some emeralds have same chemical structures.
Some emeralds have structures.
Some emerge issues threaten food safety.
Some emerge issues threaten safety.
Emerge markets provide excellent market opportunity.
Emerge markets provide excellent opportunity.
Emerge markets provide market opportunity.
Emerge markets provide opportunity.
Most emerge markets provide excellent market opportunity.
Most emerge markets provide excellent opportunity.
Most emerge markets provide market opportunity.
Most emerge markets provide opportunity.
Emerge nymph goes through several stages.
Emerge nymph goes through stages.
Most emerge nymph goes through several stages.
Most emerge nymph goes through stages.
Emergence phenomenon involves studying the implicit meaning or hidden shapes lying in an image.
Emergence Associated with the idea of system is a principle called emergence.
Emergence begins in the fall and continues into the early summer.
Emergence begins with a bang but then goes gradually downhill.
Emergence can be slow - three to four weeks from sowing to full emergence.
Emergence can continue for up to six weeks.
Emergence coincides with the flush of host plant foliage.
Emergence continues throughout the summer months.
Emergence continues throughout the summer.
Emergence continues to be uneven within the same row in the same field.
Emergence generally begins in the late evening hours and continues throughout the night.
Emergence generally occurs after about one week depending on temperature.
Emergence happens usually after a long period of evolution in a design process.
Emergence has at least two definitions.
Emergence helps to explain why the fallacy of division is a fallacy.
Emergence involves ever increasing complexity.
Emergence is a beginning
Emergence is a concept that has been ill-defined in systems literature.
Emergence is a new kind of cause and effect.
Emergence is a tricky concept.
Emergence is a visual rating of speed of emergence prior to full stand establishment.
Emergence is always fatal to the larval host.
Emergence is appearances.
Emergence is at least a necessary condition for self-replication to occur.
Emergence is beginnings.
Emergence is central in theories of integrative levels and of complex systems .
Emergence is greater on days after a rain.
Emergence is in the early spring and usually continues through early summer.
Emergence is often a product of particular patterns of interaction.
Emergence is optimal in moist soil so rainfall tends to bring on another flush.
Emergence is relatively late in the evening.
Emergence is slow in some soybean fields.
Emergence is spotty and lack of snow cover is raising fears of winterkill.
Emergence is supposed to be a cosmic affair and laws are descriptions.
Emergence is the cyberculture hotshot's outline of the Web's next developmental phase.
Emergence is the new paradigm for a global change.
Emergence is through the struggle of forces.
Emergence is usually around the time buckeyes come into bloom.
Emergence is usually complete by the petal fall stage.
Emergence is well ahead of last year.
Emergence isa beginning.
Emergence occurs around dawn and dusk at intermediate depths.
Emergence occurs at stages.
Emergence occurs in late winter and early spring.
Emergence occurs primarily at night.
Emergence requires a lot of energy and some insects die trying.
Emergence seems close.
Emergence signifies a kind change.
Emergence takes place just after dark, with females calling for a short period around midnight.
Emergence works like that.
Emergence often continues for a month or more.
Many emergences are unsuccessful.
Most emergence occurs at stages.
Some emergence causes damage.
Some emergence contributes to explosions.
Some emergence occurs at nights.
Some emergence occurs at time.
Some emergence occurs in autumn.
Some emergence occurs in late winter.
Some emergence occurs in responses.
Some emergence occurs in winter.
Some emergence occurs over extend periods.
Some emergence occurs over periods.
Some emergence provides meals.
Emergencies Emergencies are always worse after dark than during daylight hours.
Emergencies Emergencies are often the scary result of an illness or accident.
Emergency actions take places.
Emergency Aid Have the victim stop all activity.
Emergency aid is also available.
Emergency aid is used to provide immediate relief following natural or man-made disasters.
Emergency blanket is to cover the victim in caring for shock.
An emergency brake is a brake
Emergency brake doesnt hold very tight.
Some emergency brakes are part of ambulances.
Some emergency brakes are part of automobiles.
Some emergency brakes are part of autos.
Some emergency brakes are part of cars.
Some emergency brakes are part of dumpers.
Some emergency brakes are part of go-karts.
Some emergency brakes are part of motorbikes.
Some emergency brakes are part of pickups.
Some emergency brakes are part of taxis.
Some emergency brakes are part of trucks.
Emergency call is minimal as the option to refer to the emergency clinic is best in most cases.
Emergency call is one in nine, so two weekdays and one weekend day per month.
Emergency calls are communicating.
Emergency calls are exempt from the ban.
Emergency calls are exempt.
Emergency calls are free of charge.
Emergency calls are free.
Emergency calls are life-threatening situations or the pursuit of lawbreakers.
Emergency calls are social events.
Emergency calls are triaged and linked, patched or paged to doctors on call for additional service.
Emergency calls are usually about a virus, but they can be more vague.
Emergency calls go directly to a clinician, and nonemergency calls are returned.
Emergency calls happen randomly all at once.
Emergency calls have first priority over non-emergency ambulance calls.
Emergency calls made on public phones are free.
Emergency calls range from the simple cut finger to the person suffering from a heart attack.
Emergency calls receive top priority.
Emergency calls take a tremendous effort.
Emergency calls take precedence over traffic duties for the police and sheriff's departments.
Every emergency call requires a monitor to succeed.
Every emergency call requires a person monitoring to succeed.
Most emergency calls come from owners of pets who have been sick for several days.
Emergency care begins at once.
Emergency Care can be very costly.
Emergency care can take a psychological toll on providers.
Emergency care is also an issue for veterans living in outlying areas.
Emergency care is also available where space permits.
Emergency care is always available.
Emergency care is an essential public service.
Emergency care is available around the clock.
Emergency care is available at all times.
Emergency care is available evenings and weekends at the local hospital.
Emergency care is available immediately.
Emergency care is available on the course and at the finish line.
Emergency care is available on the courses and at the finish line.
Emergency care is available to commuter students.
Emergency care is available to family members at all dental clinics.
Emergency care is available without appointment during regular clinic hours.
Emergency care is clearly a team effort.
Emergency care is covered anytime anywhere in the world.
Emergency care is covered anywhere in the world.
Emergency care is covered at a higher benefit level, when care is rendered by a network physician.
Emergency care is covered at a higher plan level when care is rendered by a network physician.
Emergency care is covered at the in-network level.
Emergency care is covered even without specific authorization.
Emergency care is covered the same as for anyone else.
Emergency care is covered worldwide.
Emergency care is covered.
Emergency care is defined above.
Emergency care is defined as care needed to relieve immediate pain or suffering.
Emergency care is intense, stressful work.
Emergency care is lacking and critical care is deficient.
Emergency care is located in hospitals.
Emergency care is maintained during transport of patients to hospital settings.
Emergency care is necessary.
Emergency care is only one of a number of offerings in the expanded facility.
Emergency care is provided when dental injuries occur during school hours.
Emergency care is provided when physical injuries have occurred.
Emergency care is very much a prioritization.
All emergency care starts with making the victim as comfortable as possible, and calling for help.
Emergency conditions require immediate treatments.
Emergency conditions require treatments.
Emergency Contact Get an emergency destination contact number to leave with a relative.
Emergency contact is also available through our answering service when the office is closed.
Emergency Contacts Forget about cell phones - no coverage out here.
Emergency contraception can keep teens from becoming pregnant and becoming parents.
Emergency contraception can prevent pregnancy after unprotected intercourse.
Emergency contraception can prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex.
Emergency contraception can prevent pregnancy in several ways.
Emergency contraception consists of hormones that prevent ovulation and implantation of an egg.
Emergency contraception gives a strong, short burst of hormones.
Emergency contraception has no effect after the ovum is implanted in the uterus.
Emergency contraception is a method of preventing pregnancy.
Emergency contraception is a short-term option for the prevention of pregnancy.
Emergency contraception is a way of preventing pregnancy after sex.
Emergency contraception is a way to prevent pregnancy after sex.
Emergency contraception is a way to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex.
Emergency contraception is also appropriate after forced sex such as rape.
Emergency contraception is also available.
Emergency contraception is also cost-effective.
Emergency contraception is an emergency measure.
Emergency contraception is an essential treatment option for victims of sexual assault.
Emergency contraception is available through the health center.
Emergency contraception is birth control used after unprotected intercourse.
Emergency contraception is chemical abortion.
Emergency contraception is designed to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex.
Emergency contraception is just that - contraception.
Emergency contraception is less convenient to obtain than regular birth control.
Emergency contraception is meant for emergencies only.
Emergency contraception is only available by prescription in most states.
Emergency contraception is safe and effective, even after intercourse, if it is taken in time.
Emergency contraception is safe, legal and effective.
Emergency contraception is safer than aspirin and just as easy for women to use.
Emergency contraception is taken within three days of unprotected intercourse-the sooner the better.
Emergency contraception is the standard of care for treatment of rape survivors.
Emergency contraception is truly available over the counter in Norway.
Emergency contraception is used after unprotected coitus to avoid pregnancy.
Emergency contraception is used to prevent pregnancy after unprotected intercourse.
Emergency contraception is used to prevent pregnancy after unprotected midcycle sexual intercourse.
Emergency contraception is very safe.
Emergency contraception kills.
Emergency contraception needs to be applied soon after the unprotected sex .
Emergency contraception needs to be applied soon after the unprotected sex.
Emergency contraception offers no protection against sexually transmitted infections.
Emergency contraception offers no protection from sexually transmitted infections.
Emergency contraception prevents pregnancy by delaying ovulation or preventing implantation.
Emergency contraception prevents pregnancy from taking place.
Emergency contraception prevents pregnancy in one of two ways.
Emergency contraception provides a back up.
Emergency contraception sounds good.
Emergency contraception uses a high dose of birth control pills.
Emergency contraception works before implantation.
Emergency contraception works by interfering with ovulation, fertilization or implantation.
Emergency contraception works by interrupting the woman s menstrual cycle.
Emergency contraception works by preventing a fertilized egg from implanting in the uterus.
Emergency contraception works by preventing ovulation, fertilization, or implantation.
Emergency contraceptives are methods of preventing pregnancy after unprotected sexual intercourse.
Emergency contraceptives are methods that can be used after unprotected sex to prevent pregnancy.
Emergency contraceptives are so safe.
Emergency department responses to battered women in Massachusetts.
Emergency departments are an entry point to the nation's health care system.
Emergency departments are in greater crisis than they've ever been before.
Emergency departments are overcrowded because they're being used as primary care centers.
Emergency departments are the foundation of America's health care safety net.
Emergency departments are the only point of access to specialist care after-hours.
Emergency departments are the safety net for social as well as medical emergencies.
Emergency departments are well-versed in domestic violence.
Emergency departments can do similar checking and immunization.
Emergency departments maintain their own procedures.
An emergency exit is a staircase
Emergency exits are exits.
Emergency exits are for emergency use only.
Emergency exits are located in buildings.
Emergency exits are on both sides of the aircraft.
Emergency exits are to be kept clear for egress purposes.
Emergency exits are well marked and clear of furniture and materials.
Emergency exits use symbols to aid reading by the visually impaired.
All emergency exits lead to outside.
Emergency hostels provide basic accommodation and meal services to people without shelter.
Emergency law supercedes collectively bargained contract.
Emergency light needs no wiring .
Emergency lights are for evacuation purposes only.
Emergency lighting comes on.
Emergency lighting is critical for rescue and evacuation at night.
Emergency lighting is in operable condition.
Emergency lighting is needed for all types of buildings.
Emergency lighting is provided in some buildings.
Emergency lighting is provided.
Emergency lighting is required along all means of egress and in assembly areas.
Emergency lighting is required for night usage regardless of the capacity.
Emergency management enables quick notification of authorities and prompt response in emergencies.
Emergency management encompasses a wide range of activities.
Emergency management has to look at it from the standpoint of outcomes.
Emergency management is a discipline like any other profession that requires an academic background.
Emergency management is at the forefront more than at any other time is our existence.
Emergency management is notified as soon as possible following a felt event.
Emergency management is on scene and assisting at the incident command post.
Emergency management needs to be considered when developing roadway plans.
Emergency managers can help city planners make the right decision.
Emergency managers describe jobs.
Emergency managers have proposals.
Emergency managers say it's also a great way out of the area when a hurricane threatens.
Emergency managers suggest a two-week supply of food per person and per pet.
Most emergency managers describe jobs.
Most emergency managers have proposals.
Some emergency managers prepare for heat waves.
Some emergency managers prepare for waves.
Emergency measures are effective for no longer than eighteen months.
Emergency medicine physicians provide advice.
Emergency medicine draws upon various specialties in the course of patient care.
Emergency medicine has close links with a large number of other specialities.
Emergency medicine includes a lot of orthopedics, pediatrics and trauma.
Emergency medicine is a fully recognized, independent academic department at the medical school.
Emergency medicine is a taxing job.
Emergency medicine is a unique, board-certified specialty.
Emergency medicine is a uniquely American field.
Emergency medicine is an exciting and rewarding profession that is just coming of maturity.
Emergency medicine is an important practice opportunity for the new graduate.
Emergency medicine is in a fragile state.
Emergency medicine is medicine
Emergency medicine is medicine.
Emergency medicine is one of the specialties in which a doctor can enter a residency program.
Emergency medicine is real life.
Emergency medicine is the fastest growing field in medicine.
Emergency medicine is the only field in urban areas in which feldshers are still used.
Emergency medicine is the only specialty in the United States with such a mandate.
Emergency medicine is the only specialty that allows doctors to use every facet of medicine.
Emergency medicine is the youngest of medical specialties.
Emergency medicine reports.
Emergency medicine requires a complex, multi-disciplinary approach.
Emergency money Take some extra money just in case an unexpected emergency arises.
Emergency notification is provided in the event that the offender escapes.
Emergency notification is the perfect answer.
Emergency numbers are all available by the telephone.
Emergency numbers are also available in the case of vehicle accidents.
Emergency numbers are essential service for special needs transportation.
Emergency numbers are only available to members.
Emergency numbers are readily available if needed.
Emergency Numbers Having emergency numbers on hand is an essential part of being prepared.
Emergency Numbers Notify the Storeroom to call ahead and transport.
Emergency nurses are essential members of the trauma team.
Emergency nurses face workplace violence, or the threat of it, on a daily basis.
Emergency operations are likely to close down today.
Emergency operations are likely to continue for several days or weeks.
Emergency operations help to prevent or limit the effects of natural disaster or enemy attack.
Any emergency operation is a balance of risk verse benefit.
Emergency ordinances are effective for sixty days.
Emergency phone is located on the South side of the building across the lawn.
Emergency phones are a useful campus safety tool.
Emergency phones are available in major parking lots.
Emergency phones are available throughout the campus.
Emergency phones are the red phones located on each floor of the stacks.
Emergency phones ring directly into the campus police station.
Most emergency phones are red metal boxes with a push button.
Emergency physicians are doctors.
Emergency physicians are medical doctors.
Emergency physicians are on the front lines and provide care for all kinds of people.
Emergency physicians are physicians.
Emergency physicians are specialists.
Emergency physicians can call the number on the bracelet and obtain information about the patient.
Emergency physicians disagree.
Emergency physicians endorse patient autonomy and choice.
Most emergency physicians have at most one year of general internship training.
Emergency plans are good safety measures.
Emergency plans are in place and have been communicated to the staff and parents.
Emergency plans establish who does what and where beforehand.
Some emergency plans specify a precise set of actions for each specific failure scenario.
Emergency planning is essential.
Emergency planning is for all members of the family including pets.
Emergency planning is no different.
Emergency planning is vital to the overall scheme.
Emergency planning is vital.
Emergency power is provided by a generator.
Emergency power is separate from auxiliary power, as the requirements are significantly different.
Emergency powers are regularly misused.
Emergency preparedness Being prepared for an emergency can help to save lives and protect property.
Emergency preparedness can also take the form of risk assessment.
Emergency preparedness is a key.
Emergency preparedness is also an individual responsibility.
Emergency preparedness is also important.
Emergency preparedness is basically related to natural disasters, rather than the economy.
Emergency preparedness is for everyone.
Emergency preparedness is like life insurance.
Emergency preparedness is one of the most crucial aspects of caring for a person with a disability.
Emergency preparedness is our theme.
Emergency preparedness is the key to a safe trip.
Emergency preparedness is vital for the protection of everyone at Trident.
Emergency preparedness makes good sense.
Emergency preparedness remains a critical issue.
Emergency preparedness requires both short and long term planning and implementation.
Emergency preparedness videotapes availabl on loan to all staff or faculty.
An emergency procedure is a process
Emergency procedures are in place and outlined in the family handbook.
Emergency procedures are in place, including medical and general emergency evacuation procedures.
Emergency Procedures are in the front desk drawer if needed.
Emergency procedures are just that - for emergency.
Emergency procedures are procedures.
Emergency procedures are ready and waiting.
Emergency procedures call for motoring an engine so the prop wash can cool the hot brake.
Emergency procedures carry a much higher mortality rate during the recovery period.
Emergency procedures covers bus evacuation in the event of an accident.
Emergency procedures dictate switching to the afterburner.
Emergency Procedures Have a plan to manage the worst-case scenario.
Emergency Procedures pg.
Emergency procedures provide help and direction in the most dire of circumstances.
Emergency procedures regarding chemical spills and fires in chemical utilizing areas are in effect.
Emergency Procedures Remove person from vapors to fresh air.
Emergency Procedures Turn off centrifuge, notify others in laboratory and evacuate.
Emergency regulations can remain in effect for up to three months.
Emergency relief is available as follows.
Emergency relief is critical when lives are threatened by disaster.
Emergency relief is given to Cambodia.
Emergency relief is given with the goal of long-term development if needed.
Emergency relief is given without regard to income.
Emergency relief is one thing.
Emergency relief is the first phase of the earthquake response.
Emergency relief is to be provided to people fleeing repression in the south.
Emergency rescues cost if applicable.
Emergency responders arrive at the staging area.
Emergency responders wage an uphill battle in their fight against terrorism.
Emergency response can be highly stressful.
Emergency response can prevent further damage to property.
Emergency response is available.
Emergency response is primary.
Emergency response makes some people apprehensive, especially if one feels alone and over-whelmed.
Emergency responses are helpings.
Emergency responses follow events.
Emergency room doctors save time.
An emergency room is a room
Emergency room is also available to handle any health emergency.
Emergency room is pretty cool too.
Emergency room records iii.
Emergency rooms are expensive.
Emergency rooms are jammed to overflowing.
Emergency rooms are jammed, with patients sometimes forced to wait six hours or more.
Emergency rooms are located in hospitals.
Emergency rooms are money losers and many have closed over the past decade.
Emergency rooms are odd places.
Emergency rooms are on the critical list nationwide.
Emergency rooms are scarcer and smaller, and many forms of home care are unavailable.
Emergency rooms are still operating, it is most doctor's offices that have closed their doors.
Emergency rooms are to be used for emergencies only.
Emergency rooms are understaffed to handle even the everyday volume of patients during flu season.
Emergency rooms can make immediate decisions saving lives with a simple saliva test.
Emergency rooms face communication problem.
Emergency rooms have now have safety needles.
Emergency rooms remain the most dangerous work areas for health care personnel.
Emergency rooms see a difference as well.
All emergency rooms look scary.
Most emergency rooms see patients on a triage system, where the most serious cases are seen first.
Some emergency rooms are better than others at handling a young hyperactive child.
Some emergency rooms have poison.
Some emergency rooms have rat poison.
Emergency rules are legislative rules which are promulgated in an emergency.
Emergency rules become effective immediately upon filing.
Emergency rules is lifted.
Emergency service is a reference category for unforeseen outages.
Emergency service is a serious obligation.
Emergency service is also available.
Emergency service is always available.
Emergency service is available after hours with an appropriate additional fee.
Emergency service is available after hours.
Emergency service is available after-hours.
Emergency service is available around the clock, seven days a week.
Emergency service is available as requested.
Emergency service is available as required.
Emergency service is available at the above numbers day or night.
Emergency service is available on a twenty-four hour basis.
Emergency service is available only to individuals applying for a certified copy.
Emergency service is available twenty-four hours.
Emergency service is available.
Emergency service is located in Lafayette.
Emergency service is our specialty.
Emergency service is provided at no extra charge for holidays, nights or weekends.
Emergency service is provided day or night in the event of main line blockages.
Emergency service is provided through an arrangement with a local medical center.
Emergency service is rated very high with excellent health services nearby.
Emergency services are a vital part of access to health care in the United States.
Emergency services are also available for all ages.
Emergency services are also available to members outside of regular hours.
Emergency services are also available.
Emergency services are an integral aspect of park operations.
Emergency services are available at all other times.
Emergency services are available at all times.
Emergency services are available for evenings, weekends, and holidays for bonafide emergencies.
Emergency services are available for prescriptions, infusion care, and nursing services.
Emergency services are available on weekends.
Emergency services are available to anyone who is in imminent danger of domestic assault.
Emergency services are available to established clients.
Emergency services are available under contract to existing customers.
Emergency services are available when needed.
Emergency services are available without an appointment.
Emergency services are available.
Emergency services are non existent, so be prepared to deal with any situation.
Emergency services are on the scene.
Emergency services are one of the key problem areas.
Emergency services are partially available during the day.
Emergency services are perhaps available from the resident summer ranger on the north shore.
Emergency services are prompt and effective.
Emergency services are readily available if necessary.
Emergency services are the exception and take priority.
Emergency services help victims.
Emergency services is an excellent program.
Emergency services say the chances of finding the missing people alive look increasingly hopeless.
All emergency services are subject to review for medical necessity.
Most emergency services help victims.
Emergency shelter is needed for bad storms.
Emergency shelter is needed for families to live in as they rebuild their homesteads.
Emergency shelter is the first line of defense against the perils of homelessness.
Emergency shelter uses technology.
Emergency shelters are easy to build, but take time and effort.
Emergency shelters are open throughout the South for families without power or water.
Emergency shelters provide a safe, temporary place for homeless people to stay.
Emergency shelters provide no cots or bedding.
Emergency shelters vary in policy on pet , companion , or domesticated animals .
Emergency shelters vary in policy on pet, companion, or domesticated animals.
Most emergency shelter uses technology.
Most emergency shelters are open during the night only.
Emergency showers are also available in the laboratory.
Emergency showers are for emergencies only.
Emergency siren allows user to call for help.
Emergency sirens are the primary means of alerting the public.
Emergency situations require immediate treatments.
Emergency situations require treatments.
Emergency surgery carries a higher mortality, of course.
Emergency surgery is available every night of the week and on weekends.
Emergency surgery is done for spinal metastasis in the hope of preserving neurological function.
Emergency surgery is needed in the case of a strangulated hernia.
Emergency surgery is needed to correct the problems caused by a ruptured spleen.
Emergency surgery is performed by on-call surgical residents and the anesthesia staff.
Emergency surgery is performed to stop the hemorrhaging.
Emergency surgery is required for toxic megacolon or in cases of extensive bleeding.
All emergency surgery is done by the second year resident with the on-call attending physician.
Emergency teams are available for any destination worldwide.
Emergency teams are available to pick up from catered events.
Emergency telephone is also available.
Emergency telephones are also available at both rest houses.
Emergency telephones are available in buildings and parking lots.
Emergency telephones are available on the outside of many buildings in red metal boxes.
Emergency telephones are in place along the major highways.
Emergency treatment consists of decompressing the stomach as quickly as possible.
Emergency treatment includes a pain killer and a muscle relaxant.
Emergency treatment includes services billed by the hospital on their statement of charges.
Emergency treatment includes washing the area with large amounts of water.
Emergency treatment is available at government-run hospitals, and there are many private clinics.
Emergency treatment is available at nearby hospitals.
Emergency treatment is available immediately.
Emergency treatment is available on a limited basis.
Emergency treatment is covered when the member is outside the service area.
Emergency treatment is excluded from the pre-determination process.
Emergency treatment is free of charge for foreigners.
Emergency treatment is given as required.
Emergency treatment is limited to the localized area of the emergency.
Emergency treatment is provided and the bird is stabilized for final transport to our center.
Emergency treatment is provided through the health center.
Emergency treatment is required for heat stroke.
Emergency treatment is required if the embolism is severe.
Emergency treatment is required.
Emergency treatment is suggested if signs of oxygen depletion are observed.
Emergency vehicles are enroute to the blast location.
Emergency vehicles are the only exception.
Emergency vehicles have more access routes with gridded streets and alleys.
Emergency vehicles have priority use of roadways.
Emergency vehicles have special right of way privileges.
Emergency vehicles make a long, undulating necklace of light on the roads leading to town.
Emergency vehicles make sudden turns.
Emergency vehicles pose a hazard and make circulation difficult and erratic.
Emergency vehicles respond to about forty-five alarms each week.
Emergency vehicles surround it, ambulances, police cars, even a fire truck.
Emergency vehicles use it.
All emergency vehicles have loud speakers that drivers can use to give instructions.
Some emergency vehicles are able to trigger stop lights.
Emergency vet care explains importance.
Emergency workers are busy today trying to get people without power to the shelters.
Emergency workers can use the maps to direct resources and estimate damage.
Emergency workers conduct a training exercise in biochemical gear.
Emergency workers deserve all the respect they can get.
Emergency workers risk their lives to save others.
Emergency workers say there is confusion about the time and place of the arrival of aid.
All emergency workers are to be evacuated.
Some emergency workers depend on availability.
An emergency is a crisis
Emergencies affect women and girls differently from men and boys.
Emergencies are a fact of life and are never planned or convenient.
Emergencies are always unexpected.
Emergencies are an immediate priority.
Emergencies are another matter.
Emergencies are calls such as sudden illness and athletic-related injuries.
Emergencies are conditions that threaten life, limb, or sight.
Emergencies are crisises.
Emergencies are decidedly non-partisan in their effects on lives.
Emergencies are different.
Emergencies are hazards.
Emergencies are in-hospital and shared among doctors.
Emergencies are merely challenges that test our financial and spiritual growth.
Emergencies are of course understandable.
Emergencies are our business.
Emergencies are potentially life threatening conditions where time is of the essence.
Emergencies are rare and unusual occurrences.
Emergencies are rare events which happen suddenly and unexpectedly.
Emergencies are rare events.
Emergencies are rare, and children tend to have less problems with bleeding at school than at home.
Emergencies are severe illness, hospitalization, or a death in the immediate family.
Emergencies are the exception.
Emergencies are understandable.
Emergencies are very confusing and emotional times.
Emergencies arise and being on the list or having the list can help in a bind.
Emergencies Call anytime.
Emergencies Call our office in case of a emergency.
Emergencies can also arise and cause delays.
Emergencies can arise which require a return trip on short notice.
Emergencies can arise.
Emergencies can be very stressful situations.
Emergencies can happen any time and anywhere.
Emergencies can happen any time, anywhere.
Emergencies can happen anytime.
Emergencies can happen at any time of the year for many reasons.
Emergencies can happen at any time.
Emergencies can happen there at any time.
Emergencies can make communications difficult .
Emergencies can make communications difficult.
Emergencies can occur at any time and without warning.
Emergencies can occur at any time.
Emergencies can occur at anytime, at any place, and to anyone.
Emergencies can occur at anytime.
Emergencies can range from injured horseback riders or cross country skiers to lost hikers.
Emergencies can take place at any time.
Emergencies cause a desire to runs.
Emergencies come in all shapes and sizes.
Emergencies come up.
Emergencies consist of flooding, fire, broken windows, etc.
Emergencies create conflict.
Emergencies demand rapid response from human service professionals.
Emergencies do arise, however, and sometimes delay is unavoidable.
Emergencies do arise.
Emergencies do come up, but expect some penalty.
Emergencies do happen . . .
Emergencies do happen and it's pretty nice to have an option available.
Emergencies do happen to many people all over the world, and it is best to just get prepared.
Emergencies do happen.
Emergencies do occur in our lives.
Emergencies drills to test the readiness Of emergence repair crew.
Emergencies happen and are a priority over routine care.
Emergencies happen and they often require the flexibility of a human.
Emergencies happen every day and every where.
Emergencies happen every day.
Emergencies happen on the water.
Emergencies happen to everyone.
Emergencies happen to families.
Emergencies happen, and they cost money.
Emergencies have impact.
Emergencies have significant impact.
Emergencies have similarities of occurrence and procedures.
Emergencies have to take priority when there are lack of resources.
Emergencies impact decisions.
Emergencies involving air carriers or air taxi operations get more scrutiny.
Emergencies involving reactives can be very serious.
Emergencies Make provisions to summon assistance for potential medical or police emergencies.
Emergencies mobilize people.
Emergencies need attention.
Emergencies need immediate attention.
Emergencies occasionally take place in a person s life.
Emergencies occasionally take place in a person's life.
Emergencies occasionally take precedence over allotted appointments.
Emergencies occur without warning.
Emergencies only come up every so often.
Emergencies outweigh ideology.
Emergencies pose a very different situation from routine surveillance.
Emergencies present stressful situations where human communication is crucial.
Emergencies receive priority.
Emergencies receive prompt attention, and other security reports are handled expeditiously.
Emergencies refer to both man-made and natural disasters.
Emergencies remain the exception to the rule.
Emergencies require attention.
Emergencies require extraordinary efforts.
Emergencies require immediate action.
Emergencies require immediate attention.
Emergencies require immediate treatments.
Emergencies require no advance notice.
Emergencies require prompt attention.
Emergencies require prompt, appropriate action.
Emergencies require responses outside of normal working hours.
Emergencies require treatments.
Emergencies see many people and resources working together in a complex and changing situation.
Emergencies take place off school grounds whole student are on a school- sponsored activity.
Emergencies take precedence over both scheduled and walk-in patients.
Emergencies vary in size and length.
Emergencies vary in size from single family fires to hurricanes.
Emergency break away kit.
Emergency call out facilities are offered as standard.
Emergency call out for employees on duty and off duty.
Emergency call out service is provided seven days a week.
Emergency call out service makes finding available trade professionals easy.
Emergency call out service, with NO call out charge.
Emergency calls from pay phones are free.
Emergency calls from public telephone booths are free of charge.
Emergency calls only.
Emergency care up to one week per year.
Emergency Dismounting Safe equitation includes learning to make emergency dismounts.
Emergency Driving Operate a vehicle safely through an obstacle course.
Emergency drying procedures and a guide to framing are also available.
Emergency equipped vehicles are to be contacted.
Emergency Find out when to seek emergency care.
Emergency fixes, long hours, and extreme patience are very much appreciated.
Emergency frozen dinners contain a complete meal that can be kept in the refrigerator and freezer.
Emergency Included are fire departments, search and rescue teams, and emergency medical services.
Emergency isa occasion.
Emergency leave for school employees.
Emergency leave info to help military commanders make informed decisions.
Emergency means a working place for emergency cases only.
Emergency needs comprise health sector, drinking water, sanitation and productive inputs.
Emergency needs or waiting for food stamp, unemployment check or employment check.
Emergency offers treatment and rehabilitation to civilian casualties of war.
Emergency oiled bird response begins with training.
Emergency plans to build one ship to a modified design cancelled.
Emergency requires non-linear behavior of individuals.
Emergency rides home are free to all commuters who use alternative transportation.
Emergency Stop A dangerous slide can be arrested by using ski poles.
Emergency stop button fitted to control panel.
Emergency stop button to interrupt shredding.
Emergency stop buttons on all columns.
Emergency stop equipment functional aspects - principles of design.
Emergency stop on Escape key - all locos brake to standstill at max.
Emergency stop push button.
Emergency stopping a motorhome is tough.
Emergency Talk about and then practice with the students what to do in case of a emergency.
Emergency tows are free and non-emergency tows involve a towing fee.
Emergencies always receive priority treatment.
Emergencies always take precedence over anything else.
Emergencies always take priority over elective cases.
Emergencies often arise which require immediate assurance of payment for hospital admittance.
Emergencies often call for a burst of strenuous activity.
Emergencies often require delivery of different versions of the same message at the same time .
Emergencies often require delivery of different versions of the same message at the same time.
Emergencies often require immediate medical attention.
Emergencies usually involve law-enforcement, fire or emergency medical services.
Emergencies usually involve police, fire or emergency medical services.
All emergencies are different.
All emergencies are stressful, but certain incidents can cause distress for emergency responders.
All emergency calls.
Any emergency brings with it lots of stress and anxiety.
Any emergency calls after normal business hours can be directed to the same number.
Any emergency is seen within one hour of the request.
Any emergency leave is evaluated on an individual basis and is without pay.
Many emergencies are alcohol-related.
Many emergencies occur while people are sleeping, such as sudden illness, fire, crime, etc.
Many emergencies reflect the underlying crisis in development facing developing countries.
Most emergencies are quite unspectacular.
Most emergencies are the result of or are compounded by poor housekeeping.
Most emergencies create conflict.
Most emergencies have impact.
Most emergencies have significant impact.
Most emergencies occur without any warning.
Most emergencies require attention.
Most emergencies require immediate attention.
Most emergencies require immediate treatments.
Most emergencies require prompt attention.
Most emergencies require treatments.
Some emergencies are easy to identify.
Some emergencies are preventable.
Some emergencies arise from injuries.
Some emergencies cause death.
Some emergencies require an immediate response for successful outcome.
Some emergencies require immediate response for a successful outcome.
Some emergencies require the evacuation of buildings.
Some emergencies threaten human life.
Some emergencies threaten life.
Emergent behavior drives new businesses and makes possible rapid progress.
Emergent behaviour is a very interesting area in the study of agents.
Emergent behaviour is an interesting phenomenon that can be observed in natural systems.
Emergent behaviour is exploited whenever possible.
Emergent behaviour is known from flocks of birds, schools of fish and herds of land animals.
Emergent behaviour is the result of the interaction of other, usually more simpler, behaviours.
Emergent literacy is interactive and participatory.
Emergent literacy takes a much broader view of a person's interest in text.
Emergent plants grow along the shoreline or in shallow, marshy areas.
Emergent plants have some parts of the plant in contact with the air above the water's surface.
Emergent plants reproduce by seed during natural drawdown cycles caused by drought.
Emergent properties are easiest to perceive in individual organisms.
Emergent properties are ones that obtain at one level while being absent at the other.
Emergent properties are stable regions of shared culture.
Emergent structures appear at many different levels of organization or as spontaneous order .
Emergent structures are patterns that emerge via collective actions of many individual entities.
Emergent vegetation can be an effective barrier for attenuation of wave energy.
Emergent vegetation includes bulrush and sedge.
Some emergent vegetation includes bulrush, associated marshes, cattail, spangletop, and phragmiles.
Emerin deletion reveals a common X-chromosome inversion mediated by inverted repeats.
Emeritus appointments are strictly honorary and without stipend.
Emeritus classes meet at their regular time during finals week.
Emeritus faculty are also on the list.
Emeritus faculty are eligible.
Emeritus faculty are to be welcome to attend departmental faculty meetings.
All emeritus faculty receive information about meetings.
Emeritus members enjoy the same privileges accorded to regular members.
Emeritus members keep their voting status.
Emeritus members pay no dues and are members in good standing.
Emeritus members pay the same dues as student members.
Emeritus members retain all privileges of membership except eligibility to hold office.
Emeritus members retain all privileges of membership except that of holding elective office.
Emeritus membership is available to individuals who are active members at the time of retirement.
Emeritus membership is conferred for the lifetime of the recipient.
Emeritus membership is for a physician permanently retired from the practice of medicine.
Emeritus membership is honorary.
Emeritus membership is restricted to active members at the time of retirement.
Emeritus membership requires signature of member as a declaration of emeritus status.
Emeritus professor denounces human cloning .
Emeritus status is a rank attained by promotion taking place after retirement.
Emeritus status is an honorary designation by the regents for retired unclassified staff members.
Emeritus status is granted by the organizers of the conference upon request of an eligible member.
Emery boards are secure in both vertical and horizontal slots for easy smoothing of the nail.
Emery cloth is an abrasive material
Emery cloth is excellent to put the finishing touches on the hoof and dewclaws.
Emery cloth torn in strips is excellent for smoothing deep turnings when used shoe-shine fashion.
Emery County has a communications infrastructure that is second to none.
Emery county is a good place to call home.
Emery County is in the heart of the State of Utah.
Emery Park is in a quaint neighborhood.
Emery believes intuition is always correct.
Emery believes the town needs to put on the brakes.
Emery concludes, .
Emery drops large volumes of packages downstream at regional postal centers.
Emery falls in love quickly.
Emery has a very sick horse.
Emery has the largest vocabulary of any cat ever.
Emery is a black granular corundum intimately mixed with magnetite or hematite.
Emery is a brandname for some or all of their fatty acids.
Emery is a freelance graphic designer and computer illustrator.
Emery is a mineral
Emery is a pastor in Northern Illinois in Rockford.
Emery is an impure granular mixture of corundum, magnetite, hematite, and spinel.
Emery is in trouble, but they can do it.
Emery is married, with a daughter and several grandchildren running around somewhere.
Emery is minerals.
Emery is the man who proved there was a huge market for the stuff.
Emery is very good but expensive.
Emery looks at it the same way.
Emery says the service is a needed compromise between standard road and premium air services.
Emery theorizes that after a breakup, emotions oscillate wildly but fairly predictably.
Emery uses a different pricing system than other companies.
Emesis is a reflex
Emesis is an ejection
Emesis is contraindicated.
Emesis is the forceful ejection of the stomach contents through the mouth.
Emesis is the toxic effect.
An emetic is a cure
Emetics are given which create an association of nausea with the taste of alcohol.
Emetics are herbs that cause vomiting through irritation of the stomach or nervous system.
EMF detectors are available from some electronic stores.
EMF detectors measure the range of electro magnetic fields.
An emf is an electrical phenomenon
EMF exist everywhere there is electricity.
EMFs appear to be co-carcinogens rather than tumor promoters.
EMFs are a type of energy that occurs near very high-voltage power lines.
EMFs are environmental stressors that saturate our home and workplace.
EMFs are invisible lines of force that exist in the area surrounding any electrical device.
EMFs are invisible lines of force that surround all electric devices and wiring.
EMFs are invisible lines of force that surround any electrical device.
EMFs are low-level radiation generated by computer terminals, microwave ovens, etc.
EMFs are present wherever electricity flows, and come from appliances, home wiring and power lines.
EMFs enhance the effects of other carcinogens when both exposures are given repeatedly.
EMFs exist almost everywhere.
EMFs exist naturally inside the human body and in the surrounding environment.
EMFs have an effect on the repair of cells, and on melatonin.
EMFs pose a more difficult challenge than electrocution and thermal injury.
EMFs radiate from all sides of the computer.
EMFs result from the transmission, distribution and use of electric energy.
EMFs run aground.
All EMFs consist of an electrical field and a magnetic field.
Emic approach involves using measures developed specifically for the culture being assessed.
Emic units contrast.
Emigrant ancestor means the one who came over from Europe.
An emigrant is a traveler
Emigrants are migrants.
Emigrants are people who leave their home countries to settle elsewhere.
Emigrants can avoid military service.
Emigrants coming to Canada, ought to leave Britain in the spring with the first vessels that sail.
Emigrants drain Whitman of all supplies except potatoes.
Emigrants enjoy the bus journey home.
Emigrants tend always to be foreigners, destined never properly to belong.
Every emigrant is mourned now.
Most emigrants work in the mines.
Some emigrants can be quite objectionable.
Emigration also has a major impact on the countries left behind.
Emigration can therefore occur as well as immigration.
Emigration describes organisms moving out of the population.
Emigration is a common choice.
Emigration is a decision for each individual.
Emigration is a drain of social capital invested in training and skill diversification.
Emigration is a major factor affecting the political, economic, and social fabric of Ireland.
Emigration is a sure sign of relative political failure.
Emigration is an option when the computer age makes it feasible for labor to be mobile.
Emigration is at an end and the economy has been both globalised and made relatively efficient.
Emigration is migration
Emigration is migration.
Emigration is now a familiar thing.
Emigration is one of the antidotes against famine.
Emigration is one of the nation's concerns.
Emigration is one thing they know something about, however.
Emigration is right up there with life's biggest stresses.
Emigration is the choice of survivors.
Emigration is the movement of individuals out of a population.
Emigration isa action.
Emigration refers to leaving a country.
Emigration represents the end of a long process of exclusion and persecution.
Emigration still contains a problem .
Emigration still contains a problem.
Emigration stretches a community of descent beyond the state territory.
Emigration varies across Europe.
Emigration sometimes preserves old English usages.
Some emigration affects rabbits.
An emigre is a traveler
Emigre continues to highlight the experimental spirit that lurks within the field of graphic design.
Emigre is built for users, or, even more to the point, for customers.
Emigre prose literature consists almost entirely of short stories.
Emigre stands out.
An eminence is high status
Eminence generates strong positioning.
Eminence runs in families due to abilities transmitted by genes.
Eminent artistes perform outside the caves, under the open sky.
Some eminent astronomers think they are other stellar universes, comparable in size with our own.
Some eminent correspondents swear on the reliability of exit polls.
An eminent domain is a legal right
Eminent domain allows a city to force landowners to sell their land to the city.
Eminent domain allows cities to purchase land against the owner's wishes.
Eminent domain can only do so much.
Eminent domain is a law for unreasonable parties.
Eminent domain is a power that can be gravely misused in lots of different kinds of ways.
Eminent domain is a reasonable tool to use to achieve that goal.
Eminent domain is defined as the power to appropriate private property for public use.
Eminent domain is proper for a change of location, as well as original construction.
Eminent domain is something only government can do, either local, state or federal.
Eminent domain is that tool.
Eminent domain is the basis for condemnation proceedings.
Eminent domain is the power of government to take land from private owners through condemnation.
Eminent domain is the power to take over private property for the public good.
Eminent domain is the power to take private property for a public purpose.
Eminent domain is the prerogative of a sovereign state.
Eminent domain is the right of government to take over private property for public use.
Eminent domain is the right of the government to take private property for public use.
Eminent domain is the right to take while condemnation is the act of doing so.
Eminent domain is the taking of private property by the government for the public good.
Eminent domain is unacceptable.
Eminent domain is used for community tax base gains rather than the elimination of true blight.
Eminent domains are legal rights.
Some eminent economists describe Korea's success as government-led growth.
Eminent musicians visit the school regularly to give master classes.
Eminent scholars hold full-time appointments for the term specified in their letter of appointment.
Some eminent scholars prefer sycophants to potential challengers.
Eminent speakers draw from some of the country's finest dining and resort destinations.
Eminent ulema have over the centuries written copiously on the subject.
An emir is a ruler
Emir gives women greater role in society .
An emirate is a land
Emirate isa location.
Emirates already flies to Egypt, Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania and South Africa.
Emirates are airlines.
Emirates are domains.
Emirates are positions.
Emirates are states.
Emirates gives smaller-sized headsets.
Emirates is the national airline of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Emirates recruit in Australia and New Zealand each year.
Emirates seem to offer good prices from South East Asia.
Emirates shine . .
Emirates wins an airline of year award .
All emirates also have modern seaports.
Some emirates have a corporate tax law.
EMIS systems allow remote access via a modem connection.
Emissary scenes look really good, and the movies are good too.
An emissary is a representative
Emissaries are highly intelligent darkspawn that draw on the power of the taint to cast spells .
Emissaries enjoy a good deal of contact with alumni and members of the metroplex law community.
Emission control catalysts.
Emission controls are also an important consideration in meeting state-level equipment requirements.
Emission controls are part of it, improved gas mileage is another.
Emission controls reduce solvent releases, conserve expensive solvents and limit worker exposure.
Emission inventories are quantities of pollutants measured over time.
Emission inventories can serve many purposes.
Emission limits apply.
Emission lines appear as bright vertical lines or as sharp peaks.
Emission lines are always at same wavelength for a given atom anywhere in the universe.
Emission lines are in same position as absorption lines for a give species of atom.
Emission lines arise from electrons inside atoms in an excited state, as in a hot gas.
Emission lines indicate an especially large, thick shroud of hot gas surrounding a star.
Emission lines originate from the hot gas around young stars.
Emission nebulae are clouds of dust heated by nearby stars.
Emission nebulae are clouds of glowing ionized gas.
Emission nebulae are clouds of high temperature gas.
Emission nebulae are fluorescent regions of gas glowing in the presence of embedded stars.
Emission nebulae are the nurseries for new star formation.
Emission nebulae are usually isolated regions of much larger interstellar clouds .
Emission nebulae are usually red because they usually produce red light .
Emission nebulae are usually red because they usually produce red light.
Emission nebulae are usually the sites of recent and ongoing star formation.
Emission nebulae make their own light .
Emission nebulae make their own light.
Emission nebulae signal the birth of stars and are large.
Emission nebulas are nebulas.
Emission reduction helps prevent the formation of ground-level ozone, a major component of smog.
Emission reduction is achieved by reducing the volume of air which exhausts from the dryer.
Emission reduction is used as a rough proxy measure for the state of the global environment.
Emission standards are the main instrument in any air pollution control program.
Emission standards make it hard control ambient environmental quality levels.
Emission testing is an entirely new game in Missouri.
Emission testing is mandatory for the sales of used vehicles.
Emission testing is nearby.
Emission testing provides an actual emission factors and reduction percentages.
Emission trading provides smart business the opportunity to compete in a dynamic new market place.
An emission is emergence
Emission can be spontaneous or stimulated.
Emission frequencies vs afterglow time produced by a spherical rf electrode.
Emission includes all processes which increase the radiant intensity.
Emission indicates that radiative energy is released by the material.
Emission is enhanced by bombardment with neutrons.
Emission is inhibited completely if the cavities are very small.
Emission is possible in sharp or broad bands, and devices are at the commercial stage.
Emission is radiation produced, or the production of radiation, by a radio transmitting station.
Emission is seen in three blobs in the E and N rim.
Emission is the term used when sperm moves into the urethra.
Emission isa event.
Emission nebulae .
Emission nebulae emit light at specific wavelengths depending on their chemical composition.
Emission nebulae shine by internally produced light.
Emission occurs over the hemisphere defined from to and to .
Emission pixels on field emission displays.
Emissions affect environments.
Emissions affect health.
Emissions affect human health.
Emissions affect temperature.
Emissions also take place at various other frequencies.
Emissions are almost nonexistant from electric commuter trains.
Emissions are also easier to monitor and control.
Emissions are among the top concerns for all power providers.
Emissions are caused by activities.
Emissions are caused by human activities.
Emissions are consistent with previously measured plutonium concentrations.
Emissions are dependent only on material type and throughput.
Emissions are directly proportional to the amount of product generated.
Emissions are egresses.
Emissions are far better overall than from fossil fuels.
Emissions are flow.
Emissions are from anthropogenic sources.
Emissions are lower too, though that's a much more difficult claim to verify with the naked eye.
Emissions are on the rise.
Emissions are releases.
Emissions are the concern.
Emissions are the discharge of a substance.
Emissions are the result of unburned fuel that is exhausted from the engine combustion chamber.
Emissions are up because Canada is doing nothing to prevent it.
Emissions are usually present if hearing is normal or if a mild hearing loss is present.
Emissions are very weak.
Emissions are, therefore, some fraction of that figure.
Emissions arise from agricultural soils and manure management.
Emissions arising from such consumption are a major contributor to climate change - global warming.
Emissions become concern.
Emissions become environmental concern.
Emissions become serious concern.
Emissions become serious environmental concern.
Emissions can be as a maximum per kWh.
Emissions can come down if Canada does something about it.
Emissions climb high into the atmosphere, borne on trade winds that circumnavigate the globe.
Emissions contain toxic substances.
Emissions contribute to air pollution.
Emissions contribute to events.
Emissions contribute to fine particulate pollution.
Emissions contribute to particulate pollution.
Emissions contribute to pollution.
Emissions control technology and costs.
Emissions generally occur at each stage of the fuel cycle.
Emissions have to be reduced globally by more than two thirds.
Emissions increase precipitation.
Emissions increase with speed.
Emissions interact in the environment - with the air, sunlight, and other chemicals.
Emissions internationally are a major topic right now.
Emissions occur at manholes, drains, and elevated vents by air exchange.
Emissions originate from the burning of fuels and heating of feed materials.
Emissions relate to activities.
Emissions relate to human activities.
Emissions require power.
Emissions resulting from land clearing are particularly uncertain.
Emissions take into account variations in human activity, such as morning rush-hour traffic.
Emissions tend to be highest during acceleration.
Emissions thus become more uniform among the emitters, and turn-on voltage is lowered.
Emissions worsening pollution and material is created with no natural re-integration route.
Emissions usually rise just after the combustion process in a combustion appliance begins.
All emissions are near of below the detection threshold.
All emissions are part of and controlled under Environmental Policy guidelines.
All emissions test and late fees are to be paid with cash only.
Most emissions affect environments.
Most emissions affect health.
Most emissions affect human health.
Most emissions affect temperature.
Most emissions are caused by activities.
Most emissions are caused by human activities.
Most emissions are from solid waste disposal .
Most emissions are the result of deforestation.
Most emissions become concern.
Most emissions become environmental concern.
Most emissions become serious concern.
Most emissions become serious environmental concern.
Most emissions contribute to air pollution.
Most emissions contribute to events.
Most emissions contribute to fine particulate pollution.
Most emissions contribute to particulate pollution.
Most emissions contribute to pollution.
Most emissions increase precipitation.
Most emissions occur from cold engines.
Most emissions relate to activities.
Most emissions relate to human activities.
Most emissions require power.
Most emissions stem from the burning of fossil fuels.
Most emissions take place during flaming and smouldering.
Some emissions are lower, but others are higher.
Some emissions associate with electricity.
Some emissions associate with generate electricity.
Some emissions cause acid rain.
Some emissions cause rain.
Some emissions create smogs.
Some emissions generate transnational or even global damage.
Some emissions increase asthma attacks.
Some emissions increase attacks.
Some emissions increase effects.
Some emissions increase greenhouse effects.
Some emissions lead to depletion.
Some emissions require acceptance.
Some emissions show evidence.
Some emissions take places.
Emissions control is impossible without the proper concentration.
Emissions controls can eliminate much of the air pollution.
Emissions credits can be a ready source of revenue.
Emissions intensity is measured so far by the physical volume of emissions per employee.
Emissions inventories are the base on which many scientific studies rest.
Emissions limits apply.
Emissions reductions yield better air quality.
Emissions standards stimulate demand .
Emissions testing is required in certain areas.
Emissions trading allows one facility to get credit for emissions reductions at another plant.
Emissions trading allows plants that pollute more to buy credits from cleaner-burning facilities.
Emissions trading entails the acceptance of a system of trading rules.
Emissions trading involves the transfer in ownership of emission reductions.
Emissions trading is an environmental and economic winner.
Emissions trading is included in the Kyoto Protocol.
Emissions trading is inevitably complex.
Emissions trading is more appealing to private industry.
Emissive displays emit their own light, while the non-emissive ones use external light sources.
Emit diodes emit beams.
Emitted code is instrumented to catch run-time errors and to permit fine grained debugging.
Emitted energy is difference between the two energy levels.
Emitted heat pushes the temperature down.
Emitted light is detected with photon-counting techniques.
Emitted radiation depends uon direction, but so does incoming radiation.
An emitter is an electrode
Emitters are available in a range of capacities.
Emitters are available in various water flow rates and many cost less than a dollar.
Emitters are electrodes.
Emitters are limited to a preset list.
Emitters are part of transistors.
Emitters come in a variety of different flow rates.
Emitters deliver the small amounts of water to the plants.
Emitters distribute water in gallons per hour and sprinklers in gallons per minute.
Emitters occur every two feet in tubing.
Emitters vary as to how much water is released.
All emitters are pressure compensating to some degree, that is the purpose of an emitter.
Some emitters are adjustable to deliver different rates of water.
Some emitters continue to plug and lines are replaced about every two seasons.
Emittive colors have a different set of primary colors than reflective.
Emmental cheese is amongst the best-known types of cheese .
Emmental cheese is amongst the best-known types of cheese.
An emmer is wheat
Emmer is a relative of durum wheat, which is used to make flour for pasta and for pizza doughs.
Emmer is one of the most ancient of cultivated cereals.
Emmers are plants.
Emmers are rivers.
Emmers are wheat plants.
Emmers are wheat.
Emmers is the envy of every kid who ever played sports.
Emmet County has one of the highest rates of farmland loss in the state.
Emmet County is located in northwest Iowa on the Minnesota border.
Emmet county needs volunteers and contributions are welcome.
Emmet county needs volunteers.
Emmet soils are coarse-loamy and have fewer rock fragments.
Emminent domain is such a wonderful tool for revitilizing cities.
EMMitetm drumsticks help protect the environment.
EMMitetm drumsticks provide drummers with the only real choice.
Emollient is instrumentation
Emollients also reduce the rate of transepidermal water loss.
Emollients also serve as vehicles for more active drugs.
Emollients Apply an emollient liberally and often, particularly after bathing, and when itchy.
Emollients are agents that soften the skin because they decrease transepidermal water loss.
Emollients are preparations which moisturise the skin by trapping moisture.
Emollients are simply effective moisturisers that help keep problem dry skin soft and flexible.
Emollients can help moisten and soften plaques.
Emollients fill in the spaces between dry skin flakes with oil droplets.
Emollients hydrate and soften the scaly surface of psoriatic plaques.
Emollients reduce fissuring and dryness, providing some patient comfort.
Emollients seem helpful in controlling the pruritus.
Emollients soothe and soften the skin.
Emollients used in lotions are usually oils.
Some emollients are also humectants, e.g. urea cream.
Emory faculty are also regularly present as they take advantage of teaching opportunities in Rome.
Emory oak is known as an upland species but also occurs in riparian associations.
Emory students say they have barely noticed the change.
Most Emory students stand on the left side of the political spectrum.
Emory tuition covers all the academic costs of the program.
All Emory women are welcome in our safe space regardless of personal or political ideology.
An emoticon is a facial gesture
Emoticons are a combination of keyboard characters to make faces .
Emoticons are a very clever use of standard punctuation marks to express a human emotion.
Emoticons are a vital element in communication.
Emoticons are case sensitive.
Emoticons are combinations of characters used to represent various emotions.
Emoticons are easy and fun to use.
Emoticons are facial expression.
Emoticons are facial expressions created by punctuation symbols.
Emoticons are human-face drawings composed of text characters.
Emoticons are just another form of shorthand.
Emoticons are keyboard characters that are used to show emotion.
Emoticons are keyboard symbols constructed to convey an emotion.
Emoticons are little smileys that convey the emotion missed by face to face communication.
Emoticons are lots of fun.
Emoticons are nothing more than characters that look like a face when viewed side-ways.
Emoticons are nothing more than characters that look like a face when viewed sideways.
Emoticons are now available.
Emoticons are punctuation devices used to convey emotions.
Emoticons are sets of characters that look like simple facial expressions set on their side.
Emoticons are symbols at the end of sentences that underscore the sentence's meaning.
Emoticons are symbols one can create with their keyboard to express emotion or actions.
Emoticons are symbols that express feelings.
Emoticons are symbols that replace words in Internet conversations.
Emoticons are text characters assembled in such a way as to represent some emotion.
Emoticons are text that show what a person is feeling.
Emoticons are textual representations of emotion.
Emoticons are the computer communicators way to show facial expressions.
Emoticons are the work of seconds from any keyboard, and are widely understood.
Emoticons can be very effective toward avoiding misinterpretation of the writer's intents.
Emoticons come in all shapes and sizes and for all occasions.
Emoticons do that.
Emoticons enhance the emotional expressiveness of text.
Emoticons Form Welcome at the form.
Emoticons Here is a list of acronyms and their meanings commonly seen in messages.
Emoticons is an additional HTML filter which converts smiley signs into smiley images.
Emotion regulation occurs at different levels in individuals and situations.
Emotion theory is applied to explain the process.
Emotion acts the same way.
Emotion actually helps reason focus the mind and set priorities.
Emotion again drives the debate.
Emotion also increases the danger factor substantially.
Emotion appears to include everything.
Emotion Arouses strong emotion in subject.
Emotion becomes the standard by which truth is judged.
Emotion being the higher realm of the vital, it is capable of great heroism and sacrifice.
Emotion builds as they approach closer to the ritualistic celebration.
Emotion can be a deadly weapon to the State.
Emotion can be a wonderful thing.
Emotion can be fatal.
Emotion can be more important than logic in the minds of the flock.
Emotion can effect judgement.
Emotion can get in the way of objectivity.
Emotion can interfere with critical thinking, but only when it is emotion that is out of balance .
Emotion can often dilute the protections of liberty in our Constitution.
Emotion can often get in the way of making a sound choice.
Emotion can peak when an event is of significance to everyone in the group.
Emotion causes motion.
Emotion clouds our judgment, and often results in perceived patterns where none exist.
Emotion clouds the debate process.
Emotion comes later, when safely alone.
Emotion comes through like fog covering the Mississippi.
Emotion consists of both arousal and a cognitive component.
Emotion drives attention, which drives learning, which drives memory.
Emotion exists to express.
Emotion follows thought.
Emotion Got to be there.
Emotion has a place in the faith.
Emotion has little to do with problem solving, except perhaps to cloud the issues.
Emotion has no part in it.
Emotion has to be channeled for constructive use.
Emotion has to be strong but reduced.
Emotion has tremendous power.
Emotion is a central ingredient in personal change and transformation.
Emotion is a complex psychological construct that evades simple definition.
Emotion is a complex psychological phenomenon which occurs as animals or people live their lives.
Emotion is a consequence of thinking.
Emotion is a coordinate of mind.
Emotion is a difficult thing to control.
Emotion is a foreign country.
Emotion is a good example.
Emotion is a hijacker that causes focus to be shifted and dilutes neutrality.
Emotion is a mode of intelligence.
Emotion is a movement in the body provoqued by or related to the movement of the diaphram.
Emotion is a part of the game.
Emotion is a resonance of various feelings.
Emotion is a road sign.
Emotion is a significant factor in a purchase decision.
Emotion is a slippery word to define.
Emotion is a ubiquitous phenomenon in human social behaviour.
Emotion is a very adaptive form of physiological response, and it regulates our lives.
Emotion is a very difficult thing to zero in on, and there are many different ways to index it.
Emotion is a very strong thing.
Emotion is a weird thing in a coach.
Emotion is almost always the key to a good photo.
Emotion is also a kind of sticky area.
Emotion is also an important factor.
Emotion is also one of the most cross-disciplinary topics in psychology.
Emotion is an adaptive response, part of the vital process of normal reasoning and decision-making.
Emotion is an agent of feeling.
Emotion is an essential ingredient.
Emotion is an indicator of the degree to which any experience is personally meaningful.
Emotion is an inherent trait in our game.
Emotion is an unreliable and unstable indicator, because feelings are fleeting and transitory.
Emotion is anathema.
Emotion is another important factor affecting attention.
Emotion is another.
Emotion is appropriate and natural.
Emotion is bands.
Emotion is black as much as reason is Greek.
Emotion is both an asset and a liability in a deposition.
Emotion is clearly on the pro-planet side.
Emotion is color.
Emotion Is Communication .
Emotion is concerned with the how-question.
Emotion is considered to be a disturbed state of mind.
Emotion is conveyed, desire projected, and identities are mistaken.
Emotion is created by feelings.
Emotion is critical to the movement of the play.
Emotion is deflected into a mannerist torsion.
Emotion is described as a continual flow from one state to another.
Emotion is energy in motion.
Emotion is fear.
Emotion is feeling
Emotion is feelings.
Emotion is generated by complex feedback loops between the lower brain and endocrine system.
Emotion is generated internally rather than from the interaction of characters.
Emotion is good, but only emotion is deadening.
Emotion is good.
Emotion is Hollywood's main thing.
Emotion is hot, cognition is cold, yet both operate in intergroup relations.
Emotion is important to learning because mistakes hurt.
Emotion is Information.
Emotion is instantiated in elements of brain circuitry that have now been characterized.
Emotion is like a river.
Emotion is lyrical and rhythmical in pure, unrestrained form.
Emotion is made up of a collection of emotional charges.
Emotion is mental and sensation is physical, but the two are interrelated.
Emotion is more important, closer to the real essence of life, than is intellect.
Emotion is much easier to manipulate than logic.
Emotion is necessarily about sex.
Emotion is no joke.
Emotion is no longer a private matter.
Emotion is often the motivator for expression through writing, or through any art.
Emotion is one dimension of ability.
Emotion is one of such information.
Emotion is one of the most important, and yet least discussed, aspects of design.
Emotion is one of the most quickly growing areas of research in psychology.
Emotion is one thing.
Emotion is our fundamental predisposition toward action.
Emotion is part of humans.
Emotion is part of minds.
Emotion is part of technique.
Emotion is really just energy in motion.
Emotion is result of specific relationships between people and their environment.
Emotion is shown through the eyes.
Emotion is strong feelings.
Emotion is strong in The Visitation of Mary to Elizabeth .
Emotion is stronger energy than simple thought energy.
Emotion is such an effective distortion to common sense.
Emotion is such an important part of playoff hockey, and great crowds lead to extra emotion.
Emotion is that part of the physiological makeup of humans that involves feeling or sensibility.
Emotion is the chief source of all becoming conscious.
Emotion is the component that transforms a mere image into art.
Emotion is the connection to everything, whether it's bad or good.
Emotion is the dominant factor in religion but plays a small part in philosophy.
Emotion is the element that pumps college football.
Emotion is the enemy of successful currency trading.
Emotion is the enemy of successful trades.
Emotion is the fuel of annihiliation or of creation.
Emotion is the fuel of the subconscious while imagination is the language.
Emotion is the fuel that drives the engine.
Emotion is the fundamental basis of relationships.
Emotion is the gateway to learning. .
Emotion is the key to that plea.
Emotion is the last, controversial frontier in robot evolution.
Emotion is the motivator.
Emotion is the moving and cementing force.
Emotion is the raw, neurological discharge of the organism in response to a stimulus.
Emotion is the reaction in our bodies to the psycho-chemical stimuli produced by the senses.
Emotion is the tangible of the intangible imagination.
Emotion is the tangible or physical manifestation of the intangible imagination.
Emotion is thought energy with physical energy added to it.
Emotion is thoughts.
Emotion is thus sublimated in shifting patterns of music, poetry and graceful movements.
Emotion is totally irrelevant to the truth or falsity of an argument.
Emotion is unnatural.
Emotion is unreliable as motive for action because it is often excessive and capricious.
Emotion is used for feelings.
Emotion is very important to learning because it drives learning and memory processes.
Emotion is what carries a team.
Emotion is what college basketball is all about.
Emotion is what makes sports great.
Emotion is what sells things like homes, especially new ones.
Emotion is what turns passive TV viewers into active buyers.
Emotion is, first of all, a poor judge of truth.
Emotion is, in many ways, a driving force.
Emotion is, to a large degree, an emergent system.
Emotion isa feeling.
Emotion makes beauty.
Emotion makes many traders hold a loser too long.
Emotion masquerading as logic is used to undermine progress.
Emotion moves humans to action even more so than cold numbers and statistics.
Emotion needs no proof and rejects all questioning.
Emotion occurs somewhat like the way consciousness occurs.
EMotion plans to launch footagequest.
Emotion plays a big role in owner pricing.
Emotion plays a big role in telling the truth either before or after the event.
Emotion plays a more important role.
Emotion plays a role in the work of a scientist, too.
Emotion plays no part in deciding what is right and what is wrong.
Emotion plays no part in the scientist's work.
Emotion plays some cruel mind-games.
Emotion provides the carrying impetus.
Emotion relates directly to our desires as well as to our ideals.
Emotion reveals the truth beneath appearances.
Emotion rules No space for reason All team sports Are out of season.
Emotion spoils many artists.
Emotion surrounds information.
Emotion takes over, things change very fast, and afterwards, everything's different.
Emotion takes place in the person who has it.
Emotion takes precedence over reason.
Emotion then is the 'perception' of our current physiological state.
Emotion touches people's hearts and it opens up their minds.
Emotion weakens the procedure.
Emotions accumulate at such times - often, strongly conflicting emotions.
Emotions act as positive and negative inducements to avoid or pursue particular courses of action.
Emotions add physical energy.
Emotions add the ache of loneliness to the fact of Being alone.
Emotions affect all drivers.
Emotions affect and color our experience.
Emotions affect hormones.
Emotions affect our ability to think, problem-solve and communicate.
Emotions affect the finely balanced functions of reproduction.
Emotions affect the nervous system and trauma reflects as lesion marks in the iris.
Emotions allow the human brain to have evolved beyond a problem-solving machine.
Emotions alone are never enough.
Emotions alone speak.
Emotions also affect the immune system.
Emotions also come out easily for many people when they participate in online forums.
Emotions also hunger and thirst.
Emotions also play an important role in decision-making and reasoning.
Emotions are a complex and unknown field.
Emotions are a critical source of motivation.
Emotions are a fluid response to life.
Emotions are a fundamental part of humans intelligence.
Emotions are a healthy part of living.
Emotions are a huge part of the playoffs.
Emotions are a lot harder to prove than actions.
Emotions are a lousy foundation on which to build a faith or a way of life.
Emotions are a major reason people eat.
Emotions are a measuring stick for what's going on below the surface.
Emotions are a natural and integral part of our daily lives.
Emotions are a normal part of life.
Emotions are a pain in the ass.
Emotions are a part of the divine imprint on our lives.
Emotions are a physical quality of the pain.
Emotions are a real factor in high school football.
Emotions are a second source of people problems.
Emotions are a source of energy, and can be directed toward desirable or undesirable goals.
Emotions are a striking and omnipresent feature of human experience.
Emotions are a vital part of our being for several reasons.
Emotions are almost always irrational.
Emotions are also important.
Emotions are also overwhelming to young children.
Emotions are also responsible for creating some of the worst human tragedies.
Emotions are also the appreciators of life.
Emotions are also very different in the dementia universe.
Emotions are always at an extreme pitch.
Emotions are among the least behaviorally and perceptually linked psychological processes.
Emotions are an enormous part of work and human interaction.
Emotions are an important part of our lives.
Emotions are an indication of our imaginations in the material world.
Emotions are an integral part of conflict resolution.
Emotions are another group of pleasures and displeasures.
Emotions are another thing.
Emotions are another top contributing factor.
Emotions are at war only when a person holds mistaken or deliberately contradictory thoughts.
Emotions are automatic thoughts.
Emotions are bigger even than drama.
Emotions are biomechanical.
Emotions are chemistry, generated from within.
Emotions are colors.
Emotions are complex changes of muscles and glands.
Emotions are complicated and difficult to compartmentalize.
Emotions are comprehendible and identifiable, but music is ineffable.
Emotions are contagious, especially negative emotions.
Emotions are contagious.
Emotions are cooler on both sides now.
Emotions are critical and at the heart of patterning.
Emotions are critical to learning.
Emotions are critical to learning-they drive our attention, health, learning, meaning and memory.
Emotions are critical to meaning making and patterning.
Emotions are critical to patterning.
Emotions are deep and breath is shallow.
Emotions are different from any other part of our human experience.
Emotions are easier to project by telepathy than static pictures.
Emotions are electric currents.
Emotions are electrical and chemical events in the body.
Emotions are emotional and intellect is intellectual.
Emotions are emotions.
Emotions are energy moving through our consciousness.
Emotions are energy.
Emotions are equally strong on the other side.
Emotions are essential for both males and females to function properly.
Emotions are essential to reasoning.
Emotions are evanescent, whereas knowledge lasts a lifetime.
Emotions are everywhere, and everyone is different.
Emotions are evident in the morning.
Emotions are expressions of psychological behavior and behavior can be changed.
Emotions are extreme - anger and fear.
Emotions are feelings of connection.
Emotions are feelings such as love, happiness, anger, or fear.
Emotions are feelings that influence behavior and that have physiological and cognitive elements.
Emotions are fickle and deceptive and utterly untrustworthy.
Emotions are fickle.
Emotions are first on their list.
Emotions are fuel and the mind is the pilot, which together propel the ship of civilized progress.
Emotions are functional, most of the time.
Emotions are good and necessary .
Emotions are good and necessary.
Emotions are good.
Emotions are gravity.
Emotions are great motivators but tend to overrun their usefullness both positively and negatively.
Emotions are healthy reactions to difficult situations.
Emotions are heightened, passion is more immediate, and the come-down is more destructive.
Emotions are high and drivers are preparing for the ride of their lives.
Emotions are high as councillors are fighting for their political survival.
Emotions are high in the morning, but instincts today.
Emotions are high on both sides.
Emotions are high today.
Emotions are high, alcohol is often involved and safety is an officer's primary concern.
Emotions are high, and coping skills differ.
Emotions are high, nerves on edge.
Emotions are high.
Emotions are highly salient biological cues for humans.
Emotions are inappropriate or blunted.
Emotions are inconsistent with perfection.
Emotions are information.
Emotions are intangible and in a love scene they are also wrapped up in the senses.
Emotions are integral to sensing and understanding life.
Emotions are intense throughout a year that brings passionate highs and angst-ridden lows.
Emotions are internal behaviors.
Emotions are internal experiences.
Emotions are irrational and they spring mostly from unresolved feelings going back to childhood.
Emotions are irrational.
Emotions are legitimate and communicate.
Emotions are less intense and decisions are easier to make.
Emotions are less intense.
Emotions are like a fever in that regard.
Emotions are like the gold embedded in mountains.
Emotions are like waves.
Emotions are mixed and interwoven.
Emotions are more effective than words when put into something special.
Emotions are more important.
Emotions are more in art, and thinking is more in science.
Emotions are more insistent and intense.
Emotions are more like the prominent figure, moods more like the background.
Emotions are more of an inspiration for artists than for scientists.
Emotions are more True Thoughts are more Thoughtful for the night, it comes.
Emotions are most important.
Emotions are much more than reptilian reflexes.
Emotions are much stronger than reason in most people.
Emotions are neither right nor wrong.
Emotions are neither separate from, nor opposite to, reason.
Emotions are never good or bad.
Emotions are no substitute for actions.
Emotions are normal.
Emotions are observable to others, and are cues to underlying states.
Emotions are often deep and intense.
Emotions are often difficult to control and hard to manage.
Emotions are often hard to control.
Emotions are often large and confident, expressed in obvious language.
Emotions are often on overload.
Emotions are often precursors of certain behaviors.
Emotions are old-fashioned guidance systems.
Emotions are on high.
Emotions are one thing that s consistent.
Emotions are ones of a friendly kind.
Emotions are on-off switches to learning and change.
Emotions are opportunities for training the brain.
Emotions are our decision makers.
Emotions are part of being human.
Emotions are part of the package, to be acknowledged, felt and dealt with.
Emotions are part of the sensible world and subject to the strict law of causality.
Emotions are part of the soul and thus are eternal.
Emotions are partly mental.
Emotions are passionate, forceful, energetic, zealous or jealous, and lasting.
Emotions are peaceful and loving.
Emotions are powerful clues as to what one is most ready to learn next in life.
Emotions are powerful forces of greatness.
Emotions are powerful forces within the human mind.
Emotions are powerful motivators of human behavior.
Emotions are powerful, there's no denying that.
Emotions are powerful.
Emotions are pretty high and, no question, there is stress in the air.
Emotions are processes that are shaped by physiology, perceptions, social experience and language.
Emotions are qualia, qualities as they appear to our consciousness.
Emotions are qualitative and thoughts are quantitative.
Emotions are quick and changeable.
Emotions are quite powerful when it comes to controlling behavior.
Emotions are rather independent and unpredictable.
Emotions are raw now.
Emotions are really our inner lighthouse, our beacon.
Emotions are relational and produce felt tendencies of attraction or repulsion.
Emotions are responsive and gets results through expedience.
Emotions are responsive and gets results through processes.
Emotions are running high during games and guys just do what they feel at the time.
Emotions are running high, energy is at a surplus.
Emotions are scarcely noticeable in the face, but they are mentally intact.
Emotions are self-limiting.
Emotions are short lived.
Emotions are so extreme, and the body is going through severe physical changes.
Emotions are so high that people are driven by self-guided principles.
Emotions are social.
Emotions are something that can cause a wide variety of symptoms.
Emotions are spontaneous inner reactions to the world outside.
Emotions are still at a high pitch.
Emotions are still raw in Tehran after the protests led to riots, arrests and violence.
Emotions are still the same.
Emotions are strange.
Emotions are strong because it is the culmination of two years of work and preparation.
Emotions are strong on both sides, and a recent poll had the election a virtual tossup.
Emotions are strong.
Emotions are stronger now than they've ever been.
Emotions are subjective reactions or feeling.
Emotions are such fickle things, they buzz and fade.
Emotions are suspect, because they change with our moods.
Emotions are the body's response to a thought.
Emotions are the colors of a personality.
Emotions are the core of theater.
Emotions are the factors which weight our decisions.
Emotions are the fire that gets it rolling in art.
Emotions are the first step to action.
Emotions are the fuel of action, they can drive behavior .
Emotions are the fundamental way energy assimilates experience.
Emotions are the gateway to making a buying decision.
Emotions are the greatest enemy of a trader.
Emotions are the internal state.
Emotions are the key to motivating people.
Emotions are the key.
Emotions are the real fuel source behind power struggles.
Emotions are the result of an individual s reaction to a stimulus, which can be virtually anything.
Emotions are the result of our thoughts.
Emotions are the spice of life.
Emotions are the subjective feelings that individuals carry which denote various moods.
Emotions are the substance of art.
Emotions are the trigger in the decision making process.
Emotions are things humans feel, like anguish or happiness that are followed by pain or pleasure.
Emotions are thoughts And thoughts can be changed.
Emotions are to a considerable extent feelings.
Emotions are tools.
Emotions are unable to detect a distinction between material and virtual worlds.
Emotions are undependable.
Emotions are universal.
Emotions are varied in intensity and duration.
Emotions are very complex things, but the triggers of emotions are quite simplistic.
Emotions are very controlled.
Emotions are very high right now over Indian sovereignty, casinos and land claims.
Emotions are very personal.
Emotions are very powerful things, no doubt.
Emotions are very powerful tools, and when used in rhetoric, they can sway opinions and beliefs.
Emotions are very real and very important.
Emotions are very useful tools.
Emotions are warm, spontaneous, jovial, enthusiastic, and buoyant.
Emotions are well-crafted and despite the potential for hysterics, controlled.
Emotions are what get investors upset about movements in their portfolio from one month to the next.
Emotions are what sell.
Emotions arise and pass.
Emotions arise as a result of external conditions or as a result of mental machinations.
Emotions arise only because of appraisal .
Emotions associate with elements that symbolize realities.
Emotions associated with people from past situations are displaced onto the therapist.
Emotions become out of synch.
Emotions become products, to be sold like movies.
Emotions begin to awaken.
Emotions blend, the intellect separates.
Emotions block rational thinking.
Emotions block the path to power.
Emotions born of decades of mistrust, rather than sheer numbers, appear to be driving the outrage.
Emotions bring on asthma in many children.
Emotions bring out tenderness and broaden the range of the music.
Emotions build love, and love arouses curiosity.
Emotions can affect both client expectations and decisions in a variety of ways.
Emotions can also play a role.
Emotions can be contradictory, raw and animal-like on one hand while serene and poetic on the other.
Emotions can be crucial to the storage and recall of information.
Emotions can be deceptive and misleading, and that is because they are part of our humanity.
Emotions can be difficult to restrain.
Emotions can be elusive.
Emotions can be emotional.
Emotions can be exaggerated, and some sufferers appear to be drunk.
Emotions can be hard and aggressive with calculated desires and a tendency to manipulate.
Emotions can be hard to identify for several reasons.
Emotions can be incorrect for several reasons.
Emotions can be mixed.
Emotions can be overwhelming and, in some cases, marriage can die along with the couple's dream.
Emotions can be overwhelming.
Emotions can be positive and negative and can consequently affect our well-being.
Emotions can be positive or negative.
Emotions can be powerful.
Emotions can be volatile and planning can be stressful.
Emotions can become inflamed and false expectations raised by bad advice.
Emotions can burn like fire.
Emotions can cause depression.
Emotions can change quickly from one to another.
Emotions can come out at different times.
Emotions can create physiological responses that become conducive to cancer growth.
Emotions can deceive.
Emotions can easily heat up today.
Emotions can enhance or retard the creative process.
Emotions can even be contagious.
Emotions can get in the way of the message.
Emotions can manifest with equal force, whether incited by fantasy or reality.
Emotions can often run high as a result and then a snowball effect occurs.
Emotions can override our rational side.
Emotions can produce wonderful speeches and stirring op-ed pieces.
Emotions can run amuck.
Emotions can run every bit as high as in a divorce.
Emotions can run high and there is the potential for conflict.
Emotions can run high, and trust and communication can very often break down.
Emotions can run high, but there is always time for a laugh.
Emotions can run high.
Emotions can run hot.
Emotions can sometimes run high on issues affecting chiropractors.
Emotions can spiral out of control quickly.
Emotions can, however, be asthma triggers.
Emotions can, too, be a liability as well as an asset.
Emotions cause severe symptoms.
Emotions cause the brain to produce various chemicals for distribution throughout the body.
Emotions certainly have there place in our lives.
Emotions color our most dispassionate thinking.
Emotions come and go.
Emotions come and they go.
Emotions come from the heart, as does universal love and love for others.
Emotions come from the so-called subconscious mind.
Emotions come from thoughts.
Emotions come in the form of a family now.
Emotions come out of the subconscious mind.
Emotions come through the ear rather than the eye, winter is a rainbow emerging through hearing.
Emotions communicate on a deep level from inside to inside.
Emotions confer meaning to the events of our lives, and add passion and conviction to our actions.
Emotions connected with separations are many and vary from family to family.
Emotions continue to run high in the city after nearly a year of controversy.
Emotions control the brain.
Emotions control the preponderance of basic human needs and behavior patterns.
Emotions controle the decisions of a bot.
Emotions correspond to patterns of relationships and are in a certain way learned.
Emotions count for a lot more than common sense when it comes to voters.
Emotions count too.
Emotions depend on so many different things.
Emotions determine more than anything, in that universe.
Emotions differ from person to person and so do the reactions of others.
Emotions directly affect physical well being.
Emotions disarrange valuations.
Emotions disrupt rational processing.
Emotions distort the thinking of alcoholics.
Emotions do affect our physical health.
Emotions do have positive spin-offs.
Emotions do influence the way that our bronchial tubes and our immune systems behave.
Emotions do play an important role in our lives.
Emotions do run high.
Emotions do the same for Being , Belonging , and Doing .
Emotions don t come into it.
Emotions drive attention, index events, set priorities, and create meaning.
Emotions drive the threesome, attention, meaning, and memory.
Emotions elicited by test results can produce a shift in family dynamics.
Emotions encompass the mental, physical, and spiritual realms.
Emotions evoked include sadness and despair, as well as hope.
Emotions excuse everything.
Emotions exist somewhere between the soul and ethics - sort of independently.
Emotions fear, anger, frustration - run high.
Emotions filter all that information out there and they color what's taken in and remembered.
Emotions find their catharsis and tension is released.
Emotions flare over animal issues.
Emotions flare up when money and pride are on the line.
Emotions flip over into their opposites.
Emotions flow flooding river.
Emotions flow more freely.
Emotions get in the way of rational judgement.
Emotions get in the way.
Emotions give meaning and depth to life.
Emotions give organizations pain and cause organizational suffering.
Emotions go crazy in there sometimes, especially when a guy continues to mess up on the floor.
Emotions grow out of thoughts.
Emotions have a part to play.
Emotions have a reassuringly physiological component.
Emotions have a way of counterdicting themselves.
Emotions have emotional power.
Emotions have much more energy than people realize.
Emotions have no place in investing.
Emotions have no place in reason.
Emotions have no place on the job.
Emotions have the ability to distort our vision of reality.
Emotions have the power to override even the most rational decisions.
Emotions have their own biologically automated pathways, which are the superhighways of the brain.
Emotions have to be controlled.
Emotions have to be dealt with.
Emotions have to be expressed.
Emotions have yet to reconcile.
Emotions Having a heart attack can be a frightening experience.
Emotions heal through flowing.
Emotions help make the world what it is.
Emotions help sell.
Emotions impact attention, health, learning, interpretation of meaning, and memory.
Emotions increase the strength of the strongest response tendencies.
Emotions inevitably rise.
Emotions influence the content of working memory.
Emotions influence the mind.
Emotions intensify the roleplaying experience.
Emotions intensify to a melodramatic pitch.
Emotions intensify, stress increases, anxiety sets in.
Emotions interfere with reasoned, rationale discussion.
Emotions involve complicated tasks that, curiously, even very young children can do pretty well.
Emotions involve feelings and conscious, which are hard to study scientifically.
Emotions just float away.
Emotions kick up.
Emotions make art.
Emotions make the mind dangerously unstable, performance subject to moods and emotional disruption.
Emotions modulate our behavior.
Emotions modulate physical communication.
Emotions motivate action.
Emotions motivate actions.
Emotions motivate the achievement of important goals.
Emotions muddy the water - and mud seriously reduces visibility.
Emotions normally run high when the two teams meet.
Emotions occur on a deeper and personal level.
Emotions occur quickly.
Emotions occur, but they can be overlooked.
Emotions open the mind to vast, new realms of possibilities.
Emotions originate from body.
Emotions penetrate the real world.
Emotions play a bigger role.
Emotions play a huge role in art.
Emotions play a huge role in science as well.
Emotions play a key factor in disease progresion.
Emotions play a large role in both art and science.
Emotions play a number of important functions in the life of a child.
Emotions play a part in everyone's life.
Emotions play a part in the sensory system.
Emotions play a powerful role in the interviewing process.
Emotions play a very important role.
Emotions play almost no role in science.
Emotions play an important part in arguments and conflicts.
Emotions play an important role when learning and memory circuits are being established.
Emotions play no part here, neither do crazy beliefs or religious exhortations.
Emotions prevail at Ginsberg tribute It rocked.
Emotions provide direction.
Emotions range from joy to sadness, and many still are very curious.
Emotions reflect intentions.
Emotions regarding transplant continue to run high.
Emotions represent in part a primitive past, the bubbling influences of a reptilian heritage.
Emotions reveal attitudes.
Emotions reveal themselves physically .
Emotions rise as attendance falls.
Emotions roll and provide the constant background to the story.
Emotions run across the board.
Emotions run at maximum output at every moment.
Emotions run deep and friendships are made with some of the terminally ill patients.
Emotions run deep and phone bills high.
Emotions run deep in Chinese history.
Emotions run deep on both sides.
Emotions run fast and furious and change with a moment's notice.
Emotions run high against Germany and the United Kingdom, as well.
Emotions run high and hot.
Emotions run high and passions burn hot.
Emotions run high as the world's countries battle for the World Cup.
Emotions run high because social e-mail lists have become lifelines.
Emotions run high due to brand loyalty, culture differences and history.
Emotions run high during a negligence lawsuit.
Emotions run high during games, and feelings are easily hurt.
Emotions run high during pregnancy in general.
Emotions run high here, like the wind.
Emotions run high here, though nothing is contrived or manipulative.
Emotions run high in playoff hockey.
Emotions run high in the Cancerian soul.
Emotions run high in the kindergarten and first-grade room.
Emotions run high in times of tragedy.
Emotions run high on both sides of the issue.
Emotions run high on both sides when the issue of Jerusalem sovereignty is raised.
Emotions run high on the subject.
Emotions run high when a resignation is received and promises tend to be made that are unrealistic.
Emotions run high when buying a new car.
Emotions run high when heated words explode in flung cocktails, snappy insults, and bitch-slaps.
Emotions run high when people talk about privacy.
Emotions run high, as in all championship game.
Emotions run high, as well, for opponents of the legislation.
Emotions run high, but so do skill levels.
Emotions run high, morale suffers, and productivity can drop.
Emotions run high.
Emotions run hot when livelihoods are at stake.
Emotions run rampant and misinformation is the rule.
Emotions run rampant enough in adolescence without any additional issues.
Emotions run rampant.
Emotions run really high.
Emotions run strong.
Emotions run the frequent range from joy and elation to frustration, anger and tears.
Emotions run very high indeed.
Emotions run very high when someone gets a unique opportunity to see the aircraft from inside.
Emotions run very high.
Emotions sear the flesh too raw, too cold alone to peel.
Emotions seem to be the phenomenological instantiation of the instinct of goal - direction.
Emotions seem to come automatically, and they can be overwhelming.
Emotions serve as warning signals about underlying issues .
Emotions signal to the self and the other the nature of the individual's goals.
Emotions spill over with the strength of our performance.
Emotions stimulate our brains to recall things better.
Emotions stir within.
Emotions surface at different times throughout a lifetime.
Emotions surge as one ventures into the extreme.
Emotions surge like electrical currents.
Emotions swing wildly from despair to acceptance and back again.
Emotions take control.
Emotions take over and such emotions are most likely to be negative.
Emotions take over good business sense sometimes.
Emotions tend to arise in the game, creating rivalries.
Emotions tend to be dualistic, changeable, mental, and competitive.
Emotions tend to be fluid and changeable in the days after childbirth.
Emotions tend to expand and be positive, enthusiastic, loyal, religious, supportive, and caring.
Emotions tend to lie.
Emotions tend to oscillate from high to low to high.
Emotions tend to run high in Woo's movies.
Emotions too are an asset.
Emotions too go awry, creating a sniper who guns down shoppers.
Emotions vary including euphoria, distress, resentment, hostility, rebellion, and negativity.
Emotions veer wildly almost moment to moment, from profound fear to exhilaration.
Emotions always have a rational basis.
Emotions always run high on the subject of whales, perhaps the most beloved ocean creatures.
Emotions always run high when changes to school calendars are proposed.
Emotions frequently run high.
Emotion often gets short shrift in our society, and is thought to have no place at all in science.
Emotion often rules.
Emotion often runs high in opinions about methadone.
Emotions often affect people and can get the project off track.
Emotions often express outwardly our innermost beliefs.
Emotions often swing from fear to sadness to anger to hope and grief in a single day.
Emotions often tend to cloud rationality and judgment.
Emotions sometimes are hard to control.
Emotions sometimes blur rationality, though.
Emotions sometimes get frozen and then replayed later, out of context.
Emotions sometimes get in the way of our being able to make objective moral judgments.
Emotions sometimes mislead.
Emotions sometimes run high.
Emotion usually leads to bad investment decisions.
Emotions usually run high, and mood swings are common.
Emotions usually run high, and tempers are easily ignited in such an atmosphere.
Emotions usually run high.
All emotion is a reduction in the quantum of ananda.
All emotion is guilt.
All emotion is reaction to opinion.
All emotion is suspect, real, but suspect.
All emotions appear blunted.
All emotions are inherently surprising as they begin before rational thought can come into play.
All emotions are messages from our unconscious aspects to our conscious ones.
All emotions are suspect.
All emotions are, in essence, impulses to act.
All emotions contain the same particles of energy, the same prana.
All emotions expressed by the people are sincere, and they're only positive.
All emotions have causes, causes which can be understood and controlled.
All emotions merge in peace.
All emotions stem from it.
Every emotion has thereby a direct effect on the body's physiological function.
Every emotion has to be big.
Every emotion is a doorway into a magical awakening.
Every emotion is a problem crying out for a solution.
Every emotion is all-consuming, no passion is disobeyed.
Every emotion is intensified.
Every emotion loves to reproduce itself, and to find a kindred sympathy in the bosom of another.
Every emotion seems exaggerated.
Many emotions are self-centered in a way that is detrimental to spirituality.
Most emotions are healthy responses to unhealthy experiences.
Some emotions appear to be expressed by a posture opposite to that of the opposite emotion.
Some emotions are more complex than others, formed through the combination of simpler emotions.
Some emotions are stronger, meaning they have more energy, than other emotions.
Some emotions camouflage as positive or negative, but really are the opposite of what they pretend.
Some emotions even prevent some actions.
Some emotions mask other, deeper emotions.
Some emotions seem impervious to logic, resistant to right.
Some emotions seem to encourage evil decisions, such as greed, ambition and desire.
Emotional abandonment can be as painful as grief over death, perhaps even more.
Emotional abuse affects the soul, and the soul is invisible.
Emotional abuse can also coincide with a child's developmental stages and challenges.
Emotional abuse can be active.
Emotional abuse can be as random as the fallout from a nuclear explosion.
Emotional abuse can be in the form of repeated verbal attacks.
Emotional abuse can be just as damaging as physical abuse.
Emotional abuse can be just as damaging.
Emotional abuse can be just as debilitating as physical harm.
Emotional abuse can be more damaging than physical abuse.
Emotional abuse can be serious and even life-threatening if left unattended.
Emotional abuse can be the most difficult to identify and prove.
Emotional abuse can be verbal or behavioral, active or passive, frequent or occasional.
Emotional abuse can cause hypertension, ulcers, depression, and a broken spirit.
Emotional abuse can involve threatening, terrorizing, insulting, or inducing fear.
Emotional abuse can take place in public or at home.
Emotional abuse causes stress or harm to the person.
Emotional abuse creates a vicious cycle.
Emotional abuse distorts the process of attachment and affective development.
Emotional abuse escalates to physical abuse.
Emotional abuse happens in all kinds of ways.
Emotional abuse harms self-esteem.
Emotional abuse hurts because it happens over a long time by someone who is important to a child.
Emotional abuse includes behaviors that degrade or make a person feel worthless, helpless or afraid.
Emotional abuse includes making a child feel rejected, terrorized, berated, humiliated or isolated.
Emotional abuse includes threats, constant criticism and put-downs.
Emotional abuse involves an attack on a child's sense of self.
Emotional abuse is a devastating, debilitating heart and soul mutilation.
Emotional abuse is a method of control that includes a variety of verbal attacks and humiliations.
Emotional abuse is a pattern of behavior attacking a child's self-worth.
Emotional abuse is a pattern of destructive behaviour or verbal attacks by an adult on a child.
Emotional abuse IS abuse.
Emotional abuse is almost always present when other forms are identified.
Emotional abuse is another story.
Emotional abuse is behavior that attacks a child's emotional development and sense of self-worth.
Emotional abuse is both the most pervasive and the least understood form of child maltreatment.
Emotional abuse is by far the broadest category.
Emotional abuse is consistent and chronic behavior.
Emotional abuse is consistent, constant and cumulative.
Emotional abuse is easy to blame on the victim.
Emotional abuse is easy to hide.
Emotional abuse is emotional violence.
Emotional abuse is insidious.
Emotional abuse is just as bad a physical abuse.
Emotional abuse is just as damaging as physical abuse.
Emotional abuse is more difficult to target.
Emotional abuse is more pervasive than physical abuse and is much harder to identify.
Emotional abuse is often a component of physical or sexual abuse.
Emotional abuse is often hard to detect, so people tolerate it much longer.
Emotional abuse is often more damaging than physical abuse.
Emotional abuse is one of the most common and harmful forms of child abuse.
Emotional abuse is present in all forms of sibling abuse.
Emotional abuse is probably the most common kind of abuse a child suffers.
Emotional abuse is sometimes even harder than sexual abuse to define and recognize.
Emotional abuse is sometimes much more damaging than physical abuse.
Emotional abuse is such a hard area.
Emotional abuse is the infliction of anguish, pain or distress through verbal or non-verbal acts.
Emotional abuse is the most difficult form of child maltreatment to identify.
Emotional abuse is the systematic diminishment of another.
Emotional abuse is the worst.
Emotional abuse is thesystematic diminishment of another.
Emotional abuse is usually more psychologically damaging than physical abuse.
Emotional abuse is verbal assaults, negative moods, family discord and double messages.
Emotional abuse is very difficult to categorize and measure.
Emotional abuse is very real and is most often unbelieved or belittled.
Emotional abuse is, by many victims' opinions, the most damaging form of domestic violence.
Emotional abuse kills the spirit.
Emotional abuse leads to hurt and anger.
Emotional abuse leaves terrible scarring in the mind of the young, impressionable child.
Emotional abuse occurs over time.
Emotional abuse requires no physical conduct whatsoever.
Emotional abuse scars the heart and damages the soul.
Emotional abuse takes the form of a systematic degrading of the victim's self-worth.
Emotional abuse threatens to become a national illness.
Emotional abusers have a tendency to push their limits.
Emotional abusers push their limits.
Some emotional abusers are very shocked to realize they are acting like their parents.
Emotional acceptance comes eventually.
Emotional adjustment is important as well.
Emotional affairs are very hard to break.
Emotional anxiety is experienced by mothers.
Most emotional anxiety is experienced by mothers.
Emotional appeals attempt to arouse the feelings of the reader.
Emotional appeals work.
Emotional approaches range from warm and caring to fear arousing and disturbing.
Emotional arguments can get in the way of an unbiased assessment of the effects of sex education.
Emotional arousal appears to influence how well experiences are remembered.
Emotional arousal happens.
Emotional arousal is arousal
Emotional aspects are important, too.
Emotional aspects have to be taken into consideration.
Every emotional aspect feels real, justified, and understood.
Emotional attachment is a hard thing to deal with.
Emotional attachments have a downside, as humans well know.
Emotional attachments take time to solidify.
Emotional awareness can enable an individual to reduce symptoms, and resolve conflicts.
Emotional awareness is necessary in order to create authentic power.
Emotional awareness is the first step in spiritual development.
Emotional awareness is the first step on the spiritual path.
Emotional babies are more concerned about protecting their own egos than in growing.
Emotional balance refers to a state of calmness and resilience.
Emotional behaviors are qualities of an individual that can be observed, measured, or recorded.
Emotional benefits are likely as well.
Emotional blackmail is used on women in labour to produce compliance.
Emotional Blocks can severely limit performance.
Emotional bonds develop, sufficiently powerful to cause both rapture and pain.
Emotional bruises are the result of blows to one's identity.
Emotional bullying can be just as brutal.
Emotional burdens arise, the sting, the pain of letting go.
Emotional catharsis clears the waters for more peace, comfort and well being.
Emotional challenges continue.
Emotional changes accompany physical changes in the early months of pregnancy.
Emotional changes are common and include depression, frustration and anxiety.
Emotional changes can also cause one's heart rate to increase.
Emotional changes can be dramatic during adolescence.
Emotional changes can be due to life stressors, birth control pills, or a combination of both.
Emotional circumstances are often critical.
Emotional closeness can kill.
Emotional clutter can be even more damaging.
Emotional collapse is a complex matter.
Emotional commitment can be scary.
Emotional commitment is far more important than physical intimacy.
Emotional commitment tends to draw the commitment of others.
Emotional competence is an essential part of professional practice.
Emotional concepts can be big barriers.
Emotional conditions affect physical health.
Emotional conditions have effects.
Most emotional conditions have effects.
Emotional conflict is likely.
Emotional conflict is reduced as previously competitive relationships become more cooperative.
Emotional conflict is reduced by patching up previously conflicting relationships.
Emotional confusion becomes mystic love.
Emotional connectedness is the glue that holds the relationship together.
Emotional connections are in short supply and consequently the music occupies a distant position.
Emotional connections make the family.
Emotional contact can be pre-natal.
Emotional contagion is linked to facial mimicry in humans and primates.
Emotional content requires more effort for viewers to process.
Emotional content tends to be more negative than positive.
Emotional content works very well on radio.
Emotional control balances relaxation with arousal to permit better concentration.
Emotional cost reflects the pain of focusing on, and being held hostage by our emotions.
Emotional costs are real and can be a good enough reason to act.
Emotional counseling is important for others.
Emotional cues create honest exchanges between people.
Emotional damage is very hard to forget in a short time.
Emotional deadness is called depression in medical language.
Emotional decadence is when heart strings are tugged for frivolous or inappropriate causes.
Emotional decisions are the hardest to make.
Emotional defenses are a natural reaction to a stressful situation.
Emotional delight is followed by no more than jaded senses which speedily recuperate.
Emotional delight is followed by no more than jaded senses, which speedily recuperate.
Emotional delivery works within the framework of their songs captivating melodies.
Emotional demands can damage the relationship.
Emotional dependence grows, and strangers can cause anxiety.
Emotional dependence is a serious component of addiction.
Emotional dependency comes as a surprise to most people.
Emotional dependency is a painful thing to discuss.
Emotional depletion carries a stigma.
Emotional deprivation causes failure to thrive.
Emotional deprivation runs rampant in the culture.
Emotional development begins at home in the process of attunement with the parent.
Emotional development Identify emotional developmental characteristics.
Emotional development is about learning to experience, identify, express and control feelings.
Emotional development is an area often neglected when making programming decisions.
Emotional development is far too important to leave to chance.
Emotional development stops at the point of the trauma, while the mind and body continue to grow.
Emotional dialogue contains hyperbole, with more passion than real conversation.
Emotional difficulties arise as well.
Emotional disabilities can range from mild depression to schizophrenia or bi-polar disorder.
Emotional discovery is the archaeological exhumation of a civilization suspended in disaster.
Emotional dishonesty keeps others at a distance.
Emotional disorder is a mental disturbance
Emotional disorders are the most common of all.
Emotional disorders constitute the core syndromes of psychotic disorders.
Most emotional disorders can cause sleep disturbance.
Emotional distress appears to increase as years spent care-giving increase.
Emotional distress can also have profound effects on gastrointestinal motility.
Emotional distress can cause muscular pains and headaches through increased muscular tension.
Emotional distress is an actual injury.
Any emotional distress is the key factor causing internal dysfunction in the body.
Some emotional distress flows when discrimination has been proven by the complainant's testimony.
An emotional disturbance is a mental disturbance
Emotional disturbance affects the digestive system.
Emotional disturbances are frequent in persons who view their obesity as a lack of self-discipline.
Emotional disturbances are often likely to be a consequence of obesity rather than the cause.
Emotional disturbances are usually minimal.
Emotional disturbances are very common with the onset of delirium.
Emotional divergence becomes a major cause of the disintegration of a family.
Emotional eating involves using food to reduce the effect of unpleasant feelings.
Emotional eating is complex and often inappropriately treated with severe diet regimes.
Emotional education is non-stigmatizing if presented properly as an aspect of human development.
Emotional emptiness is the source of addiction.
Emotional enchantment is conjured up, brought forth, and summoned from the underworld.
Emotional energy is a combination of the physical and mental energy level.
Emotional energy is useful when it encourages participation and change.
Much emotional energy surrounds our concepts of work and financial success.
Emotional engagement is the key to effective learning.
Emotional enthusiasm becomes the standard by which all religious experience is measured.
Emotional events are often unusual, or distinctive events.
Emotional exhortations based upon our own needs are futile.
Emotional experience includes all of the feelings of emotion.
Emotional experience is the treasure of existence.
Emotional explosions follow.
Emotional expression becomes easier.
Emotional expression comes naturally to most people.
Emotional expression depends almost entirely upon the choice of harmonies.
Emotional expression is a collective concern.
Emotional expression is blunted or inappropriate for a given situation.
Emotional expression is difficult which can make intimate relationships challenging.
Emotional expression is important because emotions are the body's biofeedback mechanism.
Emotional expressions are valid and natural and deserve our respect and understanding.
Emotional factors are at work too.
Emotional factors are frequent.
Emotional factors can also contribute to the severity of the nausea and vomiting.
Emotional factors do play a vital role in the judgement of driving.
Emotional faith is slavery.
Emotional feelings are the voice of the human spirit.
Emotional fitness is approached in much the same manner as physical fitness.
Emotional freshness is understood as human love and is adored as such.
Emotional fulfillment is a treasure at hand.
Emotional gains are less measurable, but evident.
Emotional genius is the gift of looking at our emotional lives in new and creative ways.
Emotional genius places a new skill into the mix.
Emotional geniuses treat their own emotions, and the emotions of others, honorably.
Emotional growth involves the development of a child's feelings.
Emotional growth is a natural process.
Emotional growth is evident as well.
Emotional growth is lifelong.
Emotional guilt is the feeling of being guilty.
Emotional harmony grows from a calm center.
Emotional healing depends on movement from conflict to resolution.
Emotional healing is like physical healing.
Emotional healings are almost always long lasting.
Emotional Healings involve a restoration of our emotions to health and wholeness.
Emotional health grows out of relationship soil.
Emotional health is a component of sexuality just as physical illness can challenge intimacy.
Emotional health is a vital aspect of all of our lives.
Emotional health is also important on the job.
Emotional health is attainable with guidance.
Emotional health needs attention on a regular basis.
Emotional health starts with recognition.
Emotional holding can also manifest into chronic pain and discomfort.
Emotional homelessness is as big a problem as the lack of a physical home.
Emotional homeostasis balances our interaction with the world.
Emotional hunger is a condition of pain and longing many people confuse with feelings of love.
Emotional hurt seems to have a resonance which only dissolves with the passage of time.
Emotional illness can be as painful as any physical illness.
Emotional illness is a progressive disease.
Any emotional imbalance affects the movement of qi.
Emotional immunity goes beyond feelings.
Emotional impact counts too, which is why human-interest stories are commonplace.
Emotional incest is characterized by poor boundaries between parent and child.
Emotional incest occurs when a child feels responsible for a parents emotional well-being.
Emotional injuries are essentially a normal response to an extreme event.
Emotional injury causes many physiological changes.
Emotional injury is almost always a consequence of any form of abuse or neglect.
Emotional injury is essentially a normal response to an extreme event.
Emotional instability is a long term result.
Emotional instability precludes the successful completion of the medical curriculum.
Emotional instability renders physical strength infractious.
Emotional intelligence encompasses both personal and social competencies.
Emotional intelligence has certain components.
Emotional intelligence helps teachers, too.
Emotional intelligence is a huge part of overcoming violence.
Emotional intelligence is a learned process rather than a preordained set of steps.
Emotional intelligence is a new and important aspect of a child's education.
Emotional intelligence is a phrase for a different way of being smart.
Emotional intelligence is a topic that is attracting a considerable amount of popular attention.
Emotional intelligence is also essential in day to day work.
Emotional intelligence is an extension of the concept of multiple intelligence.
Emotional intelligence is an important component of a child's development.
Emotional intelligence is both a scholarly and a popular concept.
Emotional intelligence is certainly something that can be evaluated in everyone.
Emotional intelligence is embedded in all areas of life and work.
Emotional intelligence is key to successful personal and professional relationships.
Emotional intelligence is learned and learnable, it's fluid.
Emotional intelligence is the diagnosis and spiritual intelligence is the treatment.
Emotional intelligence is the latest mantra in an age of panaceas.
Emotional intelligence is the result of learning that can occur throughout the life span.
Emotional intelligence is yet another measure of cognition or awareness in animal minds.
Emotional intelligence leads to success in top executives around the world.
Emotional intelligence means sophistication about emotions.
Emotional intelligence meets standards for a traditional intelligence.
Emotional intelligence meets traditional standards for an intelligence .
Emotional intelligence meets traditional standards for an intelligence.
Emotional intensity can be costly.
Emotional intensity is often low to mild, as seen for example in a mild reaction to being punished.
Emotional interference is hardest to counteract.
Emotional intimacy involves so much more.
Emotional intimacy is irrelevant, and has no value at all.
Emotional intimacy takes time to develop.
Emotional involvement can distract from attention, reducing usability.
Emotional involvement can teach.
Emotional involvement is always, to a greater or lesser degree, postponed.
Emotional involvement is only average.
Emotional involvement is used extensively in advertising, entertainment and news services.
Some emotional involvement is needed from one side or the other, or both.
Emotional isolation increases an individual's risk for depression.
Emotional issues are great for news.
Emotional issues are separate from factual issues.
Emotional issues can have a profound impact on our immune system and our ability to heal.
Emotional issues can only provoke violent nationalism.
Emotional issues put people at risk for misusing medicines.
Emotional issues surround hooks' latest Free love, free sex, sexism, feminism and racism.
Emotional itches are the same.
Emotional junkies wear their feelings like a badge of courage.
Emotional labor increases perceptions of job stress, decreases satisfaction, and increases distress.
Emotional life is interconnected with moral and spiritual life.
Emotional life resides in the limbic system, specifically the amygdala.
Emotional literacy implies an expanded mandate for schools.
Emotional literacy is needed to adequately prepare children for their adult lives.
Emotional loneliness is the absence of a close emotional relationship.
Emotional losses are just incalculable.
Emotional love evokes the opposite.
Emotional maltreatment is the most difficult form of abuse or neglect to define.
Emotional management is the key to survival and to maintaining a competitive edge.
Emotional manipulation works both ways.
Emotional maturity is another cooperative social virtue.
Emotional maturity is important.
Emotional maturity is required.
Emotional maturity occurs, as with humans, over an extended period of time and in stages.
Emotional memory re-creates our original emotional response.
Emotional movements are unimpaired.
Emotional needs express themselves one way or another.
Emotional needs stand in the way of the 'self', and yet are also the stepping stones to the 'self'.
Emotional neglect is hard to spot.
Emotional numbness acts as a form of self-defense from reality.
Emotional numbness can be a powerful fictional tool.
Emotional order allows character, strength, and love to grow.
Emotional outburst can be counter-productive on the job.
Emotional outbursts punctuate conversations by computer.
Emotional outbursts tend to escalate rather than solve a conflict.
Emotional overload makes showdowns probable.
Emotional pain carries a lot of stigma.
Emotional pain compromises daily life and derails the brightest of futures.
Emotional pain is an isolating ache.
Emotional pain is just as real as physical pain.
Emotional pain is much worse than physical pain.
Emotional pain is no different.
Emotional pain is often obvious to a veterinarian who has experience dealing with neglected animals.
Emotional pain is something that psychologists are still trying to understand.
Emotional pain stops.
Emotional patterns held in the physical tissue of our body restrict our expression.
Emotional people marry rational sorts to help themselves think.
Emotional pitfalls Returning an injured employee to the job is a delicate issue.
Emotional preparation is crucial.
Emotional preparedness is critical.
Emotional presence is felt.
Emotional problems are as much a part of life as physical illness.
Emotional problems are usually long-standing problems and require some patience to treat.
Emotional problems are very complex and can be dangerous.
Emotional problems arise from our inner conflicts, especially distorting memories and fantasies.
Emotional problems can affect careers, marriages and relationships.
Emotional problems can also cause trouble on the job.
Emotional problems can contribute to the obesity or can result from it.
Emotional problems can include depression or relationship and family problems.
Emotional problems can intensify overseas which can effect one person or an entire group.
Emotional problems can interfere with learning.
Emotional problems can lead to bruxism.
Emotional problems can suddenly seem overwhelming.
Emotional problems cause a stagnation in the Liver which causes heat to rise.
Emotional problems tend to get put on the back burner.
Many emotional problems are secondary to the physiological condition.
Many emotional problems derive from the idea of becoming old.
Some emotional problems are faced by children.
Emotional radio is compelling.
Emotional rape has many similarities to physical rape, particularly date rape.
Emotional reactions are normal.
Emotional reactions can include denial or trying to forget that the crime ever happened.
Emotional reactions can occur such as irritability, anxiety, guilt and depression.
Emotional reactions can vary from person to person.
Emotional reactions represent a healing crisis on the feeling level, as in the following example.
Any emotional reaction is better than indifference.
Emotional reactivity is an accompaniment of perceptual defense.
Emotional reality is that aspect of reality in which everything is connected.
Emotional reassurance is necessary and they respond well to hugs.
Emotional recovery is long and painful, if ever fully achieved.
Emotional relationships are fundamental to early learning.
Emotional release is important.
Emotional resonance is created by the eccentricity of the color.
Emotional response seems to be heightened in dreams, and concepts more clearly defined.
Emotional responses are erratic and exaggerated.
Emotional responses are important.
Emotional responses are spontaneous, uncomplicated, unconsidered, and hard to explain.
Emotional responses can occur in the absence of conscious experience.
Emotional responses provide information.
Many emotional responses can be overt and easy to spot.
Most emotional responses provide information.
Emotional responsibility is the loving response to the vulnerability in openness to each other.
Emotional restraint is considered to be a psychiatric problem rather than a necessary virtue.
Emotional safety can be a healing experience in two ways.
Emotional safety is also an important aspect to challenge course training.
Emotional safety is an emotional, somatic and spiritual experience.
Emotional safety is harder to perceive and, often, harder to provide.
Emotional satisfaction comes from stimulating or pleasing the senses or the ego.
Emotional scars can be just as harmful as physical ones.
Emotional scars can be more damaging than physical trauma.
Emotional scars can persist long after significant improvements have occurred.
Emotional scars heal at a cruel, unmerciful pace.
Some emotional scars have trouble.
Emotional sensitivity is common in both giftedness and autism.
Emotional shifts take place within the music, so the transitions from music to poetry flow nicely.
Emotional sickness is a difficult issue for students of all ages.
Emotional signals can be tricky.
Some emotional situations cause imbalances.
Emotional stability is a primary factor to be considered before any aesthetic surgery is performed.
Emotional stability is an important factor, too.
Emotional stability is an important factor.
Emotional stability is an indicator of a healthy and mature adult.
Emotional stability is detrimental to adequate progress.
Emotional stability is needed.
Emotional stability is one of the most important traits good managers can have.
Emotional stability is required in order to cope with human suffering and frequent emergencies.
Emotional stability is required to cope with human suffering and frequent emergencies.
Emotional stability stems from the capacity to deal with life's many inconsistencies.
An emotional state is emotion
Emotional state is another factor that can affect drug use.
Emotional state is like after an exercise.
Emotional states are always impetus for action, meant to be physically expressed.
Emotional states are emotion.
Emotional states are just that - emotions at work in the dog s body and mind.
Emotional states are the result of chemical changes in the body.
Emotional states become physical symptoms.
Emotional statements require empathic, logical-emotional responses.
Emotional stimuli seem to have a stronger effect on the sweat glands in certain individuals.
Emotional strain is worse than physical strain to deal with.
Emotional stress appears to play a role.
Emotional stress can also become a problem around holidays.
Emotional stress can also trigger asthma.
Emotional stress can also trigger attacks.
Emotional stress can disrupt the menstrual cycle for months.
Emotional stress can lead to an asthma attack.
Emotional stress can lead to impotence just as it can lead to many forms of illness or exhaustion.
Emotional stress can make a back problem worse, contributing to muscle strains and muscle spasms.
Emotional stress can sometimes cause a temporary change in the heart sounds.
Emotional stress can worsen the movements, which usually vanish during sleep.
Emotional stress causes addictions.
Emotional stress comes from many situations.
Emotional stress depletes the body of certain elements that are critical to healthy brain activity.
Emotional stress depletes the nervous system, weakens emotional stability, and fatigues the body.
Emotional stress includes frustration, anxiety, anger, confusion and indecision.
Emotional stress increases physical stress, fatigue and depression.
Emotional stress increases the parasympathetic tone and provokes wheezing.
Emotional stress influences other parts of the health pyramid.
Emotional stress is a common cause of lack of desire, especially relationship conflicts.
Emotional stress is a very real component to muscle pain, as well.
Emotional stress is also a factor in self-lubrication.
Emotional stress is an important trigger for heart attacks.
Emotional stress is another cause.
Emotional stress is another important factor.
Emotional stress is another possible cause of absence of menstruation.
Emotional stress is believed to be a factor in a great many cases.
Emotional stress is known to aggravate chronic urticaria in some.
Emotional stress is known to decrease the body's ability to resist gum disease.
Emotional stress is often due to our lifestyle and also from pressure created from society.
Emotional stress is the leading trigger of tension headaches, particularly among chronic sufferers.
Emotional stress is very tiring, and can tax a person's reserves.
Emotional stress plays a part in reducing blood flow.
Emotional stress reported by inmates occurs usually in the incarceration.
Emotional stress seems to be a common trigger as well.
Emotional stress seems to take the greatest toll on everyone.
Emotional stress shows up as irritability, depression, and emotional instability.
Emotional stress triggers up to one-third of all asthmatic attacks.
Emotional stresses can have a direct effect on carbohydrate and fat metabolism.
Emotional support can also be enormously important.
Emotional support can help keep the process a positive one.
Emotional support can help people come through a suicidal crisis.
Emotional support can help reduce stress and the risk of depression and alcoholism .
Emotional support is a low-profile intervention.
Emotional support is also available from local women's advocacy groups and from women's shelters.
Emotional support is also important.
Emotional support is an important part of the care for patients undergoing any treatment for cancer.
Emotional support is as important as physical support during the first couple weeks.
Emotional support is imperative at every stage of recovery.
Emotional support is important for adjustment to the limitations of treatment.
Emotional support is important in coping with a chronic health problem.
Emotional support is one among many reasons to join such a group.
Emotional support is provided at the regular monthly meetings.
Emotional support is provided in religion.
Emotional support is the most important support that can be offered by family members.
Emotional support is very important for bereaved parents and siblings.
Emotional support is very important when dealing with early onset dementia.
Emotional support is very important.
Emotional suppression is a feature of police states.
Emotional symptoms can include prolonged sadness, suicidal thoughts and anxiety.
Emotional symptoms indicate spiritual problems or problems with the soul.
Some emotional symptoms associate with disorder.
Emotional taboo surrounds theme of sin in public consciousness.
Emotional talk is beside the point.
Emotional tears remain deeply mysterious.
Emotional tension can cause muscles to become tense and permanently foreshortened.
Emotional tension is the most common cause of headache among children.
Emotional testimonials are important.
Every emotional thought is heard and responded to by the universe.
Emotional ties are difficult to break.
Emotional ties happen very quickly so it is wise to make the right choice from the start.
Emotional tones are different in different homes.
Emotional torment is a good description of women suffering the aftereffects of abortion.
Emotional tour dates.
Emotional tranquillity brings clarity.
Emotional trauma does impair memory storage.
Emotional trauma is severe after a sexual assault.
Emotional trauma is stored in the body.
Every emotional trick is used to bind the two ever more closely together.
Emotional triggers lead to holiday depression.
Emotional troubles can and do negatively impact the motivation to achieve and contribute to society.
Emotional truth goes beyond the senses, engaging our hearts.
Emotional truth is a powerful gift.
Emotional truth provides little solid ground.
Emotional turmoil is another area of stress that can also be affected by therapeutic massage.
Emotional turmoil is employed solely for turmoil's sake.
Emotional upset appears to be the most common factor accounting for recurrent outbreaks.
Emotional upset appears to reduce the activity of compounds important to the healing process.
Emotional upset can also act as a trigger.
Emotional urges are important for doing certain tasks and for loving others.
Emotional Values Consider each of the following descriptions.
Emotional vitality reduces the risk for new disability and mortality in older disabled women.
Emotional wellness deals with how a person copes with feelings.
Emotional wellness includes the degree to which one feels positive about oneself and life.
Emotional wellness relates to the feeling person.
Emotional withdrawal is common among people in the service professions.
Emotional work forms a large part of the program.
Emotional work is time consuming.
Emotional wounds heal, and the task of raising children can serve as a focal point of cooperation.
Emotionalism is a trait
Emotionalism is just as much a danger as thinking without being in touch with one's feelings.
Emotionalism is never a problem either.
Emotionalism seems to have been lost in today's films.
Emotionality is a trait
Emotionality is defined by the nature of the articles subjects are assigned to read.
Emotionality is the by-product of hope and fear, attachment and aversion.
Emotionality is traits.
Emotionality refers to the way a baby responds to events with respect to behavior and feelings.
Emotionally things are on a much better keel.
Emotive imagery is appropriate for developing particular emotive sets.
Emotive language does put the reader in the text, but in a very negative way.
Emotive meaning can pass off value judgments to an audience without giving any supporting reasons.
Emotive patients are more likely to verbalize their expressions of pain.
Emotive speech raises the channel temperature.
Empathetic leadership is far more effective than being a threatening autocratic boss.
Empathetic listeners try to understand what the speaker means from the speaker's point of view.
Empathetic people are able to see things from another person's perspective.
Empathetic people charge less, but that's because they care more about people than about money.
Empathetic reactions are more or less automatic responses to other people.
Empathic comments are without judgment.
Empathic communication rearranges the nature of the opportunity.
Empathic mechanisms bring about emotional convergence between models and observers.
Empathic people feel genuine sympathy for people who are hurting.
Empathic testers immerse themselves in the product.
Emperor penguin chicks have distinctive plumages.
Emperor penguin chicks have heads.
Emperor penguin chicks have plumages.
An emperor penguin is a penguin
Emperor penguins adapt to habitats.
Emperor penguins are birds.
Emperor penguins are penguins.
Emperor penguins develop features.
Emperor penguins eat fish.
Emperor penguins eat krill and fish.
Emperor penguins feed on fish.
Emperor penguins have feathers.
Emperor penguins live only on the continent of Antarctica and the surrounding area.
Emperor penguins live together in large groups.
Emperor penguins look terribly dignified standing up.
Emperor penguins raise chicks.
Emperor penguins share their parental duties among themselves.
Emperor penguins spend most of their time in the water , coming to the shore to breed .
Emperor penguins spend most of their time in the water, coming to the shore to breed.
Emperor penguins weigh pounds.
Most emperor penguins develop features.
Most emperor penguins eat fish.
Most emperor penguins feed on fish.
Most emperor penguins have feathers.
Most emperor penguins raise chicks.
Most emperor penguins weigh pounds.
Some emperor penguins are the only birds that never set foot on land.
Some emperor penguins eat squids.
Some emperor penguins exhibit unique features.
Some emperor penguins have ability.
Some emperor penguins have chambers.
Some emperor penguins have distribution.
Some emperor penguins have nasal chambers.
Some emperor penguins have patches.
Some emperor penguins have positions.
Some emperor penguins have rubbery skin.
Some emperor penguins have skin.
Some emperor penguins have unique positions.
Some emperor penguins reach ages.
Emperor scorpions are born defenseless and rely heavily on their mother for food and protection.
Emperor scorpions are collected for the pet trade and for scientific study.
Emperor scorpions are eaten by many animals including birds , bats , mammals , and spiders .
Emperor scorpions are popular in the pet trade, as they are timid and their venom is mild.
Emperor scorpions conduct elaborate mating rituals.
Emperor scorpions feed on insects.
Emperor scorpions fluoresce under UV light.
Emperor scorpions have cheliceras.
Emperor scorpions have venom.
Emperor scorpions help control insect populations in desert habitats.
Emperor scorpions rely on prey.
Most emperor scorpions feed on insects.
Most emperor scorpions have cheliceras.
Most emperor scorpions have venom.
Most emperor scorpions rely on prey.
Emperor tamarins are active by day and are very graceful, friendly, and playful monkeys.
Emperor tamarins behave actively, rapidly, gracefully, friendly, and playful in the wild.
Emperor tamarins have claws.
Emperor tamarins have fingers.
Emperor tamarins have sharp claws.
Emperor tamarins have thumbs.
Emperor tamarins inhabit rainforests.
Emperor tamarins inhabit territory.
Most emperor tamarins have claws.
Most emperor tamarins have fingers.
Most emperor tamarins have sharp claws.
Most emperor tamarins have thumbs.
Most emperor tamarins inhabit territory.
An emperor is a sovereign
Emperor calls for efforts toward 'real peace'.
Emperor isa moth.
Emperor penguins live on the Antarctic ice.
Emperor penguins live on the barren coasts of Antarctica, where they breed.
Emperor penguins only hunt during daylight hours.
Emperors also dig under rocks, logs or tree roots.
Emperors are authoritative.
Emperors are glossy black, but can be dark brown to green.
Emperors are insects.
Emperors are listed in 'bold'.
Emperors are monarchs.
Emperors are sovereigns.
Emperors are the biggest penguins.
Emperors are the largest of all penguin species.
Emperors are the largest penguins in the world.
Emperors are the largest penguins.
Emperors are the only birds that never set foot on dry land.
Emperors are the traditional grape for the holiday season.
Emperors assemble at the breeding colonies early in winter, shortly after the sea ice has formed.
Emperors become figureheads.
Emperors breed in Siberia and Alaska and winter in the Aleutian Islands.
Emperors clump together in huge, huddled masses.
Emperors eat food.
Emperors feed on fish, squid, and krill.
Emperors get perfection.
Emperors have (part) air sacs.
Emperors have (part) brains.
Emperors have (part) carapaces.
Emperors have (part) cell membranes.
Emperors have (part) cells.
Emperors have (part) corpi.
Emperors have (part) cytoplasm.
Emperors have (part) ears.
Emperors have (part) faces.
Emperors have (part) flight feathers.
Emperors have (part) heads.
Emperors have (part) nuclei.
Emperors have (part) plasma membranes.
Emperors have (part) quill feathers.
Emperors have (part) sections.
Emperors have (part) shells.
Emperors have (part) skulls.
Emperors have (part) thoraxes.
Emperors have (part) vacuoles.
Emperors have a peculiar breeding cycle.
Emperors have a strong desire to brood.
Emperors have large harems.
Emperors is an outstanding game.
Emperors live in the coldest climate on earth .
Emperors live in the coldest climate on earth.
Emperors look identical, yet partners always find each other and mate for life.
Emperors Lose their Clothes.
Emperors reach maturity.
Emperors reach sexual maturity.
Emperors rely on sound to pick out their chicks.
Emperors spend the winter on fast ice just off the continent's shore.
Emperors take daily meals.
Emperors take meals.
Emperors therefore empower Kings.
Emperors utilize tree sap that is left on trees from the previous tapping of other animals.
Most emperors eat food.
Most emperors reach maturity.
Most emperors reach sexual maturity.
Most emperors take daily meals.
Most emperors take meals.
Some emperor tamarins hunt animals.
Some emperor tamarins hunt other animals.
Some emperors eat fish.
Some emperors have asparagus.
Some emperors look for mates.
Emphases alternate annually between civil and criminal cases.
Emphases are available in interpersonal relationships and human development.
Emphases are available in pastoral studies, missions, and religious education.
Emphases are available in remote sensing sciences or spatial analysis.
Emphases are available in school counseling, higher education, and community counseling.
Emphases are available in voice, piano, harpsichord, and guitar.
Emphases are in sampling strategies and methods, ventilation, and acoustics and noise control.
Emphases are on computer hardware components, acquisition, integration and management.
Emphases are on dispersed use, of trails or boat-routes.
Emphases are on essential diagnostics and planning for community health problem solving.
Emphases are on lecture comprehension, note-taking, and library research skills.
Emphases are on monologue and scene study.
Emphases are on monologue preparation and performance.
Emphases are on reinforcing reading, speaking, and writing skills.
Emphases are on sampling, inspection techniques, construction and interpretation of control charts.
Emphases are on self-learning, group discussions, and teaching one another.
Emphases are on therapy garden design and horticultural therapy program development.
Emphases are upon behavioral and environmental situations that influence physiological functioning.
Emphases differ from year to year.
Emphases is on compelling works of art, ready for display.
Emphases is on incremental and continuous improvements to improve existing companies.
Emphases is placed on both individual and team growth.
Emphases is placed on the research strategies and conceptual achievements of the various approaches.
Emphases vary depending on the interests and needs of the students.
Emphases vary from year to year to suit the needs of students.
Emphasis also includes critiquing research studies and applying research to practice.
Emphasis also is given to appropriate sample collection, handling and submission.
Emphasis also is given to foreign policy and natural security implications.
Emphasis also is on presentation and basic cake decoration.
Emphasis also is placed on literary analysis, grammar, and rhetoric.
Emphasis also is placed on studies of adaptations, particularly to low temperatures.
Emphasis also is placed on the articulation of genetic methods with evolutionary theory.
Emphasis also is placed on the importance of preventive and developmental aspects of child care.
Emphasis also is placed on the troubleshooting of commercial arc welding equipment.
Emphasis also is put on training in agricultural development and international trade.
Emphasis also lies on defining the overall project structure and a first risk assessment.
Emphasis also needs to be placed on the idea of developing linkages.
Emphasis also varies.
Emphasis are on materials and processes involved in finishing the interior.
Emphasis Begin a new paragraph in order to emphasize an important idea or statement.
Emphasis begins with placement and includes extensive intervention and mentoring.
Emphasis can be either upon practical or academic experience.
Emphasis can be in italic or bold .
Emphasis can be on acquisition of content knowledge or on the development of research skills.
Emphasis can be on combat, winning treasure, acting out characters, or solving puzzles.
Emphasis can vary.
Emphasis causes an object or area to stand out or become a focal point.
Emphasis changes from semester to semester.
Emphasis changes from year to year and is announced each year well in advance of registration.
Emphasis changes from year to year.
Emphasis combines intensive studies in art history with substantial studio work.
Emphasis comes now to the public network, and away from the desktop.
Emphasis continues on controlled notes and superior quality transcription of unpreviewed dictation.
Emphasis continues on development and practice of conversation skills, and vocabulary building.
Emphasis continues on research by faculty and advanced students.
Emphasis continues on the comprehension, speaking, reading and writing aspects.
Emphasis continues on the evaluation and diagnosis of surgical disease, with a generalist approach.
Emphasis continues on the four basic skills of hearing, speaking, reading and writing.
Emphasis continues on U.S. and European regulatory approvals of new diagnostic products and tests.
Emphasis continues to be on composition and grammar.
Emphasis continues to be on speaking and listening.
Emphasis continues to be placed on communication.
Emphasis continues to be placed on providing valuable programs and services to members.
Emphasis continues to be placed on vocabulary, conversation, grammar, and cultural awareness.
Emphasis deals primarily with family relationships, interpersonal interaction and systems theory.
Emphasis differs across different placements.
Emphasis differs with instructor and section.
Emphasis encompasses both reality and theory.
Emphasis falls equally on the craft of writing and the investigation of ideas.
Emphasis falls on banking and investment matters.
Emphasis falls on developing critical positions.
Emphasis falls on seminars, although lectures are provided by way of general background.
Emphasis focuses on parent responsibilities and family reunification.
Emphasis Focusing attention on one area of an artwork makes it dominant.
Emphasis Handle a variety of telephone calls with tact, diplomacy and discretion.
Emphasis has to be placed on keeping the patient as comfortable and calm as possible.
Emphasis has to be put on the training of local therapists.
Emphasis here is also on personal contact for the top tier of prospects.
Emphasis here is focused on addressing such movements within national and international contexts.
Emphasis here is inevitably on rejection rather than acceptance.
Emphasis here is on a rigorous mathematical approach to the problem.
Emphasis here is on biological diversity.
Emphasis here is on black- box testing.
Emphasis here is on both ecology and organismal biology of marine organisms.
Emphasis here is on both organismal biology and ecology of marine organisms.
Emphasis here is on conversation skills.
Emphasis here is on detail related to data and numbers.
Emphasis here is on equality and conformity .
Emphasis here is on fitness, group participation, and having a good time.
Emphasis here is on hardware and software, rehabilitation and training.
Emphasis here is on meals.
Emphasis here is on news more than software.
Emphasis here is on purebreds though there are general articles on care.
Emphasis here is on science and engineering.
Emphasis here is on the removal and installation of adhesively bonded stationary glass.
Emphasis here is on the word early.
Emphasis here is on the word 'range'.
Emphasis includes a culturally pluralistic approach.
Emphasis includes accounting techniques for sole proprietorships, corporations and partnerships.
Emphasis includes both the creative and technical aspects.
Emphasis includes both the oral and written language.
Emphasis includes building materials and practices, codes and working drawings.
Emphasis includes business, statistics, and price analysis.
Emphasis includes Cisco router setup, configuration, protocols, management and troubleshooting.
Emphasis includes classroom preparation, teaching, and student evaluation.
Emphasis includes complex litigation, sophisticated business and real estate transactional.
Emphasis includes computer aided data reduction, modeling of a system and report writing.
Emphasis includes coursework in behavioral and electrophysiological measurements of brain function.
Emphasis includes creating, formatting, revising, printing, merging, and creating queries.
Emphasis includes critical reading and comprehension, vocabulary, study strategies, and test-taking.
Emphasis includes current therapies and special procedures.
Emphasis includes developmental experiences in working with external organizations.
Emphasis includes electricity, magnetism, optics, atomic structure, and nuclear physics.
Emphasis includes examination of the worldviews of peoples and the areas where they live.
Emphasis includes exposure to decision-making and resolving conflicts in groups.
Emphasis includes hardware and networking concepts.
Emphasis includes impact on human society.
Emphasis includes match play, drill work, tactics, and strategy for singles and doubles play.
Emphasis includes possible solutions and policy to deal with an economic problem.
Emphasis includes possible solutions and policy to deal with economic problems.
Emphasis includes present-day processes as well as the evolution of landforms over geologic time.
Emphasis includes repetition and understanding of technique application.
Emphasis includes speaking, listening, reading, and writing.
Emphasis includes young children with and without disabilities.
Emphasis Indicate the text is important.
Emphasis indicates a surplus new pump.
Emphasis is a high level of performance.
Emphasis is a type of audio shaping a noise filter.
Emphasis is achieved by an equally liberal use of all caps.
Emphasis is achieved by the interruptive dashes.
Emphasis is added to some quotations to draw attention to key points.
Emphasis is added, where appropriate, to the citation.
Emphasis is also in developing team-building skills and efficient communication.
Emphasis is also on application of grammar in writing and speaking.
Emphasis is also on computer processing techniques used in coordination with imaging procedures.
Emphasis is also on construction of budgets and the estimation of costs of resources and services.
Emphasis is also on immediate, short, and long-term rehabilitation goals.
Emphasis is also on learning, sportsmanship, and fun.
Emphasis is also on punctuation, grammar, and the use of numbers.
Emphasis is also on radiation protection procedures and methods of monitoring radiation exposure.
Emphasis is also on reinforcement and enrichment of vocabulary used in a cultural context.
Emphasis is also on striking the arc and motions to be used in running the bead.
Emphasis is also on the history and evolution of education of the hearing-impaired.
Emphasis is also on the importance of the Verbal environment , and our non-verbal communication.
Emphasis is always on capturing light and color.
Emphasis is always on new, unusual, and rare plants.
Emphasis is always on practical application rather than abstract concepts.
Emphasis is always on practical applications rather than abstract concepts.
Emphasis is always on practice more than theory.
Emphasis is always on technique and staying streamlined as preparation for open water events.
Emphasis is always on the least toxic approach to control.
Emphasis is always relative.
Emphasis is always upon the power of words and their best use.
Emphasis is always upon vertical aspirations unhampered by ordinary relationships with one another.
Emphasis is an important tool in creating bias.
Emphasis is animal health products.
Emphasis is announced in term schedule of courses.
Emphasis is applied to air sampling techniques and methods, and industrial hygiene sampling.
Emphasis is applied to the industrial environment and occupationally exposed persons.
Emphasis is as far as possible, on independence - on taking control of their lives.
Emphasis is as much on employers as it is on people doing job searches.
Emphasis is aslo given to the theories of democracy and government.
Emphasis is at the builder or user level rather than at the toolsmith level.
Emphasis is at the sub-system and higher levels.
Emphasis is author's.
Emphasis is balanced between philosophical content and the cultivation of philosophical thinking.
Emphasis is balanced between the design and technical elements of web page design and production.
Emphasis is based on conceptual as well as formal development.
Emphasis is based on developing a positive awareness of self.
Emphasis is based on faith as recovery tool.
Emphasis is based on problem solving.
Emphasis is based on problem-solving.
Emphasis is based on the functional use of the language.
Emphasis is based upon mastery of basic operations and the importance of accuracy in computation.
Emphasis is basic communication skills in the language.
Emphasis is biological.
Emphasis is both at a company macro level and a project operational level.
Emphasis is both on cognitive understanding and experiential learning.
Emphasis is both on individual and interactive learning processes.
Emphasis is both on the form and the content of written and oral assignments.
Emphasis is both textual and historical.
Emphasis is built into a poem's structure.
Emphasis is business correspondence to include cross-cultural and international communications.
Emphasis is calculus-based, but with a focus on experiential learning.
Emphasis is centered around instruction in junior high and high school.
Emphasis is centered on the operating budget and performance based budgeting.
Emphasis is centered on the student's ability to work independently and as group members.
Emphasis is chiefly on materials published in the United States or Europe.
Emphasis is comparative and international.
Emphasis is completely on practical self defense.
Emphasis is conceptual rather than operational.
Emphasis is coninion-serise bicycling skills and driving safety concepts.
Emphasis is created by visual contrast, used judiciously.
Emphasis is curently on educational presentations.
Emphasis is curriculum development, and methods and materials involved in teaching.
Emphasis is definitely on the late sixties and the early seventies.
Emphasis is descriptive rather than mathematical.
Emphasis is devoted to providing communication services to the campus community.
Emphasis is directed at evaluation, management, and measurement of success.
Emphasis is directed to developing comprehensive analysis and decision-making skills.
Emphasis is directed to population policies in e.g., Africa, India and China.
Emphasis is directed to the analysis of the vehicle's systems during operation.
Emphasis is directed toward a deeper understanding of the relevance of science to modern society.
Emphasis is directed toward executive development.
Emphasis is directed toward osteology, radiographic anatomy.
Emphasis is directed toward player development, teamwork, fun, and sportsmanship.
Emphasis is directed toward the coordination of the program with the goals of the organization.
Emphasis is directed towards apples, peaches, pears, blueberries, grapes and raspberries.
Emphasis is directed towards how stress affects resistance to infection.
Emphasis is divided between descriptive and quantitative aspects.
Emphasis is divided equally between composition and conversation.
Emphasis is equally divided among music pedagogy, perfomance, and historical and theoretical study.
Emphasis is equally on mastering mathematical principles and developing problem-solving abilities.
Emphasis is especially on conversation with concrete situations is daily life.
Emphasis is evenly divided among speaking, writing, reading, and aural comprehension.
Emphasis is evenly divided between speaking, writing, reading and aural comprehension.
Emphasis is experimental poetry and fiction.
Emphasis is family financial planning for minimization of taxes paid by the family unit.
Emphasis is fast, tight, controlled turns.
Emphasis is focused on a comprehensive approach to health program planning models.
Emphasis is focused on administrative tasks, roles, and functions of educational leaders in schools.
Emphasis is focused on both the design and analysis aspects of planned experimentation.
Emphasis is focused on communication, strategic thinking, and teamwork.
Emphasis is focused on creativity.
Emphasis is focused on development of the budget and fiscal leadership strategies.
Emphasis is focused on enhancement of productivity and shortened time lines.
Emphasis is focused on increasing cardiovascular efficiency, muscular strength, and endurance.
Emphasis is focused on reading and mathematics skills throughout the elementary school.
Emphasis is focused on student accountability.
Emphasis is focused on the development of nursing knowledge.
Emphasis is focused on the impact of the natural world on humans.
Emphasis is focused primarily on laboratory research, where students work closely with faculty.
Emphasis is for faculty and PhD research.
Emphasis is from pilot's perspective, but applicable throughout aviation operations.
Emphasis is generally on historical and analytical treatments.
Emphasis is generally on interoperability, scalability, dependability and usability.
Emphasis is generally on the text, rather than on the edition.
Emphasis is geographical, historical and geological.
Emphasis is give to correct pronunciation and fluent speech.
Emphasis is given also to reaching tribal people with scriptures and teaching.
Emphasis is given at all levels of the program to algorithm design and analysis.
Emphasis is given here to the speed of transition cold turkey vs. more gradual approaches.
Emphasis is given in doing mathematics rather than memory work.
Emphasis is given in the course to the literature, history, music and architecture of the region.
Emphasis is given in the course to the literature, history, music, and architecture of the region.
Emphasis is given in the design and development of electronic systems.
Emphasis is given in the development of computationally efficient systems, implemented in real time.
Emphasis is given in treatment procedures and compounds resulting in increased corrosion resistance.
Emphasis is given on factual and statistical information.
Emphasis is given on technical issues like design, installation and configuration.
Emphasis is given on the ring thickness and the small inner objects.
Emphasis is given on various solution techniques.
Emphasis is given on verbal as well as non verbal communication .
Emphasis is given primarily to national data.
Emphasis is given throughout to judicial decisions that can be called in aid by advocates.
Emphasis is given to a basic understanding of the unified estate and gift tax system.
Emphasis is given to a special problem area chosen by the student in agreement with the teachers.
Emphasis is given to academic methodology and original research.
Emphasis is given to accompanied works.
Emphasis is given to accurate, analytical writing of legal terms and forms.
Emphasis is given to acquisition of vocabulary in context.
Emphasis is given to activities oriented towards either recruitment or retention.
Emphasis is given to administrative and treatment concerns in corrections.
Emphasis is given to advanced language study, composition, and oral proficiency.
Emphasis is given to affordability and quality for the student.
Emphasis is given to agricultural health, genetic materials and technology transfer systems.
Emphasis is given to agricultural land and improvements.
Emphasis is given to allegorical interpretation of sacred writings and doctrines.
Emphasis is given to alternative solutions influencing business policy decisions.
Emphasis is given to aluminum, stainless steel, high alloy steels and cast iron.
Emphasis is given to American library and book history.
Emphasis is given to an examination of the relationship between risk and return.
Emphasis is given to analysis of an existing system and design of a new system.
Emphasis is given to analysis of biological and medical data.
Emphasis is given to analysis of the algorithms' time and space complexity.
Emphasis is given to analysis presentation and research study.
Emphasis is given to analysis.
Emphasis is given to analytic functions, differentiation, integration, series expansions.
Emphasis is given to analytical calculations.
Emphasis is given to anatomy and physiology, ecology, animal behavior, and genetics.
Emphasis is given to application of theory to simulated situations.
Emphasis is given to applications from the biological and social sciences.
Emphasis is given to applied environmental chemistry.
Emphasis is given to areas of practical law as it applies to the individual.
Emphasis is given to areas such as central business districts, hospitals, and shopping centers.
Emphasis is given to art education foundations, modes of inquiry, and research applications.
Emphasis is given to art produced in Florence, Rome, and Venice.
Emphasis is given to art, music, religion, and literature as well as political and economic events.
Emphasis is given to asset and market allocation and fund manager selection.
Emphasis is given to attending live musical performances.
Emphasis is given to attending live performances.
Emphasis is given to basic alignment of the standing poses.
Emphasis is given to basic grammatical structures and to oral communication in everyday situations.
Emphasis is given to basic needs of human beings and the nursing process.
Emphasis is given to basic singing techniques and music theory.
Emphasis is given to basic strategies that can be applied to various resources.
Emphasis is given to basic theory of matrices.
Emphasis is given to basic training on the use of ion implantation and nuclear reactors.
Emphasis is given to basics such as letter recognition, letter sounds, beginning writing skills.
Emphasis is given to body maintenance response to external and internal stress.
Emphasis is given to books and manuscripts.
Emphasis is given to both classroom and distance instructional methods.
Emphasis is given to both conceptual and empirical questions.
Emphasis is given to both the development and implementation of public policy.
Emphasis is given to both the principles and practices of teaching and speaking to youth.
Emphasis is given to both topics and study skills leading to improved grades and skills.
Emphasis is given to business application.
Emphasis is given to business applications.
Emphasis is given to business use of applications.
Emphasis is given to cable, community and educational television production.
Emphasis is given to captioning, scene drawing and story telling.
Emphasis is given to case histories and interpretation.
Emphasis is given to chiropractic approaches to the evaluation and care of children.
Emphasis is given to chronic health problems and the older adult.
Emphasis is given to civil liberties, equal rights, and rights of the accused.
Emphasis is given to classroom applications of proficiency guidelines.
Emphasis is given to clear and logical development of ideas.
Emphasis is given to clients in the rural community.
Emphasis is given to clinical research and recent developments.
Emphasis is given to clinical services, research and training of residents and fellows.
Emphasis is given to close reading of texts and critical evaluation of their main ideas.
Emphasis is given to commentary, financial news and classified advertisements.
Emphasis is given to communication and analytical skills.
Emphasis is given to communication skills, critical thinking, and teamwork.
Emphasis is given to comparative anatomy, development, ecology, behaviour and evolution of insects.
Emphasis is given to complementing theoretical understanding with clinical technique.
Emphasis is given to comprehension and speaking.
Emphasis is given to computer applications.
Emphasis is given to computer program analysis and design and to using graphical user interfaces.
Emphasis is given to concepts, practice, research and communication of tax issues.
Emphasis is given to concurrent problems of monetary policy and control.
Emphasis is given to conducting individualized functional vision assessments.
Emphasis is given to connecting the attributes of the Empire to other disciplines.
Emphasis is given to construction and use of farm models in project evaluation.
Emphasis is given to consumer objectives, demonstration strategies, and closing techniques.
Emphasis is given to contemporary experimental approaches to selected neuronal systems.
Emphasis is given to contemporary issues confronting American courts.
Emphasis is given to contemporary trends affecting the financial services industry.
Emphasis is given to continuity, differentiation, integration and series expansions.
Emphasis is given to continuity, differentiation, integration, series expansions.
Emphasis is given to contrasting classical with connectionist explanations.
Emphasis is given to correct pronunciation and fluent speech.
Emphasis is given to correctness issues and termination detection.
Emphasis is given to cost-effective approaches to patient care.
Emphasis is given to creative experiences as they impact on the development of young children.
Emphasis is given to critical examination of the literature of educational research.
Emphasis is given to critical thinking and to maximizing all available educational resources.
Emphasis is given to critical thinking, business analyses and computer modeling.
Emphasis is given to crop and native plants.
Emphasis is given to cuisine and dining styles as causes and reflectors of social change.
Emphasis is given to current experimental approaches and research design.
Emphasis is given to data compilation for machine presentation of cartographic information.
Emphasis is given to data integration and modeling, visualization, and web interface.
Emphasis is given to data sets with an Australasian context.
Emphasis is given to decision-making, social policy, and service related issues of health care.
Emphasis is given to decision-making, social policy, and service related to issues of health care.
Emphasis is given to deductive reasoning in proofs and an understanding of the basic concepts.
Emphasis is given to design decisions as they apply to performance and complexity.
Emphasis is given to design, evaluation and implementation.
Emphasis is given to designing culturally and socially sensitive counseling interventions.
Emphasis is given to designing modular re-usable software libraries.
Emphasis is given to developing an overall approach to style work.
Emphasis is given to developing college-level reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is given to developing countries.
Emphasis is given to developing detailed procedures in various areas of management.
Emphasis is given to developing oral proficiency in Spanish.
Emphasis is given to developing prediction strategies.
Emphasis is given to developing rudimentary oral proficiency in Spanish.
Emphasis is given to developing the convincing illusion of form.
Emphasis is given to development of large, complex software systems.
Emphasis is given to diagnosis and repair of minor collision related items.
Emphasis is given to digital technology which is among the fastest growing fields.
Emphasis is given to disproportionate representation of minorities in the criminal justice system.
Emphasis is given to drafting and model construction.
Emphasis is given to drugs and drug actions which can affect dental treatment.
Emphasis is given to earthquake and fire preparedness in curriculum plans are discussed.
Emphasis is given to economic decisions in current events and to problem-solving strategies.
Emphasis is given to economic, nutritional, and management factors involved.
Emphasis is given to educating patients about depression, schizophrenia and bipolar disorders.
Emphasis is given to education of the public about the serious animal over-population.
Emphasis is given to education, including children and other beginners.
Emphasis is given to effective practices related to teaching reading.
Emphasis is given to emerging technologies and the implications of their effect on the environment.
Emphasis is given to empowering students to strive to meet their potential.
Emphasis is given to energy use and flow, population interactions, and community structure.
Emphasis is given to enhancing access to and continuing the assessment of library resources.
Emphasis is given to ensemble work and all levels of experience are accommodated.
Emphasis is given to equations of the first order, linear equations, and solution by series.
Emphasis is given to equations of the first order, linear operations, and solution by series.
Emphasis is given to evaluation of interventions in marketing systems to speed economic development.
Emphasis is given to events of public record.
Emphasis is given to examples that are substructures of the real numbers.
Emphasis is given to extensive writing practice.
Emphasis is given to family oriented projects.
Emphasis is given to fan and jet noise reduction for both subsonic and supersonic applications.
Emphasis is given to financial institutions and markets.
Emphasis is given to findings of the behavioral sciences as related to management problems.
Emphasis is given to fine-tuning basic competencies learned in previous courses.
Emphasis is given to Florida problems concerning counties, cities, and special districts.
Emphasis is given to focusing on client empowerment and strengths rather than pathologies.
Emphasis is given to food commodities of major dietary importance.
Emphasis is given to formulation and implementation of strategy.
Emphasis is given to fundamental changes in economic systems that are currently under way.
Emphasis is given to gain a comprehensive understanding of the cutting mechanism.
Emphasis is given to gang and drug activity.
Emphasis is given to grammar and usage within composition.
Emphasis is given to grammar and usage within the composition.
Emphasis is given to grouping techniques, individualized plans, and whole class instruction.
Emphasis is given to groups, rings, and fields.
Emphasis is given to handbuilding methods, such as pinch, coil, slab and sculptural construction.
Emphasis is given to hands-on work in the lab.
Emphasis is given to hardware, concepts, and business uses of applications.
Emphasis is given to health appraisals and scientific bases for a healthful environment.
Emphasis is given to hearing screening requirements for testing young children.
Emphasis is given to help churches organize programs of personal and mass evangelism.
Emphasis is given to help youth understand the importance of food and fiber in our society.
Emphasis is given to helping the student avoid data misuse.
Emphasis is given to high burn-up in water reactors under normal operating conditions.
Emphasis is given to high technology, the food processing industry, and sports.
Emphasis is given to historically significant and currently popular drugs of abuse.
Emphasis is given to holistic wellness, nutritional guidance and safety.
Emphasis is given to holograms that are used in a filtering system with a large input format.
Emphasis is given to how the corn planter seed meters work and how the attachments operate.
Emphasis is given to human behavior in a spatial context.
Emphasis is given to human services which benefit low income and vulnerable persons.
Emphasis is given to humanitarian patient care.
Emphasis is given to hypothesis testing and graphical determination of confidence intervals.
Emphasis is given to identification topics that have the most impact in practice.
Emphasis is given to identifying birds of eastern North America.
Emphasis is given to identifying changing trends and training staff on the latest products.
Emphasis is given to identifying the uniqueness of the American experience.
Emphasis is given to implications of patient safety, patient diversity, and patient teaching.
Emphasis is given to improving pronunciation and intonation skills.
Emphasis is given to independent study and critical thinking skills.
Emphasis is given to in-depth examinations of theo logical problems and positions.
Emphasis is given to in-depth examinations of theological problems and positions.
Emphasis is given to indigenous models and the cultural context of practices surrounding khat.
Emphasis is given to individual case management.
Emphasis is given to individual expression and expanding one's perception and personal vision.
Emphasis is given to industrial emergency response situations.
Emphasis is given to information distributed through emerging technology.
Emphasis is given to innovative teaching and creative learning projects.
Emphasis is given to instructional design principles as it relates to computer education.
Emphasis is given to instructional design principles as they relate to computer education.
Emphasis is given to intensive field experiences in a variety of educational settings.
Emphasis is given to interdisciplinary approach to managerial decision making.
Emphasis is given to international writers.
Emphasis is given to Internet ideas, class materials, plans and tools.
Emphasis is given to interventions with women and children.
Emphasis is given to lab safety.
Emphasis is given to learning and developing vocal skills in preparation for voice interpretation.
Emphasis is given to learning practical applications.
Emphasis is given to learning skills for planning and leading effectively in worship.
Emphasis is given to learning, classroom atmosphere, and the process of evaluation.
Emphasis is given to lectio divina , the ancient, Benedictine practice of prayer-filled reading.
Emphasis is given to legal research and writing.
Emphasis is given to leisure perceptions, activities, and problems of the older adult.
Emphasis is given to life science and medical applications of physics.
Emphasis is given to linear programming and simulation.
Emphasis is given to listening, writing and speaking skills.
Emphasis is given to low-cost methods that can be successfully applied in developing countries.
Emphasis is given to maintaining the integrity and security of customer data.
Emphasis is given to major federal statutes that affect compensation design and practice.
Emphasis is given to management of sports and recreation programs.
Emphasis is given to management within multinational corporations.
Emphasis is given to managerial strategies which enhance organizational effectiveness.
Emphasis is given to managing distribution, managing the budget and managing creativity.
Emphasis is given to many of the individual art objects recovered.
Emphasis is given to mastering composition skills and completing outside reading assignments.
Emphasis is given to material with all aspects of the pipe organ.
Emphasis is given to maximum application of multiple-use stategies.
Emphasis is given to measures aimed to prevent the development of handicaps.
Emphasis is given to medical malpractice.
Emphasis is given to medical, dental, and allied health career specialties.
Emphasis is given to medicine, tourism, sports, and business.
Emphasis is given to meeting the needs of Spanish-speaking callers.
Emphasis is given to metal and fiberglass repair techniques.
Emphasis is given to methods of evaluation research.
Emphasis is given to methods of teaching and characteristics of good Bible teachers.
Emphasis is given to modeling techniques and element types.
Emphasis is given to modification of the total environment by the oceans and adjacent water.
Emphasis is given to motivational factors to help reduce barriers to changing health behaviors.
Emphasis is given to multiple camera techniques for both studio and location productions.
Emphasis is given to multi-use spaces, building systems and codes.
Emphasis is given to multivariate and nonlinear methods applied to high-frequency financial data.
Emphasis is given to music reading, piano technique, and musicianship.
Emphasis is given to musical lyrics and folklore as literature in the oral tradition.
Emphasis is given to national advertising with some reference to retail advertising.
Emphasis is given to neuroanatomy, neurophysiology and brain-behavior relationships.
Emphasis is given to numerical modeling of various types of stars.
Emphasis is given to nutritional needs of a teen especially during and after pregnancy.
Emphasis is given to object-oriented data model.
Emphasis is given to oral and written communication, grammar, and culture.
Emphasis is given to oral communication in everyday situations.
Emphasis is given to organization at the subcellular, cellular, and organ levels.
Emphasis is given to painting from the observed subject.
Emphasis is given to painting in the historical context.
Emphasis is given to paleontological information at the stops.
Emphasis is given to part-writing simple melodies.
Emphasis is given to pathogenesis and the morphologic changes that occur.
Emphasis is given to patient education.
Emphasis is given to performing short sketches that impart Christian values.
Emphasis is given to personal development, career exploration and employability.
Emphasis is given to personal style and expression, content and mastery of the media.
Emphasis is given to photojournalism.
Emphasis is given to placing students in research laboratories in the first semester.
Emphasis is given to planning and preparation of the organization before the campaign starts.
Emphasis is given to planning day care programs and facilities for infants and toddlers.
Emphasis is given to plant and animal groups that students are able to observe in the field.
Emphasis is given to plants native to the Pacific Northwest.
Emphasis is given to population distribution, economic activities, and culture patterns of man.
Emphasis is given to population ecology, behavioral ecology, and conservation biology of birds.
Emphasis is given to practical application and skills.
Emphasis is given to practical aspects of consumer and family economics.
Emphasis is given to practical experience as well as advanced rhetorical theory.
Emphasis is given to practical experiences in injury prevention and care.
Emphasis is given to practical instruction at the bedside and in the operating room.
Emphasis is given to practical solutions.
Emphasis is given to practical training in the examination and treatment of works of art.
Emphasis is given to practice evaluation.
Emphasis is given to practicing skills on flat water.
Emphasis is given to preaching from epistle literature.
Emphasis is given to preparing and writing legal memoranda.
Emphasis is given to preparing individuals for central office positions.
Emphasis is given to principles of artificial insemination in the laboratory.
Emphasis is given to problem identification, analysis, and solution.
Emphasis is given to problem issues prevalent in metropolitan settings.
Emphasis is given to problem recognition, definition, and solution.
Emphasis is given to problem solving and a theoretical treatment of the data structures.
Emphasis is given to problem solving and graphing.
Emphasis is given to program analysis and design and using graphical user interfaces.
Emphasis is given to programs of accident prevention in school, home, recreation and traffic.
Emphasis is given to project management information systems.
Emphasis is given to pronouns and the way they are used as arguments of a predicate.
Emphasis is given to pronunciation and intonation pattern development.
Emphasis is given to proper application and interpretation of statistical methods and results.
Emphasis is given to providing a quality anesthestic with an appropriately quick discharge time.
Emphasis is given to pulmonary physiology.
Emphasis is given to quantitative models and algorithms used in novel applications.
Emphasis is given to ratio, proportion, percents, and their uses.
Emphasis is given to raw agricultural produce with highest potential for residue accumulation.
Emphasis is given to reactions and synthesis of aliphatic and aromatic molecules.
Emphasis is given to reading theory and practical teaching suggestions for use in the content areas.
Emphasis is given to reading unseen passages in the original.
Emphasis is given to real and complex number systems.
Emphasis is given to recent literature descriptions of cutting edge research.
Emphasis is given to recent research dealing with the impact of the media on public opinion.
Emphasis is given to recognition and study of pathological conditions of structures of oral cavity.
Emphasis is given to recreational use and water safety.
Emphasis is given to reforestation, ecosystem restoration, and outdoor recreation.
Emphasis is given to relating economic theory to current economic events.
Emphasis is given to relations with Haiti and North America.
Emphasis is given to relevant Canadian materials.
Emphasis is given to representing businesses that advertise on radio and television.
Emphasis is given to research methods and to fieldwork.
Emphasis is given to research utilization in practice.
Emphasis is given to respecting others.
Emphasis is given to results that have direct applications to computational multiagent systems.
Emphasis is given to results that have direct applications to computational multi-agent systems.
Emphasis is given to rhetorical principles or argumentation, both theory and practice.
Emphasis is given to rural health care and Appalachian culture.
Emphasis is given to rural-urban migration, adaption to urban life and to the poor.
Emphasis is given to safety, both on the found and in the air.
Emphasis is given to safety, both on the ground and in the air.
Emphasis is given to satisfactory performance of assigned duties.
Emphasis is given to secondary data and secondary data processing.
Emphasis is given to security and replication.
Emphasis is given to self-improvement involving basic speech fundamentals.
Emphasis is given to sharing best practices among rural practitioners.
Emphasis is given to shortwave radiation components.
Emphasis is given to sialyl-containing antiviral drugs.
Emphasis is given to sketching, drafting, rendering, and model-building.
Emphasis is given to skill development, camaraderie, sportsmanship, and personal development.
Emphasis is given to skill-building and developing a digital aesthetic.
Emphasis is given to small group communication, informal written and oral presentations.
Emphasis is given to small retail business.
Emphasis is given to social and cultural inputs to and consequences of development programmes.
Emphasis is given to social service delivery in the current context of restructuring.
Emphasis is given to soil compaction by heavy military equipment.
Emphasis is given to solution of production problems with the aid of the computer.
Emphasis is given to sources of stress in the workplace and the management of organizational stress.
Emphasis is given to South Carolina.
Emphasis is given to spatial analysis and problem solving rather than to building data bases.
Emphasis is given to specific disease conditions and current trends in prevention.
Emphasis is given to spirituality, community-building, and fun.
Emphasis is given to standing up, sitting down, bowing, or participating in some other ritual.
Emphasis is given to statistical signal processing with applications.
Emphasis is given to store organization and career positions in retailing.
Emphasis is given to student choice.
Emphasis is given to student-centered instruction.
Emphasis is given to students developing a broad knowledge of the Mexican American experience.
Emphasis is given to students with sensory, cognitive, physical, and social disabilities.
Emphasis is given to studies of adults.
Emphasis is given to subjects that are available on the Internet.
Emphasis is given to substantive aspects of criminal law through case study.
Emphasis is given to such fundamentals as the forehand, backhand, high clear, drop shot and smash.
Emphasis is given to such topics as concept formation, problem-solving, and creative thinking.
Emphasis is given to such topics as stockholders' equity and earnings per share.
Emphasis is given to taxonomy and making a herbarium collection.
Emphasis is given to teaching basic vocal skills while having a fun time learning simple anthems.
Emphasis is given to teal and complex numbers.
Emphasis is given to team approaches to applied decision-making processes.
Emphasis is given to technical reports and to their content, form, and presentation.
Emphasis is given to technical skills and equipment.
Emphasis is given to technique and critique of media messages in their textual context.
Emphasis is given to techniques for solving problems in location, management, and merchandising.
Emphasis is given to techniques of survey, field, and experimental research.
Emphasis is given to techniques useful in demographic reconstruction of past populations.
Emphasis is given to technological advances and their impact on the learning environment.
Emphasis is given to technologies and policy in the area of municipal sanitation infrastructure.
Emphasis is given to the advancement of communication and assessment skills.
Emphasis is given to the advent and growth of a mass, popular culture.
Emphasis is given to the algebra of logarithms and exponentials.
Emphasis is given to the algorithmic approach to problem solving.
Emphasis is given to the analysis of abnormal spinal biomechanics.
Emphasis is given to the analysis of California political issues, politics and government.
Emphasis is given to the analysis of group behavior in organizational settings.
Emphasis is given to the analysis of problems and problem-oriented research.
Emphasis is given to the application of principles through the use of case studies.
Emphasis is given to the application of principles to administration and curriculum formation.
Emphasis is given to the application of qualitative methods in international settings.
Emphasis is given to the application of reading-study skills to the content subjects.
Emphasis is given to the area of race relations.
Emphasis is given to the areas in which local government differs from generic management education.
Emphasis is given to the areas of structural analysis and boundary value problems.
Emphasis is given to the assessment of behavior disorders, depression, anxiety, and autism.
Emphasis is given to the basic concepts and methods of psychology and application of principles.
Emphasis is given to the basic role of various proteins in generating subjective experience.
Emphasis is given to the believer's role in and responsibility to the church.
Emphasis is given to the biological and psychological aspects as well as self-awareness of aging.
Emphasis is given to the capacity of particular societies to utilize social innovations.
Emphasis is given to the care and use of optical and electronic instruments.
Emphasis is given to the chemical, physical, and biological properties of soil.
Emphasis is given to the cognitive and affective impact upon the individual and family.
Emphasis is given to the comparison of differing dramatic forms.
Emphasis is given to the complexities in both designing and operating the production system.
Emphasis is given to the conceptual approach in the analysis of space and regional interaction.
Emphasis is given to the design and results of the studies researched.
Emphasis is given to the design of information systems from the perspective of finance and service.
Emphasis is given to the development of a single coherent framework.
Emphasis is given to the development of a visual statement supporting personal interpretation.
Emphasis is given to the development of perceptual skills with traditional representational imagery.
Emphasis is given to the development of psychology within Canadian society.
Emphasis is given to the development of skills using word problems and applications.
Emphasis is given to the development of the nervous and musculoskeletal systems.
Emphasis is given to the diagnosis and management of vocal pathologies.
Emphasis is given to the diagnosis of psychological disorders and psychological treatment.
Emphasis is given to the differential diagnosis as it pertains to the practice of chiropractic.
Emphasis is given to the doctrine taught and the great messages of the book.
Emphasis is given to the documentation and administrative procedures of each practice area.
Emphasis is given to the economic and marketing approaches to international study.
Emphasis is given to the effects of problem drinking on family members, especially children.
Emphasis is given to the effects of social and emotional adjustment on academic achievement.
Emphasis is given to the endemic plants and animals.
Emphasis is given to the ethical and legal implications of research and writing.
Emphasis is given to the European theatre.
Emphasis is given to the examination of social inequality within and among families.
Emphasis is given to the experience of Germany, Britain, and the United States.
Emphasis is given to the fields of archaeology, the four branches of anthropology, and linguistics.
Emphasis is given to the following strategies.
Emphasis is given to the form and the content of business writing.
Emphasis is given to the formulation and implementation of strategy in world markets.
Emphasis is given to the formulation of theoretical models and econometric analysis and testing.
Emphasis is given to the government and constitution of Texas.
Emphasis is given to the growing relevance of equity in commercial transactions.
Emphasis is given to the guiding of social, emotional, physical, and intellectual growth.
Emphasis is given to the helping relationship and the phases of the helping process.
Emphasis is given to the historical context of the stories and their development.
Emphasis is given to the historical development and the applications of the calculus.
Emphasis is given to the identification of industrial employment opportunities.
Emphasis is given to the image making potential and craft of the photographic print.
Emphasis is given to the impact of change on mores, norms and customs.
Emphasis is given to the impact of oppression upon diverse populations.
Emphasis is given to the importance of family relations and development of observational skills.
Emphasis is given to the importance of safety around a body of water.
Emphasis is given to the importance of safety-belt and helmet usage, and driving without alcohol.
Emphasis is given to the improvement of efficiency in industrial applications.
Emphasis is given to the infant and geriatric time periods.
Emphasis is given to the integration of control measures and epidemiology of plant disease.
Emphasis is given to the integration of control measures and epidemiology of plant diseases.
Emphasis is given to the interpretation and analysis of source materials.
Emphasis is given to the interpretation and preparation of construction project documents.
Emphasis is given to the interpretation and uses of information contained in financial reports.
Emphasis is given to the interpretation of data analysis.
Emphasis is given to the isolation and identification of different groups.
Emphasis is given to the issues of diversity and multicultural education.
Emphasis is given to the issues surrounding classification, etiology and treatment.
Emphasis is given to the large literature concerning Native American peoples.
Emphasis is given to the late prehistoric and early historic periods.
Emphasis is given to the legal aspects of the real estate field.
Emphasis is given to the managed care continuum.
Emphasis is given to the marketing policies and programs of multinational corporations.
Emphasis is given to the mathematical formulas and calculations involving trigonometry and physics.
Emphasis is given to the mechanics of entering global markets.
Emphasis is given to the mental health aspect of nursing care.
Emphasis is given to the metaphysical and epistemological foundations of human life.
Emphasis is given to the mode of occurence, migration and relationship to enclosing rock masses.
Emphasis is given to the modeling of industrial application problems.
Emphasis is given to the nature and needs of individuals at all developmental levels.
Emphasis is given to the nature of ethics, values, rights, and obligations.
Emphasis is given to the nature, cause, and consequences of the current phase of global integration.
Emphasis is given to the nursing application of information technology.
Emphasis is given to the objectives at hand and the future expansion capability.
Emphasis is given to the oral communication process in small group problem-solving situations.
Emphasis is given to the organization and implementation of fitness programs.
Emphasis is given to the origin, development and styling of the material.
Emphasis is given to the ownership of small business enterprises.
Emphasis is given to the peoples of Southern Africa with special reference to Zimbabwe.
Emphasis is given to the physical applications of the mathematics.
Emphasis is given to the place of humans in the biological world.
Emphasis is given to the practical aspects of chemistry.
Emphasis is given to the practice and application of principles basic to good speech production.
Emphasis is given to the practice of meditation and the practice of witness consciousness.
Emphasis is given to the practice of meditation and the practice of witnessing consciousness.
Emphasis is given to the practices of multinational firms.
Emphasis is given to the preparation and use of cost and managerial accounting information.
Emphasis is given to the preparation of major choral works.
Emphasis is given to the preparation, analysis and interpretation of financial statements.
Emphasis is given to the principles which underlie the entire field of insurance.
Emphasis is given to the process of problem-solving using various methods.
Emphasis is given to the process of textual information for machine indexing and retrieval.
Emphasis is given to the processes involved in mathematical modeling.
Emphasis is given to the procurement, development, utilization, and maintenance of a work force.
Emphasis is given to the recognition of clinical disease states of the periodontium.
Emphasis is given to the related issues of professional training, regulation and ethics.
Emphasis is given to the relation of athletics to education.
Emphasis is given to the relational data model.
Emphasis is given to the relations between the United States and France.
Emphasis is given to the relationship between form and surface treatment.
Emphasis is given to the relationships between ceramics and other art mediums.
Emphasis is given to the reusable parts.
Emphasis is given to the rise and decline of civilizations and their lasting contributions.
Emphasis is given to the role and responsibilities of the public relations practitioner.
Emphasis is given to the role of administrators in schools as organizations.
Emphasis is given to the role of Christian faith and values as they relate to script content.
Emphasis is given to the role of Christian faith and values as they related to script content.
Emphasis is given to the role of formal and informal education in sexual development.
Emphasis is given to the role of formal and informal educational approaches.
Emphasis is given to the Scriptures as applied to everyday life and their presentation of doctrine.
Emphasis is given to the shoulder blades and hips.
Emphasis is given to the skills of interpretation, analysis, and synthesis.
Emphasis is given to the social contexts of artistic expression.
Emphasis is given to the social, economic, and political history and institutions of Alaska.
Emphasis is given to the study of applied evaluation research.
Emphasis is given to the study of chemically-important phenomena in materials system.
Emphasis is given to the study of prefixes, suffixes, and roots.
Emphasis is given to the substantive aspects of criminal law and how it differs from civil law.
Emphasis is given to the synthesis of the student experience through art.
Emphasis is given to the technician's role in the field.
Emphasis is given to the themes of modern poetry as reflections of Iranian society.
Emphasis is given to the theory of rational inquiry.
Emphasis is given to the understanding and use of structural patterns.
Emphasis is given to the understanding of everyday experiences.
Emphasis is given to the understanding of physical phenomena and to problem solving.
Emphasis is given to the understanding of psychomotor development and spatial awareness.
Emphasis is given to the understanding of underlying processes rather than to monitoring.
Emphasis is given to the unique needs of women aspiring to managerial and professional ranks.
Emphasis is given to the use of apostrophes quotations capital letters numbers and abbreviations.
Emphasis is given to the use of apostrophes, quotations, capital letters, numbers and abbreviations.
Emphasis is given to the use of countertrade as a marketing tool.
Emphasis is given to the use of data obtained from business firms.
Emphasis is given to the use of information needed for managerial planning and control.
Emphasis is given to the use of pronouns adjectives adverbs special punctuation and modifiers.
Emphasis is given to the use of pronouns, adjectives, adverbs, special punctuation, and modifiers.
Emphasis is given to the use of proper practices and avoidance of pitfalls.
Emphasis is given to the utilisation and control of electrical energy.
Emphasis is given to the utilization of optimization and simulation.
Emphasis is given to the utilization of test results in industry, clinics, and schools.
Emphasis is given to theft rings, street gang related auto thefts and repeat offenders.
Emphasis is given to theoretical constructs and their application to occupation based practice.
Emphasis is given to theoretical constructs and therapeutic application.
Emphasis is given to theories which differ from economic orthodoxy.
Emphasis is given to theory, research, and application in the area of sport psychology.
Emphasis is given to three issues of currently popular accountability systems.
Emphasis is given to three issues regarding currently popular accountability systems.
Emphasis is given to today's global marketplace and the risks faced by multinational firms.
Emphasis is given to tools and applications of strategic cost management.
Emphasis is given to tools that are particularly relevant to health care.
Emphasis is given to topics associated with achieving compliance with the Safe Drinking Water Act.
Emphasis is given to topics related to the health sciences and biochemistry.
Emphasis is given to trouble shooting and maintenance of poultry processing automated equipment.
Emphasis is given to twentieth century strategy and related policy problems.
Emphasis is given to understanding and applying various models of analysis.
Emphasis is given to understanding the methodology used in molecular biology.
Emphasis is given to understanding the theoretical underpinnings of ropes course philosophy.
Emphasis is given to understanding young children and their growth and development.
Emphasis is given to using contemporary examples for illustration.
Emphasis is given to value clarification, decision-making and conflict resolution.
Emphasis is given to various diagnostic instruments including the informal reading inventory.
Emphasis is given to various drawing, painting, collage, and sculptural projects.
Emphasis is given to various methods in classroom test construction.
Emphasis is given to verification of facts, libel, ethics and to printing and newsroom technology.
Emphasis is given to victims' rights and responsibilities.
Emphasis is given to vital aspects of teaching practice and ministry programming.
Emphasis is given to vocal development, basic musicianship, and choral style.
Emphasis is given to vocalizations-often the key to identifying thrush species.
Emphasis is given to Western medicine.
Emphasis is given to wilderness leadership techniques and programming.
Emphasis is given to women's fashion apparel.
Emphasis is given to working with primary care providers and the community mental health system.
Emphasis is given to writing for particular audiences to solve ''real world'' writing problems.
Emphasis is given to yesterday's pastimes to today's complex institutionalized sports.
Emphasis is given to youth of color and under-represented youth.
Emphasis is given toward fostering sportsmanship, team goals, and individual responsibility.
Emphasis is givin to the usefulness of the language.
Emphasis is hands on, outdoor training with rapid, constructive feedback to the cadet.
Emphasis is hands on, outdoor training with rapid, constructive feedback to the student.
Emphasis is hands-on production in the multimedia lab.
Emphasis is heavy on mutual support and encouragement.
Emphasis is importance
Emphasis is importance.
Emphasis is in classic linear models and mixed linear models.
Emphasis is in cultural, political, and historical realms.
Emphasis is in managing the finances of an operating unit or small business.
Emphasis is in modern dance with strong support classes in ballet.
Emphasis is in such areas as housing, family and public benefits.
Emphasis is in such areas as housing, family, and public benefits.
Emphasis is in techniques, costs and standards.
Emphasis is in the area of the Carolinas.
Emphasis is in the areas of cellular and molecular immunology, molecular pathogenesis, and virology.
Emphasis is in the areas of electronic, electrical and mechanical skills.
Emphasis is in the ecological sciences, and research accentuates a broad systems approach.
Emphasis is in the middle and upper management areas.
Emphasis is in the original.
Emphasis is in the preparation of materials and discussion of current trends and best practices.
Emphasis is in tillage, conservation tillage and minimum till and no till farming methods.
Emphasis is in two broad areas.
Emphasis is indicated by boldfaced text .
Emphasis is initially on documentary techniques, which rely on editing for meaning.
Emphasis is initially on ensemble, non-verbal, and improvisational work.
Emphasis is inquiry-based approach.
Emphasis is kept on the organizing process.
Emphasis is laid on applied training methods in all programmes.
Emphasis is laid on building good citizenship and patriotic values in the students.
Emphasis is laid on chemical reactions, equipment used, and flowsheets.
Emphasis is laid on conversation.
Emphasis is laid on Gibbs ensembles and methods for calculating molecular systems.
Emphasis is laid on new approaches in the control of pests and diseases.
Emphasis is laid on practical fieldwork.
Emphasis is laid on reading and the use of the school library.
Emphasis is laid on studying new materials and on materials design for the environment.
Emphasis is laid on teamwork and consulting and communications skills, both written and oral.
Emphasis is laid on the application of computers in the interpretation of geophysical data.
Emphasis is laid on the case of an infinite strip, which admits a closed form solution.
Emphasis is laid on the discussion of modern architecture.
Emphasis is laid on the execution of Strasbourg decisions in the Dutch legal order.
Emphasis is laid on the municipal commissioner career and the local political field.
Emphasis is laid on the nature of the process.
Emphasis is laid on the one who faces the problem of nihilism.
Emphasis is laid on the type rather than on individual members.
Emphasis is laid on their usage in ethnic cuisines cuisines, particularily in Asia.
Emphasis is laid upon a high index of suspicion and early diagnosis.
Emphasis is laid upon coordination of reinsurance between segments.
Emphasis is laid upon simplicity of living and upon service to the suffering.
Emphasis is largely on the major fossil fuels.
Emphasis is largely theoretical.
Emphasis is less on architectural landmarks than historic cultural heritage.
Emphasis is less on derivation than on application.
Emphasis is less on initial skill building and more advanced skills, strategies and conditioning.
Emphasis is less on lyric prose than on factual details.
Emphasis is less on technique and more on increasing visual awareness of the surrounding world.
Emphasis is line by line instructions, loops and linearity.
Emphasis is literary and experimental.
Emphasis is literary or historical, depending on the discipline of the instructor.
Emphasis is local.
Emphasis is made both on evaluating trigonometric functions and proving various identities.
Emphasis is made in the dynamics of soil moisture.
Emphasis is made in the use of light for attracting the squids.
Emphasis is made on composition and planning.
Emphasis is made on dietary, counseling of patients.
Emphasis is made on learning the basic skills required to balance, paddle, and ride waves.
Emphasis is made on performing effective bedside examination.
Emphasis is made on product quality and conception of new products.
Emphasis is made on reporting of medical conditions and decline in activities of daily living.
Emphasis is made on style.
Emphasis is made on the complex ethical context.
Emphasis is made on the new building reception.
Emphasis is made on the role of cellular signal transduction in the interferon system.
Emphasis is made on the works of the philosophes and on the development of the novel.
Emphasis is made to the distributed component of the application development.
Emphasis is management and social responsibility.
Emphasis is mental and physical conditioning.
Emphasis is military and civilian pyrotechnics.
Emphasis is more and more on preventive and wellness health care.
Emphasis is more on biotechnology research than in clinical laboratories.
Emphasis is more on bracing and living with scoliosis with participation by teens.
Emphasis is more on fun versus being a real driving simulator.
Emphasis is more on personalities and credit assignment than on scientific and engineering problems.
Emphasis is more on policy interpretation and fiscal projections.
Emphasis is more on popular music than jazz.
Emphasis is more on the musical aspects than some of the above-mentioned resources.
Emphasis is more technical and theoretical.
Emphasis is mostly on Japanese culture.
Emphasis is movement analysis, body alignment and corrections.
Emphasis is naturally upon relations between the United States and Asia in the twentieth century.
Emphasis is needed on both quality text and illustrations to provide information to the reader.
Emphasis is normally on the detection of defects in materials.
Emphasis is now more heavily placed on achievement of KPIs within the individual's roles.
Emphasis is now more on research and writing.
Emphasis is now on character interaction.
Emphasis is now on efficiency through technological innovation and cost reduction.
Emphasis is now on production and marketing.
Emphasis is often on improving health care services for women.
Emphasis is on a beginning knowledge base for early identification, assessment and intervention.
Emphasis is on a Bible stories, music, arts and crafts, drama, and service projects.
Emphasis is on a broad coverage of the field and on flexibility.
Emphasis is on a broad review of the water economics literature.
Emphasis is on a clear design as well as understandable communication.
Emphasis is on a comparative physiology approach.
Emphasis is on a competitive environment in a more social atmosphere.
Emphasis is on a critical examination of current trends and practices in the teaching of science.
Emphasis is on a detailed background knowledge of environmental problems and solutions.
Emphasis is on a disciplined, strategic approach to creative decision-making across all media.
Emphasis is on a fun, relaxed atmosphere to learn the latest techniques.
Emphasis is on a general understanding.
Emphasis is on a healthy, happy life for all, with prevention playing a key role.
Emphasis is on a high degree of individual musicianship and fine ensemble playing.
Emphasis is on a high level of performance.
Emphasis is on a holistic, women-centered perspective on the health of women.
Emphasis is on a management science approach.
Emphasis is on a midrange of applications.
Emphasis is on a multidisciplinary approach to the geologic history of a sedimentary basin.
Emphasis is on a natural environment with relaxing, low-impact lifestyle.
Emphasis is on a non-competitive style of training.
Emphasis is on a positive learning experience between the high school and elementary students.
Emphasis is on a positive, competency-based view of individual and family strengths.
Emphasis is on a practical application.
Emphasis is on a practical how-to approach, rather than theory.
Emphasis is on a practical understanding of economic problems, issues, and policies.
Emphasis is on a proactive, wellness approach to decision-making and health behavior.
Emphasis is on a proactive, wellness approach to decision-making and healthy behavior.
Emphasis is on a professional, collegial image.
Emphasis is on a project-based approach to analyzing data.
Emphasis is on a soft touch, neutral colors and often a puckered, washed or unfinished look.
Emphasis is on a strong foundation in the life sciences.
Emphasis is on a student-designed projects, forming, cutting, and finishing.
Emphasis is on a systems approach to resource management within the family ecosystem.
Emphasis is on a systems-communication model utilizing cocounseling.
Emphasis is on a system-wide overview and specific application to nursing facility management.
Emphasis is on a teacher's response to a child's use of language rather than on direct teaching.
Emphasis is on a team approach in delivering patient care.
Emphasis is on a thorough review of grammar, reading, composition and conversation in Spanish.
Emphasis is on a total system solution rather than software alone.
Emphasis is on a transdisciplinary service delivery model.
Emphasis is on a variety of conversational settings both in the U.S. and in Hispanic countries.
Emphasis is on a variety of software programs for managerial accounting applications.
Emphasis is on a whole-systems approach which depends on a dialog among all team members.
Emphasis is on abilities that transfer to unfamiliar instruments.
Emphasis is on ability and age instruction with games as part of the daily schedule.
Emphasis is on ability rather than disability.
Emphasis is on academic and administrative functions rather than location and facilities.
Emphasis is on academic excellence, creativity, and aesthetic and spiritual growth.
Emphasis is on academic readiness, skills, computers, health and fitness.
Emphasis is on academic support services.
Emphasis is on academics, physical fitness, and moral aptitude.
Emphasis is on accessibility without compromise.
Emphasis is on accessing and using human, social and health care services.
Emphasis is on accounting as an information system meeting the demands of users for decision making.
Emphasis is on accounting using the microcomputer.
Emphasis is on accuracy and fluency of usage in the written language.
Emphasis is on accuracy and fluency.
Emphasis is on accuracy and mailable copy.
Emphasis is on accuracy in coding, forms preparation, and posting.
Emphasis is on accuracy, simplicity, and ontime delivery.
Emphasis is on accuracy.
Emphasis is on accurate decoding and spelling and improving reading fluency.
Emphasis is on achieving a high level of technical, aesthetic and conceptual excellence.
Emphasis is on achieving an optimal retirement plan.
Emphasis is on achieving oral proficiency through speaking and listening practice.
Emphasis is on achieving the goals of the class and student success.
Emphasis is on acquiring and evaluating the medical, dental and drug history.
Emphasis is on acquiring and learning to apply a range of analytical skills.
Emphasis is on acquiring experience and knowledge of Japanese culture.
Emphasis is on acquiring greater skill in reading literary and cultural texts.
Emphasis is on acquiring practical skills.
Emphasis is on acquiring tools and techniques for formal modeling and deduction.
Emphasis is on acquisition of basic vocal technique, including musicianship skills.
Emphasis is on acquisition of skills and habits for a lifetime of wellness.
Emphasis is on action research.
Emphasis is on active learning and case study approaches.
Emphasis is on active learning and handling data in the lab and across the Internet.
Emphasis is on active participation and growth in skill development in a variety of sports.
Emphasis is on active participation in all aspects of patient care.
Emphasis is on active student participation and broadening historical and cultural knowledge.
Emphasis is on active, hands-on involvement and the immediate application in the classroom.
Emphasis is on activism, but there are also plenty of funding related links.
Emphasis is on actual field and laboratory experience gathering real data.
Emphasis is on actual issues identified in both the public and private sectors.
Emphasis is on actual practice in the creative art disciplines.
Emphasis is on actual tasks and processes.
Emphasis is on acute, major and chronic health deviations.
Emphasis is on adaptation of illustration to reproduction.
Emphasis is on adaptation, behavior, and role in the ecosystem.
Emphasis is on adapting to the water with introduction and improvement of strokes and skill level.
Emphasis is on administration and diagnostic uses of both adult and children scales.
Emphasis is on administration, organization, and effectiveness of incarceration.
Emphasis is on adult learning, communications and working in teams, and personnel issues.
Emphasis is on adult processes rather than on development of the processes in children.
Emphasis is on advanced clinical correlation and topics in hematology.
Emphasis is on advanced darkroom techniques for creative and experimental presentations.
Emphasis is on advanced design and management projects.
Emphasis is on advanced dispensing skills.
Emphasis is on advanced dynamical models and attendant issues.
Emphasis is on advanced fitting design and care of bifocals, flexible and other specialty lenses.
Emphasis is on advanced fitting design and techniques.
Emphasis is on advanced fitting techniques.
Emphasis is on advanced imaging and professional production skills.
Emphasis is on advanced procedures.
Emphasis is on advanced projects for multi-part design publications.
Emphasis is on advanced projects for multi-part graphic design publications.
Emphasis is on advanced single and multi-frequency eddy current techniques.
Emphasis is on advanced skill development.
Emphasis is on advanced skills and strategies, and upon competitive tournament play.
Emphasis is on advanced statistical techniques.
Emphasis is on advanced technical process.
Emphasis is on advanced theoretical knowledge required for clinical competence.
Emphasis is on advanced topics and methods of data analysis.
Emphasis is on advanced use of word processor, spreadsheet, database, and presentation programs.
Emphasis is on advocacy writing for controlled and uncontrolled media.
Emphasis is on aeronautical applications - in particular, helicopter transmissions.
Emphasis is on aesthetic awareness, artistic expression and creative problem-solving.
Emphasis is on aesthetic, social and cultural qualities particular to Brazilian literature.
Emphasis is on aesthetics and design of the visual image.
Emphasis is on affordable package holidays and personal service.
Emphasis is on age specific assessments and therapeutic interventions.
Emphasis is on agents that control certain infectious diseases, cancer and immune disorders.
Emphasis is on aging process and factors which affect adult learning.
Emphasis is on aging process and factors, which affect adult learning.
Emphasis is on agriculture and forestry although urban development is a priority in some districts.
Emphasis is on agriculture, processed food and agricultural input industries.
Emphasis is on agronomic crops used primarily for forage.
Emphasis is on aircraft and armor, with a steady dose of cars, ships, sci-fi and figures.
Emphasis is on alcoholism and other popular mind-altering drugs.
Emphasis is on algebraic methods.
Emphasis is on algebraic processes and their use in problem solving.
Emphasis is on algebraic structure and graphs.
Emphasis is on algorithm development, programming techniques, data and file structures.
Emphasis is on algorithms suitable for low speed and internal flows at speeds up through transonic.
Emphasis is on algorithms, and scatterering phenomenology from complex non-stationary targets.
Emphasis is on algorithms.
Emphasis is on alignment, grace and expression.
Emphasis is on all areas of the automobile except body and fender.
Emphasis is on all laboratory techniques pertaining to the specialty area.
Emphasis is on all-position shielded metal arc welding.
Emphasis is on alternative models of delivery, including consultation and monitoring.
Emphasis is on aluminum, stainless steels, and mixtures of gases.
Emphasis is on Amateur handlers and owners are encouraged to get in the ring and enjoy the fun.
Emphasis is on America, secondarily on Western Europe and the Western Hemisphere.
Emphasis is on American and British literature.
Emphasis is on American and English authors.
Emphasis is on American book covers with comparisons to English and continental styles.
Emphasis is on American history, culture, and the literary merits.
Emphasis is on American history.
Emphasis is on American Indian languages.
Emphasis is on American institutions, although comparative perspectives are discussed.
Emphasis is on American legislation and new trends.
Emphasis is on American material.
Emphasis is on American poets, but others are also accepted .
Emphasis is on American politics but in a world wide perspective.
Emphasis is on American politics, but theories and research are viewed in comparative perspective.
Emphasis is on American social institutions.
Emphasis is on American stories.
Emphasis is on an alalytic approach.
Emphasis is on an applied understanding of how and what to teach.
Emphasis is on an audiogram interpretation, case findings, and referrals.
Emphasis is on an ecosystem approach.
Emphasis is on an environmental awareness and skill development.
Emphasis is on an examination of administrative factors related to health services.
Emphasis is on an experience of community.
Emphasis is on an identified collection of invertebrates found in Alberta's lakes and streams.
Emphasis is on an individualized approach designed to meet the needs of each student.
Emphasis is on an integrated analysis from a psycho-social viewpoint.
Emphasis is on an integrated approach to analysis and design of distribution networks.
Emphasis is on an interdisciplinary approach to business.
Emphasis is on an interdisciplinary or cross-cultural examination of the theatre.
Emphasis is on analysis and creativity.
Emphasis is on analysis and decision-making.
Emphasis is on analysis and evaluation of text at students appropriate instructional level.
Emphasis is on analysis and practical application of grammar.
Emphasis is on analysis and resolution of ethical dilemmas common to gerontological practice.
Emphasis is on analysis and synthesis as well as developing critical writing abilities.
Emphasis is on analysis and understanding of circuits.
Emphasis is on analysis and use rather than defining logic.
Emphasis is on analysis of characters and scripts as well as performance skills.
Emphasis is on analysis of contemporary documents and design skills.
Emphasis is on analysis of functions to provide a fundamental background for the study of Calculus.
Emphasis is on analysis of physical systems and solving equations.
Emphasis is on analysis of problems.
Emphasis is on analysis of the market, competition, and product development.
Emphasis is on analysis, interpretation and reading of drama, verse and prose.
Emphasis is on analysis, synthesis, and interpretation of original research.
Emphasis is on analytic and algebraic thinking.
Emphasis is on analytical and computational methods.
Emphasis is on analytical, critical evaluation, and the advancement of theory.
Emphasis is on analyzing and solving real-world engineering problems.
Emphasis is on analyzing existing businesses.
Emphasis is on analyzing existing small and family-owned business and includes a field project.
Emphasis is on analyzing existing small and family-owned businesses and includes a field project.
Emphasis is on analyzing multinational companies with different home nations.
Emphasis is on analyzing, interpreting and synthesizing information and ideas.
Emphasis is on anatomy, proportion, body gesture and expression.
Emphasis is on ancient Greek, Roman, Italian, Oriental, Spanish, and early English drama.
Emphasis is on animal health, productivity and reproduction.
Emphasis is on animal products, nutrition, reproduction, animal improvement, and management.
Emphasis is on animal senses and adaptations needed for life at night.
Emphasis is on anthropological, sociological, and psychological studies.
Emphasis is on anticipating and avoiding dangerous and difficult situations on the road.
Emphasis is on aphasia and related disorders.
Emphasis is on apples, pears, peaches, raspberries, blueberries, and grapes.
Emphasis is on applicable design methodologies, documentation of design, and testing designs.
Emphasis is on application and understanding of the basic assumptions in testing data.
Emphasis is on application and understanding the basic assumptions in testing data.
Emphasis is on application design and development.
Emphasis is on application development.
Emphasis is on application experiences and most courses have laboratory or recitation sessions.
Emphasis is on application in school and clinical settings.
Emphasis is on application of adult learning theory and system design principles.
Emphasis is on application of basic concepts with two clinical days per week in a surgical setting.
Emphasis is on application of basic evolutionary principles.
Emphasis is on application of fluid flow, thermodynamics, and heat and mass transfer principles.
Emphasis is on application of models to actual business problems.
Emphasis is on application of nonparametric techniques to data.
Emphasis is on application of procedures, including the rationale underlying choice of procedures.
Emphasis is on application of procedures.
Emphasis is on application of scientific methods and interpretation of experimental data.
Emphasis is on application of scriptures to our daily activities.
Emphasis is on application of solicitation strategies, techniques, and procedures.
Emphasis is on application of statistical tools.
Emphasis is on application of techniques and tools for creative expression.
Emphasis is on application of the principles reviewed to the organizational setting.
Emphasis is on application of the systems.
Emphasis is on application of theories and models to school curriculum.
Emphasis is on application of theory and problem solving.
Emphasis is on application of theory in case studies and simulations.
Emphasis is on application packages rather than on program development.
Emphasis is on application packages, rather than on program development.
Emphasis is on application rather than computational methods of mathematical rigor.
Emphasis is on application rather than theory.
Emphasis is on application to adults in both practice and education settings.
Emphasis is on application to their own lives.
Emphasis is on application.
Emphasis is on applications and currently available methodology.
Emphasis is on applications and projects.
Emphasis is on applications as preparation for allied health science programs.
Emphasis is on applications as well as logical design.
Emphasis is on applications for business decisions.
Emphasis is on applications in a business environment.
Emphasis is on applications in business and economics.
Emphasis is on applications in business and the physical and social sciences.
Emphasis is on applications in higher education.
Emphasis is on applications in practice as well as analytical models.
Emphasis is on applications in technical fields including electronics technology.
Emphasis is on applications in the various technologies.
Emphasis is on applications including word processing, data base and spreadsheet.
Emphasis is on applications of analysis and design.
Emphasis is on applications of physics in the health and life sciences.
Emphasis is on applications of statistical techniques.
Emphasis is on applications of statistics.
Emphasis is on applications or research whose potential applicability is convincingly demonstrated.
Emphasis is on applications that run on multiple platforms.
Emphasis is on applications to all disciplines taught in secondary schools.
Emphasis is on applications to business.
Emphasis is on applications to physical phenomena.
Emphasis is on applications to specific language minority populations.
Emphasis is on applications which both improve end-use efficiency and lower utility operating costs.
Emphasis is on applications, and on the underlying assumptions of statistical techniques.
Emphasis is on applications.
Emphasis is on applied and theoretical physiological, population and community ecology.
Emphasis is on applied problems and differences between countries and systems of management.
Emphasis is on applied problems to demonstrate concepts essential to small businesses.
Emphasis is on applied real world problems.
Emphasis is on applied research and experiential learning.
Emphasis is on applied research.
Emphasis is on applying basic analytical, qualitative tools in the decision making process.
Emphasis is on applying economic analysis to the problems of economic development.
Emphasis is on applying learning strategies in the context of a college-level expository course.
Emphasis is on applying marketing principles in an academically guided setting.
Emphasis is on applying research techniques and skills to solve problems in practical settings.
Emphasis is on applying the content of other journalism courses in the high school.
Emphasis is on applying the different features available in the database.
Emphasis is on applying the principles and procedures to any food service operation.
Emphasis is on appreciation of orchestral literature through study and performance.
Emphasis is on appropriate analysis of data in real situations.
Emphasis is on appropriate choral discipline and high quality vocal technique and musicianship.
Emphasis is on appropriate formatting, advanced text editing skills, and transcription techniques.
Emphasis is on appropriate period look.
Emphasis is on appropriate use of diagnostic systems and on ethical and legal issues in diagnosis.
Emphasis is on apvector and struct .
Emphasis is on aquatic science.
Emphasis is on architectural barriers and utilization of wheel chairs and other equipment.
Emphasis is on architectural issues and database considerations.
Emphasis is on area rather than actual control of implements which caused accident.
Emphasis is on areas of American concern during that era, Cuba, Dominican Republic, etc.
Emphasis is on Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru and Venezuela.
Emphasis is on argon, helium-neon, and krypton items.
Emphasis is on art and culture.
Emphasis is on art of the western world, but non-western art is included, as well.
Emphasis is on art theories and visual images as a reflection of modern civilization.
Emphasis is on artificial neural networks.
Emphasis is on artists in New York and Britain.
Emphasis is on arts integration and applications in public and private settings.
Emphasis is on aspects of interest to physicists.
Emphasis is on assessing specific academic and leaning modality strengths and weaknesses.
Emphasis is on assessment and interventions based on pathophysiological knowledge.
Emphasis is on assessment of patient needs and basic nursing interventions for adults of all ages.
Emphasis is on assessment of populations at risk and development of health programs.
Emphasis is on assessment, including screening and play-based assessment.
Emphasis is on assessment, intervention, and evaluation in both clinical and non-clinical settings.
Emphasis is on assessment, planning, analysis, implementation and evaluation.
Emphasis is on assessment, promotion and maintenance of wellness, and prevention of illness.
Emphasis is on assessment.
Emphasis is on assessments of technology performance and cost effectiveness.
Emphasis is on asset accounts.
Emphasis is on asset classification on the balance sheet.
Emphasis is on assiginments requiring planning and execution.
Emphasis is on assigned readings and engaged class participation.
Emphasis is on assisted self-directed learning and project based learning.
Emphasis is on assisting students in developing, executing, and interpreting their research.
Emphasis is on assisting with homework and building reading skills.
Emphasis is on associating function with structure.
Emphasis is on atmosphere and customer service.
Emphasis is on attachment parenting.
Emphasis is on audience awareness and purpose for writing.
Emphasis is on audience awareness, writing, editing, document design, and documentation.
Emphasis is on audio, video, graphic, and network resources and on various file formats.
Emphasis is on auditory brain stem response and electronystagmography.
Emphasis is on aural understanding of the topic.
Emphasis is on Australian events and content, but all are welcome .
Emphasis is on authentic research, higher level thinking , and the development of new skills.
Emphasis is on automaticity of quick finger motions and correct keystroking techniques.
Emphasis is on autonomous intelligent behavior of machines.
Emphasis is on avoidance of risk factors and prevention of disease and illness.
Emphasis is on avoiding scams.
Emphasis is on avoiding spin doctors and obtaining concrete information.
Emphasis is on awareness of and interaction with the visual environment.
Emphasis is on bacteria, fungi, and viruses, although algae and protozoa are considered.
Emphasis is on bacteria.
Emphasis is on bailments, sales, risk-bearing, forms of business ownership, and copyrights.
Emphasis is on balancing stretch and strength, on breathing, and on refining body alignment.
Emphasis is on balancing three basic life forces, or doshas, to maintain wellness.
Emphasis is on ball selection, grips, stance, and delivery along with rules and etiquette.
Emphasis is on ballet and modern dance.
Emphasis is on band fundamentals and ensemble playing.
Emphasis is on basic accounting concepts, vocabulary, practical procedures, and accounting forms.
Emphasis is on basic calculations and their applications in the machine shop.
Emphasis is on basic communication and appreciation of history and culture.
Emphasis is on basic concepts and optimization methods.
Emphasis is on basic cooking skills and theory application.
Emphasis is on basic drafting skills.
Emphasis is on basic ethical concepts and administrative duties of hospital personnel.
Emphasis is on basic fundamentals of softball.
Emphasis is on basic grammar, vocabulary and translation.
Emphasis is on basic gymnastic skills and shapes.
Emphasis is on basic language and life skills needed to function in an English-speaking community.
Emphasis is on basic manufacturing principles.
Emphasis is on basic mathematical functions.
Emphasis is on basic methodology and the essential principle of matched pair analysis.
Emphasis is on basic needs in highly predictable, common everyday situations.
Emphasis is on basic playing and breathing technique.
Emphasis is on basic practice skills and intervention techniques.
Emphasis is on basic principles and standard procedures.
Emphasis is on basic principles of physiology and pathology.
Emphasis is on basic principles, relationships and applications to fire protection.
Emphasis is on basic principles, relationships, and applications to fire protection.
Emphasis is on basic scientific knowledge as well as personal and group experiences.
Emphasis is on basic sentence grammar and conversation skills.
Emphasis is on basic skills and applications.
Emphasis is on basic skills in arithmetic and algebra.
Emphasis is on basic statistics.
Emphasis is on basic strategies for numerical methods.
Emphasis is on basic technique, boat-handling skills, safety rules and terminology.
Emphasis is on beam theory and plane stress analysis for such materials.
Emphasis is on beginning applications of appropriate word processing software using microcomputers.
Emphasis is on behavior, sociobiology, and chemical integrating mechanisms.
Emphasis is on behavioral observation and analysis and presentation of findings in a report format.
Emphasis is on behavioral, communication approach.
Emphasis is on being able to store large quantities of data in scanned images and on ease of use.
Emphasis is on being with friends and playing a credible game.
Emphasis is on bench showing ratherthan on track or coursing dogs.
Emphasis is on best practices, history, current research and history.
Emphasis is on beverage control and innovative hospitality management practices.
Emphasis is on bibliographic elements that affect indexing and access to the materials.
Emphasis is on bidding.
Emphasis is on bio syn thesis of macromolecules.
Emphasis is on biocultural interactions.
Emphasis is on bioengineering aspects of mechanics, electricity and magnetism.
Emphasis is on bioengineering aspects of physical chemistry and biomaterials.
Emphasis is on bioengineering practices.
Emphasis is on biological and chemical applications.
Emphasis is on biological applications.
Emphasis is on biology as a part of our daily lives.
Emphasis is on biology, health services administration, and entrepreneurial studies.
Emphasis is on biomechanics and the musculo-skeletal system, although all systems are reviewed.
Emphasis is on biomedical research applications.
Emphasis is on bioorganic models for biochemical processes.
Emphasis is on biotechnology and related sciences.
Emphasis is on black and white media.
Emphasis is on black and white photography.
Emphasis is on black and white processing and printing techniques.
Emphasis is on black and white.
Emphasis is on blood, heart, respiration, digestion, metabolism, excretion, and reproduction.
Emphasis is on body acceptance and healthy living.
Emphasis is on body alignment, coordination and musicality.
Emphasis is on body awareness and confidence in movement.
Emphasis is on body composition, anaerobic and aerobic power as they relate to physical fitness.
Emphasis is on body directions and stamina.
Emphasis is on body fluids, various organ systems and their interrelationships.
Emphasis is on body toning.
Emphasis is on bond graphs, but systems approach relates well to analytical system dynamics.
Emphasis is on books but also covers some audio books and TV shows.
Emphasis is on books in the social sciences and humanities.
Emphasis is on boosting self-esteem while learning about change and understanding their feelings.
Emphasis is on botany.
Emphasis is on both amateur and professional sports and their impact on the larger social order.
Emphasis is on both behavioral and cognitive approaches to developing instructional training.
Emphasis is on both clinical and non-clinical aspects of health care delivery.
Emphasis is on both conceptual and practical use of prototyping and information engineering.
Emphasis is on both content AND form.
Emphasis is on both current and classical literature.
Emphasis is on both individual and group dynamics.
Emphasis is on both oral and written presentation.
Emphasis is on both original theoretical and empirical work.
Emphasis is on both pedagogical understanding and performance skills of the repertoire.
Emphasis is on both quantitative literacy and the aesthetic quality of mathematics.
Emphasis is on both real and hypothetical writing assignments and class discussion of the results.
Emphasis is on both research and outreach.
Emphasis is on both saltwater and freshwater, recreational and working craft.
Emphasis is on both sculptural aesthetics and appropriate technology.
Emphasis is on both skill and expression.
Emphasis is on both social scientific and humanistic methods of scholarly inquiry.
Emphasis is on both speaking and writing skills to handle complex communicative situations.
Emphasis is on both speed and accuracy through intensive practice.
Emphasis is on both technical and aesthetic aspects of the films.
Emphasis is on both the conceptual basis for the tax and the preparation of individual tax returns.
Emphasis is on both the macro and micro aspects of government policy.
Emphasis is on both the theoretical and pragmatic aspects of accounting practices.
Emphasis is on both the theoretical and the practical aspects of environmental problems.
Emphasis is on both theoretical and applied aspects of econometrics.
Emphasis is on both theoretical and experiential learning.
Emphasis is on both theoretical and practical aspects of treatment.
Emphasis is on both theory and data analysis.
Emphasis is on both theory and practical applications of the various approaches.
Emphasis is on both traditional and newer forms of parliamentary practice.
Emphasis is on boundary value problem formulation via simple examples.
Emphasis is on brain function and neural transmission.
Emphasis is on bread, grains, vegetables and fruits.
Emphasis is on bridging research advances to practice areas.
Emphasis is on bridging the chasm that often exists between administration and faculty.
Emphasis is on bringing readers a soilid package of things to see and do in Southern California.
Emphasis is on Britain and Hollywood.
Emphasis is on British and American literature.
Emphasis is on British History within a wider context.
Emphasis is on British history, culture, and the literary merits.
Emphasis is on British persons, but coverage is fairly international.
Emphasis is on broad interpretative principles rather than on specific mathematical details.
Emphasis is on broad management training rather than specialization in a particular industry.
Emphasis is on broad, innovative and forward-thinking projects with national scope.
Emphasis is on budgetary and fund accounting.
Emphasis is on building a medical vocabulary.
Emphasis is on building a solid base in structured programming.
Emphasis is on building a strong military and strengthening industries.
Emphasis is on building an understanding of the roots of contemporary social theory.
Emphasis is on building capacity for a collaborative approach to conflict resolution.
Emphasis is on building community.
Emphasis is on building concepts and applying principles to make quantitative measurements.
Emphasis is on building design, control and troubleshooting.
Emphasis is on building English vocabulary through Latin root words.
Emphasis is on building good vocal technique, musicianship, discipline and spirituality.
Emphasis is on building more varied communication skills.
Emphasis is on building self-confidence through frequent performance experience.
Emphasis is on building skills and knowledge learned in introductory painting.
Emphasis is on building skills in computer applications software and office production duties.
Emphasis is on building specific skills and creating policies that get the best from every employee.
Emphasis is on building sped and accuracy in typewriting.
Emphasis is on building speed and accuracy on a computer keyboard.
Emphasis is on building systems and their relationship to interior environment and user needs.
Emphasis is on building the skills necessary to deal with people.
Emphasis is on building vocabulary and acquiring enough grammar to use a dictionary.
Emphasis is on bulk micromachining although some surface micromachined projects have been completed.
Emphasis is on business application.
Emphasis is on business applications programming.
Emphasis is on business applications.
Emphasis is on business careers.
Emphasis is on business combinations.
Emphasis is on business environment, corporate activity, and analysis of trends.
Emphasis is on business letters and business conversation.
Emphasis is on business letters, business terminology, business customs, and business conversation.
Emphasis is on business related and technical applications.
Emphasis is on business related problems.
Emphasis is on business skills rather than technical credentials.
Emphasis is on business tasks that can be accomplished using the services of the Internet.
Emphasis is on business terminology and the environment in which business functions.
Emphasis is on business terms.
Emphasis is on business usage and personal application.
Emphasis is on business vocabulary, oral and written communication and cross-cultural protocol.
Emphasis is on business, career, writing and technical how-to books.
Emphasis is on business-related and technical applications.
Emphasis is on business-related problems.
Emphasis is on calibrations, laws and regulations, safety, and ecological impact on the environment.
Emphasis is on California, Florida, Indiana, Ohio and Texas.
Emphasis is on California.
Emphasis is on calm and balance.
Emphasis is on camera handling, manual exposure control, composition, and basic color theory.
Emphasis is on camera use, imagery, film processing, and quality printing.
Emphasis is on camp leadership skills, activity ideas, program development and camp administration.
Emphasis is on Canada, but U.S. and international data is also provided.
Emphasis is on Canadian content.
Emphasis is on Canadian literature, and Caribbean East Indian and African literature in English.
Emphasis is on Canadian material.
Emphasis is on Canadian works.
Emphasis is on capacity analysis.
Emphasis is on carcass grading and evaluation and appraisal of primary beef primal cuts and hams.
Emphasis is on cardiovascular conditioning and body toning.
Emphasis is on cardiovascular conditioning and mental as well as spiritual development.
Emphasis is on cardiovascular conditioning, muscle toning and flexibility.
Emphasis is on career and labor market resources and information.
Emphasis is on career planning and developing the skills of people.
Emphasis is on career preparation for the academic or industrial sectors.
Emphasis is on careful definition of system boundaries.
Emphasis is on careful formulation and evaluation of theories and arguments.
Emphasis is on careful proof.
Emphasis is on caring for the patient's needs using clinical resources wisely .
Emphasis is on caring, honesty, respect and responsibility.
Emphasis is on case analysis and the application of legal concepts to solve problems.
Emphasis is on case analysis.
Emphasis is on case and related discussion.
Emphasis is on case presentation, including clinical histories and sleep laboratory findings.
Emphasis is on case studies and other practical applications.
Emphasis is on case studies of various issues and problems.
Emphasis is on case studies that cut across various functional disciplines.
Emphasis is on case studies, role play, and hands on experience.
Emphasis is on cases, problems, and current and emerging technology in various industries.
Emphasis is on cash flow.
Emphasis is on casting, rehearsing, performing, and directing techniques.
Emphasis is on casual wear, martial arts, and soccer.
Emphasis is on causal analysis.
Emphasis is on causes and origin of revolution and parallels for change in society.
Emphasis is on causes of break downs and the making of necessary repairs.
Emphasis is on causes, dynamics, and classification, with some attention to treatment approaches.
Emphasis is on celebrities.
Emphasis is on cellular and molecular biology, energy systems, genetics, evolution, and ecology.
Emphasis is on cellular and systems levels of organization.
Emphasis is on cellular, nerve-muscle, cardiovascular, respiratory, and renal physiology.
Emphasis is on ceramics, glass, metalwork, and painting.
Emphasis is on challenges and problem-solving.
Emphasis is on chamber music and solo performance with critique provided by guest clinicians.
Emphasis is on change and decision-making.
Emphasis is on changing directions, leveling off and combining skills learned.
Emphasis is on changing meanings of place and culture.
Emphasis is on changing the dysfunctional belief systems, thereby changing dysfunctional behavior.
Emphasis is on channels of distribution, market research, and the market mix.
Emphasis is on character analysis and development through monologue and scene work.
Emphasis is on character analysis, scenework, historical research of period characters.
Emphasis is on character interpretation and delivery skills.
Emphasis is on characterization and ensemble acting.
Emphasis is on characterization, structure, and dramatization.
Emphasis is on chemical theory and on properties of elements and compuounds.
Emphasis is on chemical thermodynamics.
Emphasis is on chemistry compounds pertaining to agricultural and biological processes.
Emphasis is on chemoreception, photoreception, and development in prokaryotic organisms.
Emphasis is on child development and developmentally appropriate practices.
Emphasis is on childhood health issues.
Emphasis is on children two through five years of age.
Emphasis is on child's own discovery.
Emphasis is on Chinese reading, writing and conversational skills.
Emphasis is on choosing the correct problem solving strategy.
Emphasis is on chromatic materials.
Emphasis is on circuit design techniques with examples from the literature.
Emphasis is on citizenship, the right to information and procedures.
Emphasis is on civilization and culture with additional readings by Hispanic authors.
Emphasis is on claiming self-esteem as an inherent right.
Emphasis is on clarification of individual interests, values, needs and abilities.
Emphasis is on clarity and quality of explanations.
Emphasis is on clarity of pronunciation, enunciation and articulation in singing.
Emphasis is on class discussion, critical reading and effective expository techniques.
Emphasis is on class participation.
Emphasis is on class presentation and analysis of student projects.
Emphasis is on classic American and foreign films, from the silent period to the present day.
Emphasis is on classical and jazz music, along with music theory.
Emphasis is on classical and operant condition and the experimental analysis of behavior.
Emphasis is on classical genetic examples of human disease.
Emphasis is on classical mechanics and thermodynamics.
Emphasis is on classical music of all historical periods, folk music.
Emphasis is on classical music, but jazz and American popular music is also included.
Emphasis is on classical studies of drawing and incorporating mixed media.
Emphasis is on classification codes as access points in searches on mathematical topics.
Emphasis is on classroom discussion of research papers.
Emphasis is on classroom interaction, explanations.
Emphasis is on classroom methods and hands on activities.
Emphasis is on clean maneuvers, acceleration, and shifting gears.
Emphasis is on clear and concise written expression.
Emphasis is on clear communication and the creation of intuitive interactice interfaces.
Emphasis is on clear communication in the business English style.
Emphasis is on clear readable prose.
Emphasis is on clear, concise style, including techniques for testing and evaluating documents.
Emphasis is on clearing the ball high and wide.
Emphasis is on climate change.
Emphasis is on clinical ability rather than technology.
Emphasis is on clinical aspects of reproductive management.
Emphasis is on clinical dentistry as it is practiced in Great Britain, Europe and North America.
Emphasis is on clinical electrodiagnostic medicine with exposure to specialized research areas.
Emphasis is on clinical laboratory correlation.
Emphasis is on clinical medicine.
Emphasis is on clinical reasoning, differential diagnoses and diagnostic and therapeutic strategies.
Emphasis is on clinical usefulness and limitation of each analysis.
Emphasis is on clinically sound treatment plans and appropriate use of art media.
Emphasis is on close observation combined with the creative imagination.
Emphasis is on close reading and analysis in order to sharpen our writer's judgment.
Emphasis is on close reading and class discussion.
Emphasis is on close reading, formal analysis, and critical interpretation.
Emphasis is on closed loop proportional control systems.
Emphasis is on cognition, attitude formation and change, and group behavior.
Emphasis is on cognitive therapies.
Emphasis is on cognitive, social, physical, moral, sexual, and political development.
Emphasis is on cohesive group decision making through democratic problemsolving.
Emphasis is on collaboration with other health care providers in a culturally diverse environment.
Emphasis is on collaboration with other health care providers in a diverse cultural environment.
Emphasis is on collaborative activities and skits.
Emphasis is on collaborative activities that promote holistic student development.
Emphasis is on collaborative research, collegiality, ethics, and research integrity.
Emphasis is on collecting, summarizing, analyzing, and reporting financial information.
Emphasis is on collections from western North America.
Emphasis is on collective behavior, rather than on behavior of individual objects.
Emphasis is on college or other post-high school studies in the interest of career advancement.
Emphasis is on college-bound programs.
Emphasis is on college-level work.
Emphasis is on colonial Texas as a part of Mexico and the Republic of Texas.
Emphasis is on colonial Texas as a part of Mexico, and the Republic of Texas.
Emphasis is on color theory and three-dimensional design.
Emphasis is on color theory as applied to painting.
Emphasis is on color transparency film.
Emphasis is on color, figure, and individual expression.
Emphasis is on color, line, and design.
Emphasis is on Colorado law.
Emphasis is on colour media and perspective drawing.
Emphasis is on combining educational theory with social studies content for effective teaching.
Emphasis is on combining processes with the development of personal imagery and concepts.
Emphasis is on combining psychotherapeutic, pharmacological, and alternative therapeutic approaches.
Emphasis is on comfort, durability, and beauty.
Emphasis is on comfortably assuming the postures to one's own ability.
Emphasis is on command of the fundamentals of language required for effective writing.
Emphasis is on commercial airline operational factors.
Emphasis is on commercial systems and components and an open systems architecture.
Emphasis is on commodity production with mitigation for other resource values.
Emphasis is on common clays, fly ash, bottom ash, and diatomaceous earth as raw materials.
Emphasis is on common health problems seen in ambulatory care settings.
Emphasis is on common health problems seen in hospitalized adults.
Emphasis is on common medical and surgical problems in pediatrics.
Emphasis is on common sense approach to truck driving and safety issues.
Emphasis is on commonly encountered topics and situations in a medical setting.
Emphasis is on communicating a message.
Emphasis is on communicating in two-person, small group and public settings.
Emphasis is on communication and assessment skills with individuals and families.
Emphasis is on communication and dispensing skills.
Emphasis is on communication and the decision-making framework with quality service as the goal.
Emphasis is on communication and visual interpretation of illustration problems.
Emphasis is on communication between two people.
Emphasis is on communication of concepts and images as used in the commercial art world.
Emphasis is on communication skills with grammar as a support.
Emphasis is on communication, motivation, decision making, and empowerment and delegation.
Emphasis is on communication.
Emphasis is on communications.
Emphasis is on communication-skill building in group settings.
Emphasis is on communicative competence and the ability to perform authentic tasks.
Emphasis is on communicative proficiency, self expression and cultural insight.
Emphasis is on communicative skills as well as reading and listening comprehension.
Emphasis is on communicative skills, independent reading and language analysis skills.
Emphasis is on communicative skills.
Emphasis is on communicative understanding rather than on aesthetic, technical or skills approach.
Emphasis is on communicative, contextualized learning.
Emphasis is on community activities and social participation.
Emphasis is on community assessment, health education, program planning and evaluation.
Emphasis is on community assessment, health education, program planning, and evaluation.
Emphasis is on community based and low cost, practical activities.
Emphasis is on community research, including field study of Worcester.
Emphasis is on community.
Emphasis is on comparative analysis of the colonial experience in Asia, Africa, and Latin America.
Emphasis is on compensation, ethics, and performance measures in the public sector.
Emphasis is on competition.
Emphasis is on completing the Policy Analysis Exercise, which is the principal seminar requirement.
Emphasis is on completion of a professional portfolio of highly finished comps.
Emphasis is on complex endeavors that take several class sessions to finish.
Emphasis is on complex gramatical structures.
Emphasis is on complex stage combat techniques and choreography.
Emphasis is on complying with federal and state anti-discrimination statutes.
Emphasis is on complying with standard directives.
Emphasis is on components, system control techniques, logic, system analysis and design.
Emphasis is on components, system control techniques, logic, system analysis, and design.
Emphasis is on composing melodies, constructing phrases, and harmonizing in four parts.
Emphasis is on composition and design using various media.
Emphasis is on composition skills, oral communication and literature.
Emphasis is on composition, color theory and personal expression.
Emphasis is on composition, writing of short essays, and short stories.
Emphasis is on compositional organization, mechanics and the effective presentation of the former.
Emphasis is on compounds of interest in health and the environment.
Emphasis is on comprehension in first-quarter Spanish.
Emphasis is on comprehensive hands-on experience.
Emphasis is on comprehensive holistic assessment.
Emphasis is on comprehensive mastery of concepts, problem solving, and development of lab skills.
Emphasis is on comprehensive school health education programs.
Emphasis is on comprehensive theory and laboratory practices and current treatment modalities.
Emphasis is on compression issues, sampling, synchronizing, and resource management.
Emphasis is on computation and application.
Emphasis is on computational and analytical techniques for the simulations of fields and waves.
Emphasis is on computational and problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is on computational mathematics.
Emphasis is on computational skills, ideas, and problem-solving rather than mathematical theory.
Emphasis is on computer applications and numerical methods.
Emphasis is on computer applications in descriptive and predictive statistics.
Emphasis is on computer hardware and software applications for the individual user.
Emphasis is on computer models and forecasting financial variables.
Emphasis is on computer players of classic strategy games.
Emphasis is on computer science topics, such as software development.
Emphasis is on computer software utilization for designing products.
Emphasis is on computer solutions of business statistical applications.
Emphasis is on computer-aided drafting.
Emphasis is on computerized videoanalysis technique.
Emphasis is on computer-oriented systems.
Emphasis is on concept of immediate supervision or personal leadership.
Emphasis is on concepts and application of mechanics and materials.
Emphasis is on concepts and applications.
Emphasis is on concepts and calculation.
Emphasis is on concepts and factual knowledge.
Emphasis is on concepts and their application.
Emphasis is on concepts in statistics.
Emphasis is on concepts of knowledge, reality, and ethics.
Emphasis is on concepts of natural rights, justice, fredom and responsibility.
Emphasis is on concepts of statistics.
Emphasis is on concepts rather than on manipulative skills.
Emphasis is on concepts rather than technical details.
Emphasis is on concepts related to figure, landscape and non-objective paintings.
Emphasis is on concepts, campaigns, and producing graphics for the student s portfolio.
Emphasis is on concepts, experimental design, and research strategies.
Emphasis is on concepts, illustrated with examples based on the properties of real materials.
Emphasis is on concepts, resources, and literature.
Emphasis is on concepts, structure and aesthetic issues.
Emphasis is on conceptual and compositional similarities and differences between the arts.
Emphasis is on conceptual and creative processes.
Emphasis is on conceptual and technical achievement.
Emphasis is on conceptual and visual problems in graphic design.
Emphasis is on conceptual development and numerical problem solving.
Emphasis is on conceptual growth and individual instruction.
Emphasis is on conceptual growth through individual instruction.
Emphasis is on conceptual thinking and quantitative problem solving.
Emphasis is on conceptual understanding and problem solving.
Emphasis is on conceptual understanding rather than computation.
Emphasis is on conceptual understanding.
Emphasis is on conceptualizing and producing effective multimedia presentations.
Emphasis is on conceptualizing and producing effective multimedia.
Emphasis is on conceptualizing and the development of a personal problem-solving methodology.
Emphasis is on conceptualizing human problems as they are related to the functioning of systems.
Emphasis is on conceptualizing problems, analyzing and interpreting quantitative information.
Emphasis is on concise presentation of novel information.
Emphasis is on concrete and asphalt inspection.
Emphasis is on conditioning, bag work, sparring, and competing.
Emphasis is on conditioning, technique, discipline, attitude and self-defense.
Emphasis is on conducting site evaluations waste audits and program monitoring.
Emphasis is on connections to the real world and to various mathematical strands.
Emphasis is on consistent execution of proper technique in footwork, angles and stickwork.
Emphasis is on consistent good quality.
Emphasis is on constraints in certain diseased states.
Emphasis is on construction methodologies for minimizing patient risks and owner liability.
Emphasis is on construction methods of bioorganic molecular models for biochemical processes.
Emphasis is on construction of file organizations and retrieval methods for accessing the database.
Emphasis is on construction of models that can be analyzed through spreadsheet programs.
Emphasis is on construction of standard, portable programs and responsible programming practices.
Emphasis is on construction, composition, understanding of color and the application of paint.
Emphasis is on construction, mixing of color, and paint qualities.
Emphasis is on constructive criticism.
Emphasis is on consultation, integration, prevention, and collaboration.
Emphasis is on consumer publications.
Emphasis is on contact lenses while providing complete, quality optometric care.
Emphasis is on contaminant migration in the subsurface and mathematical modeling and analysis.
Emphasis is on contemporary American society.
Emphasis is on contemporary and modern art.
Emphasis is on contemporary case studies in a theoretical context.
Emphasis is on contemporary education.
Emphasis is on contemporary films from China and Japan.
Emphasis is on contemporary issues affecting nursing and health care.
Emphasis is on contemporary issues in modern fiction and non-fiction.
Emphasis is on contemporary issues of dependency, revolution and cultural identity.
Emphasis is on contemporary issues of global relevance affecting nursing and health care.
Emphasis is on contemporary materials, but no restriction is placed on older, valuable material.
Emphasis is on contemporary materials, but relevant historical materials are collected as well.
Emphasis is on contemporary materials.
Emphasis is on contemporary media language.
Emphasis is on contemporary methods and technology.
Emphasis is on contemporary movement.
Emphasis is on contemporary practice.
Emphasis is on contemporary print and non-print materials for public library collections.
Emphasis is on contemporary research and clinical literature.
Emphasis is on contemporary technological innovations and proper resource allocation.
Emphasis is on contemporary topics of diasporic culture, identity, and globalization.
Emphasis is on content and clarity.
Emphasis is on content and skills development and character education.
Emphasis is on content common to the senior level courses.
Emphasis is on content design and production management.
Emphasis is on content rather than feeling.
Emphasis is on content, terminology, design, and style.
Emphasis is on content.
Emphasis is on context free grammars, parse tree and parsing techniques.
Emphasis is on contextualized theology and contemporary situations in cross-cultural churches.
Emphasis is on continental drift.
Emphasis is on continental lithosphere.
Emphasis is on contingent skills for effective intervention as a neutral third party in disputes.
Emphasis is on continuing development of library skills and writing skills.
Emphasis is on continuum processes.
Emphasis is on contraception and topics suitable for younger women.
Emphasis is on contract law and related sports law topics.
Emphasis is on contract, tort, antitrust, and labor law.
Emphasis is on contracts as related to business functions.
Emphasis is on contracts, sales, and commercial papers.
Emphasis is on control and engineering principles.
Emphasis is on control methods and pesticide safety.
Emphasis is on control of pain and symptoms.
Emphasis is on controlling and modifying the conditions of the classroom.
Emphasis is on conversation and communicative activities.
Emphasis is on conversation and speech technique.
Emphasis is on conversation and the language of everyday life.
Emphasis is on conversation and vocabulary-building with a minimum of grammar.
Emphasis is on conversation in pastoral settings.
Emphasis is on conversation, and teachers and non-teachers alike are helpful.
Emphasis is on conversation, but attention is also given to grammatical structure.
Emphasis is on conversation, culture, reading short stories and writing compositions.
Emphasis is on conversation, reading, and oral comprehension.
Emphasis is on conversation, using vocabulary and structure needed for basic communication.
Emphasis is on conversation.
Emphasis is on conversational fluency.
Emphasis is on conversational skill through oral and audio-lingual practice.
Emphasis is on conversational skills and grammatical structure.
Emphasis is on conversational skills except where noted.
Emphasis is on conversational skills.
Emphasis is on converting a manual accounting system to a computerized system.
Emphasis is on conveying an idea photographically, using advanced darkroom techniques.
Emphasis is on cooking foods properly.
Emphasis is on cooking vegan and vegetarian meals with natural, whole foods.
Emphasis is on cooperation and communication, problem solving, and self-discipline.
Emphasis is on coordinating tasks and resources required for effective program implementation.
Emphasis is on coordination and the problems which frequently arise in recovery operations.
Emphasis is on coordination of care for client aggregates and health care personnel.
Emphasis is on copy reading and headline writing.
Emphasis is on copy writing for the various media.
Emphasis is on coral reef and soft-bottom benthic habitats.
Emphasis is on corporate strategy.
Emphasis is on corporations, fund-flow and interpretation of financial statements.
Emphasis is on correct alignment and postures.
Emphasis is on correct alignment and precise control to result in improved flexibility and strength.
Emphasis is on correct expression, vocabulary acquisition, and reading facility.
Emphasis is on correct expression, vocabulary, and reading facility.
Emphasis is on correct form and posture.
Emphasis is on correct interpretation of the output to draw meaningful conclusions.
Emphasis is on correct rendering through studies of value, color, form, and line.
Emphasis is on correct style, strong musical collaboration, and learning new scores rapidly.
Emphasis is on correct technique and basic-decision making.
Emphasis is on correct use of breathing and focus.
Emphasis is on corrective actions.
Emphasis is on correctness and elegance .
Emphasis is on correlations between morphological and biochemical specializations.
Emphasis is on correspondence, job applications, memoranda and short reports.
Emphasis is on cost-effectiveness, preventive medicine, practical skills learning, etc.
Emphasis is on costume and makeup rather than props or scenery.
Emphasis is on counseling skills in a closely supervised setting.
Emphasis is on country swing.
Emphasis is on coupled design of systems with tight interdisciplinary interactions and tradeoffs.
Emphasis is on course organization and explanation.
Emphasis is on course organization and explanations.
Emphasis is on course projects.
Emphasis is on covering a particular beat.
Emphasis is on craft, process, and product.
Emphasis is on craft.
Emphasis is on crafting well-conceived strategies and on successful strategy implementation.
Emphasis is on craftsmanship and attention to design.
Emphasis is on craftsmanship, creativity, experimentation, and technique.
Emphasis is on creating a completely different spatial problem to solve compositionally.
Emphasis is on creating a discriminating and sensitive listening and analysis procedure.
Emphasis is on creating a portfolio of images.
Emphasis is on creating a safe space where questions and concerns can be addressed.
Emphasis is on creating a solid math foundation in a wide variety of areas .
Emphasis is on creating and implementing opportunities for positive leisure experiences.
Emphasis is on creating opportunities to work rather than just providing services to develop skills.
Emphasis is on creating play areas that protect children from injury.
Emphasis is on creating security and fire safety procedures awareness.
Emphasis is on creating, editing, formatting, and printing documents.
Emphasis is on creation of production drawings for engineering and architectural professions.
Emphasis is on creation of vessels.
Emphasis is on creative and technical abilities.
Emphasis is on creative content, experimentation and independent thinking.
Emphasis is on creative design and craftsmanship.
Emphasis is on creative expression and development of technical skills.
Emphasis is on creative movement and enjoyment of dance.
Emphasis is on creative movements, basics of ballet, and enjoyment of dance.
Emphasis is on creative problem solving in media commu-nications.
Emphasis is on creative problem solving on an individual basis.
Emphasis is on creative shaping, carving and drilling of semi-precious stones.
Emphasis is on creative solutions to measurement or process estimation problems.
Emphasis is on creative thinking and use of economic information for decision making.
Emphasis is on creative use as well as technical development.
Emphasis is on creative vision and using advanced camera and darkroom techniques.
Emphasis is on creativity and innovation.
Emphasis is on creativity and originality.
Emphasis is on creativity and problem solving as it relates to the automotive and diesel industry.
Emphasis is on creativity in total interior design coordination and problem-solving.
Emphasis is on creativity, responsibility and effort.
Emphasis is on creativity.
Emphasis is on crisis theory and techniques in complex nursing situations.
Emphasis is on critical analysis and communication across areas of policy studies.
Emphasis is on critical analysis and interpretation of scientific literature.
Emphasis is on critical analysis of applied literature.
Emphasis is on critical analysis of communication in contemporary society.
Emphasis is on critical analysis of research methods applicable to nursing problems.
Emphasis is on critical analysis, creative writing, and oral presentations of various topics.
Emphasis is on critical assessment of public speaking.
Emphasis is on critical points of view.
Emphasis is on critical reading and thoughtful discussion.
Emphasis is on critical reading of research papers and classroom discussion.
Emphasis is on critical reading of the literature beyond the basic texts.
Emphasis is on critical reading, sentence combining, oral exchange, and paragraph writing.
Emphasis is on critical theory.
Emphasis is on critical thinking and a rational approach to problems in experimental biology.
Emphasis is on critical thinking and legal analysis.
Emphasis is on critical thinking and problem solving in an interactive learning environment.
Emphasis is on critical thinking and the integration of new information and competencies.
Emphasis is on critical thinking skills.
Emphasis is on critical thinking to achieve selected client outcomes.
Emphasis is on critical thinking to achieve selected patient outcomes.
Emphasis is on critical thinking, analytical writing and integrative understanding.
Emphasis is on critical thinking, argument from sources, written and oral presentation.
Emphasis is on critical thinking, prioritizing, and decision making.
Emphasis is on critical thinking, problem solving, and oral communication skills.
Emphasis is on critical thinking, problem-solving, and oral communication skills.
Emphasis is on critical thinking, unifying concepts, scientific writing, and the scientific method.
Emphasis is on critical thinking.
Emphasis is on critical treatment of film figures.
Emphasis is on critical understanding of concepts as exhibited in oral and written exercises.
Emphasis is on critical writing about literature, including interpretation, analysis and evaluation.
Emphasis is on cross-cultural analysis of the aspects of culture.
Emphasis is on cross-cultural perception of development.
Emphasis is on cross-discipline collaboration and teamwork in group projects.
Emphasis is on cultivating and sustaining and inner calm throughout the challenging practice.
Emphasis is on cultural development.
Emphasis is on cultural differences in parenting.
Emphasis is on cultural forms as adaptations to the biocultural environment.
Emphasis is on cultural patterns and contemporary issues of the region.
Emphasis is on cultural regions of the United States and Canada.
Emphasis is on cultural requirements and uses in various landscape settings.
Emphasis is on cultural understanding and appropriate language use.
Emphasis is on cultural understanding as an avenue to increased proficiency in the Spanish language.
Emphasis is on culturally sensitive holistic methods.
Emphasis is on culture, basic pronunciation, practical vocabulary and idiomatic expressions.
Emphasis is on current advances in reproductive biology.
Emphasis is on current and developing formats.
Emphasis is on current and upcoming nutrition issues in the community.
Emphasis is on current developments in accounting theory.
Emphasis is on current developments, data interpretation and critical analysis.
Emphasis is on current developments.
Emphasis is on current directions in theories of crime.
Emphasis is on current documents with important earlier material obtained when possible.
Emphasis is on current environmental events.
Emphasis is on current evaluation theory and methodology, with application to counseling programs.
Emphasis is on current events and recent trends in the real estate field.
Emphasis is on current events including politics, economics and social trends.
Emphasis is on current events.
Emphasis is on current health issues such as nutrition, mental health, and fitness.
Emphasis is on current imprints with retrospective acquisitions to fill in gaps in the collection.
Emphasis is on current issues in the operation of the international financial system.
Emphasis is on current issues.
Emphasis is on current journal literature.
Emphasis is on current literature, invited speakers, etc., rather than textbooks.
Emphasis is on current materials and significant older core works.
Emphasis is on current materials.
Emphasis is on current news and legal and business information.
Emphasis is on current organization problems, opportunities and trends.
Emphasis is on current practices utilized in sugar cane operations.
Emphasis is on current problems and research.
Emphasis is on current problems related to geographic factors.
Emphasis is on current pronouncements and the researching of accounting issues.
Emphasis is on current publications in the academic finance literature.
Emphasis is on current research and what remains to be discovered in man as a moving being.
Emphasis is on current research in arts and technology.
Emphasis is on current research on press performance and reporting of public affairs.
Emphasis is on current research.
Emphasis is on current sculptural applications and the work of contemporary sculptors.
Emphasis is on current topics in cutting edge research, as presented in recent journal literature.
Emphasis is on current trends in the curriculum.
Emphasis is on current usages in modern Hebrew.
Emphasis is on current, comprehensive information from authoritative sources.
Emphasis is on current, English language materials.
Emphasis is on current, recently published books.
Emphasis is on currently developing trends.
Emphasis is on curricular-specific items rather than general interest materials.
Emphasis is on curriculum design and class preparation.
Emphasis is on curriculum design, teaching strategies, and evaluation.
Emphasis is on curriculum theory and practice.
Emphasis is on curriculum, health, safety, discipline, teen parenting, schools, and education.
Emphasis is on custom residential and small commercial projects.
Emphasis is on customer relations, professional customer service and workplace readiness skills.
Emphasis is on customer service.
Emphasis is on customized supply to customer's specific needs and situation.
Emphasis is on cut and lots of layering of fabrics mainly linen, organza and chiffon.
Emphasis is on cytoplasmic and nuclear events and functions of specific organelles.
Emphasis is on dance as a participatory art form.
Emphasis is on dance as a spectator event in relationship to other art forms.
Emphasis is on data analysis and file manipulation.
Emphasis is on data analysis and the use of results to inform practice.
Emphasis is on data fusion, data mining, and visualization of sonar and magnetic field data.
Emphasis is on data gathering, conjecture, and validation.
Emphasis is on data grouping.
Emphasis is on data representation and algorithm analysis.
Emphasis is on data structure and design for building robust and flexible data repositories.
Emphasis is on data, as opposed to voice transmission.
Emphasis is on database concepts and applications as well as data communications concepts.
Emphasis is on date testing.
Emphasis is on day and night operation in inland and coastal waters in any weather.
Emphasis is on deadline writing, enterprise, story development, sourcing and analytical skills.
Emphasis is on decision making as a learning activity in a context of transformational uncertainty.
Emphasis is on decision making based on quantitative analysis.
Emphasis is on decision making groups and individuals using information technology.
Emphasis is on decision making in the face of changing conditions.
Emphasis is on decision making involving market and venture uncertainty.
Emphasis is on decision making through the extensive use of cases.
Emphasis is on decision making.
Emphasis is on decision-making and personal responsibility for lifelong wellness.
Emphasis is on decision-making in a marketing context.
Emphasis is on decision-making in the face of changing conditions.
Emphasis is on decision-making skills.
Emphasis is on decision-making using cases, simulation, and computer analyses.
Emphasis is on decoding, comprehension, and structure of the English language.
Emphasis is on deductive and inductive reasoning in the solutions of proofs.
Emphasis is on deepening the understanding and ability to use advanced methods of analysis.
Emphasis is on defining and experiencing the role of theatre in society.
Emphasis is on defining problems in order to correctly specify designs.
Emphasis is on defining, creating, editing, sorting and printing of databases.
Emphasis is on deforestation, changing land use, and recent climate changes.
Emphasis is on delivery of continuity of care in a constantly-changing environment.
Emphasis is on dependability, attitude, professional judgement, and practical cosmetology skills.
Emphasis is on depth of understanding rather than on the quantity of material.
Emphasis is on deriving prices from production standards and hourly rates.
Emphasis is on describing the art and science of engineering.
Emphasis is on description of algortihms.
Emphasis is on descriptive biological, physical, chemical, and geological marine science.
Emphasis is on descriptive statistics, estimation, linear regression, and contingency tables.
Emphasis is on descriptive writing and on use of data to interpret origin of rocks.
Emphasis is on design analysis, operations, and event management.
Emphasis is on design and analysis of experiments.
Emphasis is on design and composition and experimental techniques in different media.
Emphasis is on design and decoration.
Emphasis is on design and documentation.
Emphasis is on design and drawing skills before the designs are applied on the body.
Emphasis is on design and execution of exploratory investigations.
Emphasis is on design and implementation of robots in industrial applications.
Emphasis is on design and individual explorations with materials.
Emphasis is on design and manufacture of simple jigs and fixtures.
Emphasis is on design methodologies.
Emphasis is on design of digital controllers for dynamic systems.
Emphasis is on design of effective graphics and imagery for print and electronic publication.
Emphasis is on design of effective graphics for visual communication.
Emphasis is on design of heat transfer equipment.
Emphasis is on design of high-speed, parallel arithmetic units using binary numbers.
Emphasis is on design of timber structures.
Emphasis is on design principles and material handling.
Emphasis is on design, promotion, merchant organization, and economic restructuring.
Emphasis is on design, typography, and production.
Emphasis is on design.
Emphasis is on designing and developing maintainable software.
Emphasis is on designing exercise programs with or without equipment.
Emphasis is on designing macro systems and debugging techniques.
Emphasis is on designing programs for academic, behavior, and social changes.
Emphasis is on designing Web-based distributed applications, using components.
Emphasis is on designs of urban flood channels using the concept of multiple design events.
Emphasis is on detailed dissection of the extremities, with a minor focus on clinical applications.
Emphasis is on detailed instruction in all phases of engine machining and blueprinting procedures.
Emphasis is on details throughout.
Emphasis is on detection, prevention.
Emphasis is on determining the strengths and weaknesses of the student's program.
Emphasis is on developing a basic understanding of organizational structure and processes.
Emphasis is on developing a coherent, objective assessment of policy issues.
Emphasis is on developing a comprehensive business plan.
Emphasis is on developing a critical awareness of how images convey meaning.
Emphasis is on developing a global perspective.
Emphasis is on developing a knowledge base of pathophysiological and psychopathological processes.
Emphasis is on developing a landscape portfolio.
Emphasis is on developing a level of understanding and comfort.
Emphasis is on developing a level of writing suitable for publication in one such specialized area.
Emphasis is on developing a personal fitness program based on sound physiological principles.
Emphasis is on developing a portfolio of prints.
Emphasis is on developing a proposal to conduct an individual research project.
Emphasis is on developing a sense of structure through line, form and texture.
Emphasis is on developing a six-month dollar plan and a business plan.
Emphasis is on developing academic skills in listening and speaking.
Emphasis is on developing advanced proficiency techniques.
Emphasis is on developing an active lifestyle with a lifetime of personal enjoyment.
Emphasis is on developing analytical tools useful in the social sciences.
Emphasis is on developing and experiencing creative activities for the classroom.
Emphasis is on developing and implementing proper procedures to ensure professional results.
Emphasis is on developing and interpreting information for business research and decision making.
Emphasis is on developing and interpreting information for managerial decision making.
Emphasis is on developing and practicing technical skills related to the field.
Emphasis is on developing and presenting rigorous and formal arguments.
Emphasis is on developing and refining competitive stroke and skill techniques.
Emphasis is on developing and refining one's dancing style while incorporating new moves learned.
Emphasis is on developing and supervising small unit missions.
Emphasis is on developing and sustaining a meaningful prayer life.
Emphasis is on developing and understanding of the marketing process.
Emphasis is on developing applications of behavioral concepts and methods for marketing actions.
Emphasis is on developing basic personal computer skills.
Emphasis is on developing basic writing skills for print, broadcast and on-line applications.
Emphasis is on developing basic writing skills.
Emphasis is on developing clinical competence required for certification in gerontological nursing.
Emphasis is on developing clinical competence required in delivering primary health care.
Emphasis is on developing communication skills.
Emphasis is on developing correct techniques and basic keyboarding skills.
Emphasis is on developing countries.
Emphasis is on developing differential diagnostic skills.
Emphasis is on developing discrete parameter models of real structures.
Emphasis is on developing each student's maximum potential for work.
Emphasis is on developing effective company publications, especially newsletters.
Emphasis is on developing enduring personal remedial strategies.
Emphasis is on developing exemplary attitudes in three-dimensional design and expertise in the shop.
Emphasis is on developing familiarity with instrumentation circuits.
Emphasis is on developing fluency and accuracy in the written language.
Emphasis is on developing fluency in writing and speaking.
Emphasis is on developing form and pattern.
Emphasis is on developing fully integrated marketing programs.
Emphasis is on developing fundamental oral and written vocabulary and grammar.
Emphasis is on developing generalist social work practice skills.
Emphasis is on developing good work habits and quality printing.
Emphasis is on developing healthy lifetime changes in eating and exercise behaviors.
Emphasis is on developing honesty, ease and expressiveness in musical theater performance.
Emphasis is on developing improvisation skills and the ability to sing jazz harmonies.
Emphasis is on developing improvisation skills.
Emphasis is on developing individual technique.
Emphasis is on developing instructional strategies appropriate for the medium.
Emphasis is on developing integrated oral and written skills in English.
Emphasis is on developing knowledge and a personal massage style.
Emphasis is on developing Latin American musicians to use indigenous music in national churches.
Emphasis is on developing listening, speaking, reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is on developing literacy and adapting literacy curriculum to individual needs.
Emphasis is on developing managerial decision-making skills.
Emphasis is on developing map-making skills using a variety of instruments and techniques.
Emphasis is on developing map-making skills, using a variety of instruments and techniques.
Emphasis is on developing marketing strategies for target markets.
Emphasis is on developing masonry skills to accepted trade standards.
Emphasis is on developing methods to present artistic concepts coherently.
Emphasis is on developing multimedia programs customized to the client's needs.
Emphasis is on developing observation, interaction and mediation skills.
Emphasis is on developing observation, interaction, and mediation skills.
Emphasis is on developing organizational and problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is on developing paddling skills, reading water, and managing equipment.
Emphasis is on developing perceptual skills through sequential class projects.
Emphasis is on developing personal imagery and techniques.
Emphasis is on developing perspective.
Emphasis is on developing perspectives.
Emphasis is on developing portfolios for art schools and colleges.
Emphasis is on developing power, speed, and control.
Emphasis is on developing predictive capability for currents.
Emphasis is on developing product specs and beta testing products.
Emphasis is on developing professional knowledge.
Emphasis is on developing proficiency in active skills, i.e., speaking and writing.
Emphasis is on developing proficiency in the productive skills of writing and speaking.
Emphasis is on developing programming skills required to analyze practical problems.
Emphasis is on developing reading strategies and building vocabulary.
Emphasis is on developing regions.
Emphasis is on developing remote detection systems and diagnostic techniques.
Emphasis is on developing self awareness and on strategies for advanced nursing practice.
Emphasis is on developing single-paragraph essays with correct sentence structure.
Emphasis is on developing skill at formulating, presenting, and evaluating arguments.
Emphasis is on developing skills and having fun.
Emphasis is on developing skills and understanding of form, color, and composition.
Emphasis is on developing skills fundamental to both workplace and academic writing.
Emphasis is on developing skills in a variety of forms.
Emphasis is on developing skills in oral communication through performance.
Emphasis is on developing skills in personal and family financial management.
Emphasis is on developing skills in technique and creative patterning.
Emphasis is on developing skills in the use of oriental hand tools and cooking equipment.
Emphasis is on developing skills needed to provide stimulating early care and education.
Emphasis is on developing skills to assist the client in activities of daily living.
Emphasis is on developing solo parts.
Emphasis is on developing speaking, debate, and internet research skills.
Emphasis is on developing speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Emphasis is on developing speed and accuracy.
Emphasis is on developing strong communication skills.
Emphasis is on developing students' understanding of both the past and present.
Emphasis is on developing successful presentation skills.
Emphasis is on developing sustainable communities.
Emphasis is on developing technical facility and creative expression in the use of the medium.
Emphasis is on developing technical proficiency and musical skills.
Emphasis is on developing the creative abilities of the designer.
Emphasis is on developing the skills and insights which characterize scientific perspectives.
Emphasis is on developing the skills necessary to evaluate critically the scientific literature.
Emphasis is on developing the skills necessary to perform complex repairs.
Emphasis is on developing the speaker's ability to present original subject matter.
Emphasis is on developing the student's ability to identify both style and significant musicians.
Emphasis is on developing the student's ability to provide secondary preventive care.
Emphasis is on developing the student's ability to provide tertiary preventive care.
Emphasis is on developing the touch system for both speed and accuracy.
Emphasis is on developing the visual narrative.
Emphasis is on developing troubleshooting and problem solving skills.
Emphasis is on developing understanding of and compositional experience with larger musical forms.
Emphasis is on developing useful communication skills.
Emphasis is on developing ways to make reading a lifetime involvement.
Emphasis is on developing writing and analytic skills.
Emphasis is on developing written and oral skills.
Emphasis is on developing written linguistic ability.
Emphasis is on developing, analyzing, and interpreting mathematical models.
Emphasis is on development across the life span.
Emphasis is on development and completion of a marketing research project.
Emphasis is on development and implementation of information systems in varied settings.
Emphasis is on development of applications.
Emphasis is on development of basic skills in visual expression.
Emphasis is on development of children from prenatal to age five.
Emphasis is on development of communication skills and analysis of current research areas.
Emphasis is on development of competence in roles of consultant, researcher, manager.
Emphasis is on development of competence in roles of provider of care, collaborator, educator.
Emphasis is on development of creativity and critical thinking skills.
Emphasis is on development of design as related to two-dimensional art.
Emphasis is on development of faith, self-esteem and teamwork in a caring, Christian community.
Emphasis is on development of fictional technique and individual styles.
Emphasis is on development of ideas and technical skills.
Emphasis is on development of ideas through variation using mostly monoprinting techniques.
Emphasis is on development of independent media in the former Soviet Union.
Emphasis is on development of interpersonal skills used in the workplace.
Emphasis is on development of management technologies to protect water and air quality.
Emphasis is on development of personal direction in artistic development.
Emphasis is on development of professional-level elements for inclusion in the students' portfolios.
Emphasis is on development of programming skills and efficiency.
Emphasis is on development of programs related to business data base applications.
Emphasis is on development of properties of arithmetic.
Emphasis is on development of reasoning ability as well as manipulative techniques.
Emphasis is on development of research proposals and preparation of manuscripts for publication.
Emphasis is on development of research skills.
Emphasis is on development of school age children.
Emphasis is on development of skills and concepts.
Emphasis is on development of specialized skills and self-direction.
Emphasis is on development of strategies to effectively address health problems of minorities.
Emphasis is on development of the student s own ideas and methodology.
Emphasis is on developmental activities, safety, teaching methods, and planning.
Emphasis is on developmental and molecular research.
Emphasis is on developmental disabilities.
Emphasis is on developmental needs and influences.
Emphasis is on developmental tasks which adolescents face in their different roles.
Emphasis is on developments in current literature.
Emphasis is on developments in the post-war period, including questions of reunification.
Emphasis is on device characteristics and continued practice with electrical circuit laws.
Emphasis is on devices, circuits, gating methods and power quality.
Emphasis is on diagnosing and managing chronic health problems of clients in the hospital setting.
Emphasis is on diagnosing and repairing video equipment in the laboratory.
Emphasis is on diagnosis and management of client problems.
Emphasis is on diagnosis and prescription writing.
Emphasis is on diagnosis and repair coupled with customer relations.
Emphasis is on diagnosis of diseases and disease management .
Emphasis is on diagnostic and treatment planning issues.
Emphasis is on diagnostic assessment, presentation of cases and clear clinical write-ups.
Emphasis is on diagnostic characteristics of diseases and the interpretation of common findings.
Emphasis is on diagnostic studies and laboratory, radiology, and pathology reports.
Emphasis is on diagnostics and assessment, evaluation of cases, case management, and documentation.
Emphasis is on dictation and sight singing.
Emphasis is on diction, clarity, and conciseness.
Emphasis is on digital circuits, though it also is just as applicable to analog.
Emphasis is on digital communication, computer networks and computer security.
Emphasis is on digital electronics and electronic careers.
Emphasis is on direct application of electronics measuring concepts and electronics fabrication.
Emphasis is on direct experience with the works of art.
Emphasis is on direct instruction leading to repeated successful experiences with English.
Emphasis is on direct instruction of functional skills.
Emphasis is on direct interaction and involvement.
Emphasis is on direct observation and accurate representation of the life model.
Emphasis is on direct observation of what animals do in wild and captive situations.
Emphasis is on direct observation, mental imagery and sketching based on three-dimensional space.
Emphasis is on direct patient care in the preparation of women and men for a career in nursing.
Emphasis is on discipline and retraining.
Emphasis is on disciplines related to marketing and finance.
Emphasis is on discovery through a hands-on approach.
Emphasis is on discretion and judgment.
Emphasis is on discretization techniques that retain the essential physics of the problem.
Emphasis is on discussing and evaluating urban policies aimed at reducing poverty.
Emphasis is on discussion and writing.
Emphasis is on discussion of and writing about characteristics and themes of the works.
Emphasis is on discussion of the student's work in a workshop environment.
Emphasis is on discussion, papers, and in-class presentations rather than on quizzes and exams.
Emphasis is on discussion, papers, and in-class presentations rather than on quizzes or exams.
Emphasis is on discussions and writings pertaining to philosophical inquiry into physical education.
Emphasis is on disease and stress ailments particular to women of our ever-changing world.
Emphasis is on disease entities and disorders commonly encountered by physical therapists.
Emphasis is on disease prevention and the individual's role in maintaining their good health.
Emphasis is on diseases and disorders, their diagnoses, treatment and prevention.
Emphasis is on diseases and disorders, their diagnosis, treatment and prevention.
Emphasis is on distance course design and instructional skills rather than equipment operation.
Emphasis is on distinguishing normal variants from pathological changes across the lifespan.
Emphasis is on distinguishing normal variants from pathological changes.
Emphasis is on diverse areas of business law with articles written by students and outside authors.
Emphasis is on diverse populations in urban areas.
Emphasis is on document formatting and spreadsheet functions.
Emphasis is on dog breed rescue, but all sorts of animal rescue organizations are represented.
Emphasis is on doing one's best, cooperation and teamwork.
Emphasis is on doing whatever it takes to maximize safety performance.
Emphasis is on dosage calculations, obtaining lab specimens, and performing diagnostic tests.
Emphasis is on drawing as a contemporary art medium.
Emphasis is on drawing real objects in life-like situations.
Emphasis is on drawing skills, composition, analysis of action, and the human structure.
Emphasis is on drawing techniques, media, and graphic principles.
Emphasis is on drawing the cartoon head and figure.
Emphasis is on drawing the fashion figure from live models and photo references.
Emphasis is on drawing the model within the environment.
Emphasis is on drill and practice of interpreting and comparing equivalent forms.
Emphasis is on drill development, principals of learning skills, resources and ethics.
Emphasis is on drills that the open canoeist can do to vastly improve boating skills.
Emphasis is on driving skills and safety procedures.
Emphasis is on drug actions, routes of administration, dosage calculation, and adverse reactions.
Emphasis is on dry media such as pastels, markers and colored pencils.
Emphasis is on dub, the highly reverberant offshoot of reggae.
Emphasis is on due process, tort liability, teacher contracts, pupil personnel, and desegregation.
Emphasis is on Dutch art.
Emphasis is on dying and death in American society, but a cross-cultural perspective is included.
Emphasis is on dynamics and emission processes.
Emphasis is on dynamics of change from individual through organizational levels.
Emphasis is on dysfunction at the cellular, tissue, and organ levels.
Emphasis is on each method s strategic and financial advantages.
Emphasis is on each method's strategic and financial advantages.
Emphasis is on each student's practical application of the insights derived.
Emphasis is on early developmental issues, both normal and abnormal.
Emphasis is on early intervention and prevention.
Emphasis is on early intervention.
Emphasis is on early life history of fishes.
Emphasis is on ease of use and customization.
Emphasis is on ease of use and interactivity.
Emphasis is on ease of use.
Emphasis is on easy to use and visualised representation of the information.
Emphasis is on ecologically sound and economically feasible methods.
Emphasis is on economic and political events in Latin America.
Emphasis is on economic and regulatory issues.
Emphasis is on economic applications rather than statistical theory.
Emphasis is on economic aspects of polities.
Emphasis is on economic organization and policy.
Emphasis is on economic organization, structural change, fluctuations and growth.
Emphasis is on economic security needs, human behaviors and the problems related to premature death.
Emphasis is on economic variables of price, demand, and supply.
Emphasis is on economic, social, political and aesthetic implications.
Emphasis is on economics and politics.
Emphasis is on eddy current inspection of in-service aircraft components.
Emphasis is on editing for correct grammar, punctuation, and style.
Emphasis is on editorial aspects of newspaper production.
Emphasis is on educating self and others.
Emphasis is on education and entertainment.
Emphasis is on education and practical experience.
Emphasis is on education in the community and the business sector.
Emphasis is on education in the latter half of the twentieth century and beyond.
Emphasis is on education in the twentieth century.
Emphasis is on education of techniques to prevent repetitive stress disorders.
Emphasis is on education, exhibits and a library.
Emphasis is on education, including the culture, history, and preservation of the area.
Emphasis is on education, production, marketing, credit, organization, and policy.
Emphasis is on education, rather than on solving specific research problems.
Emphasis is on education, treatment and finding a cure for fibromyalgia.
Emphasis is on education.
Emphasis is on educational and entertainment matters of interest to the campus community.
Emphasis is on educational fund raising.
Emphasis is on effect of model results on managerial policy decisions.
Emphasis is on effective articulation and presentation of reasoning and conclusions.
Emphasis is on effective Bible teaching.
Emphasis is on effective clinical decision-making for special populations.
Emphasis is on effective service.
Emphasis is on effective user interfacing as well as microcomputer systems.
Emphasis is on effective waste prevention strategy, products and packaging.
Emphasis is on effective word choice, recognition of sentences and sentence parts, and basic usage.
Emphasis is on effective writing techniques and good programming style.
Emphasis is on effectiveness rather than efficiency.
Emphasis is on effects of secondhand smoke on children.
Emphasis is on efficiency and robustness and all methods are illustrated on data sets.
Emphasis is on efficiency in business programming.
Emphasis is on efficient program design using structured programming methods.
Emphasis is on elderly and minority populations.
Emphasis is on electric, electronic, and pneumatic instruments.
Emphasis is on electrical and electronic drawing symbols and chassis layout.
Emphasis is on electrical engineering, computer science, and information systems.
Emphasis is on electrical measurements, waves, optics and modern physics.
Emphasis is on elementary physics principles.
Emphasis is on elementary techniques of differentiation, as well as applications.
Emphasis is on elementary techniques of integration and various applications.
Emphasis is on elementary terminology for the business community.
Emphasis is on elements of Greek and Shakespearean tragedy.
Emphasis is on eliciting from the students a critical reading of the texts.
Emphasis is on emergency situations and fire fighting and control.
Emphasis is on emergency situations and methods of handling fire fighting and control.
Emphasis is on emerging problems.
Emphasis is on empirical applications and student projects.
Emphasis is on empirical research aimed at testing theories and generating new principles.
Emphasis is on empirical research and appropriate research methodology.
Emphasis is on empirical research.
Emphasis is on empirically validated techniques.
Emphasis is on employee recruitment, selection, training and organizational development.
Emphasis is on employee safety.
Emphasis is on employing successful organizational development program.
Emphasis is on enabling students to think more clearly and reason more precisely.
Emphasis is on enabling the student to effectively integrate technology into instructional settings.
Emphasis is on encouraging a personal connection to the natural world.
Emphasis is on encouraging students to find aspects they can relate to.
Emphasis is on energy, rhythm and articulation.
Emphasis is on engineering applications and the understanding of basic design theory.
Emphasis is on engineering applications.
Emphasis is on engineering design and environmental impacts.
Emphasis is on engineering design integrated with economic principles and fabricating methods.
Emphasis is on engineers with computer industry background and experience.
Emphasis is on English and American literature.
Emphasis is on English and Western dramatists.
Emphasis is on English and Western European playwrights.
Emphasis is on English language materials.
Emphasis is on English, including translations.
Emphasis is on English.
Emphasis is on English-language materials.
Emphasis is on English-language sources.
Emphasis is on English-language texts and translations.
Emphasis is on enhancement of skills in a variety of interpersonal contexts.
Emphasis is on enhancing advanced-level writing skills.
Emphasis is on enhancing communicative skills through sustained conversation in Spanish.
Emphasis is on enhancing present relationships.
Emphasis is on enhancing revenues for existing small businesses.
Emphasis is on enjoying music through active participation.
Emphasis is on enjoyment and creativity rather than focusing on a finished product.
Emphasis is on enjoyment of quality play, exercise, and being with friends.
Emphasis is on ensemble precision, improvisational skills and original composition for jazz bands.
Emphasis is on ensemble skills and style development.
Emphasis is on ensemble work.
Emphasis is on entire systems and their interactions rather than isolated phenomena.
Emphasis is on entry level mastery of all required clinical skills.
Emphasis is on entry-level therapeutic and diagnostic procedures used in respiratory care.
Emphasis is on environmental quality, mechanics of feeding, and using electricity to harvest fish.
Emphasis is on equipment as used in manufacturing, converting and packaging operations.
Emphasis is on equipment reliability, qualification of operators and continued certification.
Emphasis is on error analysis and stability.
Emphasis is on essay composition, research and research writing.
Emphasis is on essay development using a variety of methods.
Emphasis is on essay format and research position papers.
Emphasis is on essay writing.
Emphasis is on essential nutrients, their supply and function.
Emphasis is on establishing a cooperative environment.
Emphasis is on establishing a framework for making financing, investing, and dividend decisions.
Emphasis is on establishing desirable in and out of home behaviors.
Emphasis is on establishing personal control over physical symptoms.
Emphasis is on establishing procedures that ensure high quality candidates and employees.
Emphasis is on ethics and the role of the paralegal in the legal system.
Emphasis is on ethics, patient assessment, patient communication, safety, and preclinical skills.
Emphasis is on etiology and pathogenesis of disease.
Emphasis is on etiology assessment and treatment.
Emphasis is on etiology, diagnosis and approaches to treatment or intervention in the schools.
Emphasis is on etiology, pathogenesis, and epidemiology of human diseases.
Emphasis is on eukaryotes.
Emphasis is on eukaryotic systems and review of pertinent research literature.
Emphasis is on Europe.
Emphasis is on European and American works but some international readings are included.
Emphasis is on European and German history.
Emphasis is on European business and marketing, corporate finance, and computer-based marketing.
Emphasis is on evaluating and integrating instructional software within the standard classroom.
Emphasis is on evaluating and integrating practicum experiences.
Emphasis is on evaluating the reliability and quality of information found.
Emphasis is on evaluation and outcomes modeling.
Emphasis is on evaluation of curricula organization, accuracy, and method.
Emphasis is on evaluation of how work affects people and how people affect the work.
Emphasis is on evaluation of the quality of the films both intra and extra oral.
Emphasis is on evaluation, analysis, and logical thinking.
Emphasis is on evangelism, discipleship, and fun.
Emphasis is on everyday conversation and developing vocabulary.
Emphasis is on everyday conversation and situations confronting travelers.
Emphasis is on everyday vocabulary, structure, and phonetics.
Emphasis is on evolution and the causes of biodiversity in tropical regions.
Emphasis is on evolution of style and form.
Emphasis is on evolutionary and anatomical aspects of various chordate systems and organisms.
Emphasis is on evolutionary genetics and the interpretation of morphological and molecular evidence.
Emphasis is on evolving technologies and trends in business and industry.
Emphasis is on evolving urban systems and the changing spatial organization of people and land use.
Emphasis is on examination and analysis of works of art within specific cultural contexts.
Emphasis is on examination of health planning processes, principles, and concepts.
Emphasis is on examination of the influence of print on social, cultural and intellectual life.
Emphasis is on examining concepts of social organization, value conflicts and personal deviation.
Emphasis is on examining functions symbolically, numerically, graphically, and verbally.
Emphasis is on excellence of performance with helpful criticism being made by the judges.
Emphasis is on excellence of research at the fundamental level.
Emphasis is on exceptional quality and general interest.
Emphasis is on exercises and improvisation, with some scene study.
Emphasis is on exercises for improved body alignment, joint flexibility, muscle tone, and breathing.
Emphasis is on exercises that develop skills in research and writing.
Emphasis is on exhale, inhale is automatic.
Emphasis is on exhibition and research on masterworks of Southern art.
Emphasis is on existing state and federal regulations and precedents.
Emphasis is on exothermic vertebrates, and use of the primary literature is stressed.
Emphasis is on expanded vocabulary and ability to interpret with speed, accuracy, and comprehension.
Emphasis is on expanding note-taking and discussion skills in academic situations.
Emphasis is on expanding single paragraph essays into short essays of three or more paragraphs.
Emphasis is on expansion of vocabulary and reading skills.
Emphasis is on experiences that enhance the materials presented in the class.
Emphasis is on experiential learning, humans learn from experience.
Emphasis is on experiential learning.
Emphasis is on experimental activities or other forms of skill building and audience involvement.
Emphasis is on experimental and theoretical results on the primate brain.
Emphasis is on experimental approaches to understanding concepts in cell biology.
Emphasis is on experimental design, methodology and techniques.
Emphasis is on experimental design, methodology, and techniques.
Emphasis is on experimental evidence regarding group processes.
Emphasis is on experimental methodology, research findings, and theoretical interpretations.
Emphasis is on experimental observations, theories, quantitative models and clinical relevance.
Emphasis is on experimental research.
Emphasis is on experimental techniques, design and composition, and individual expression.
Emphasis is on experimentation and combining media.
Emphasis is on experimentation and dissemination of best practices.
Emphasis is on experimentation and individual creative expression.
Emphasis is on experimentation in the use of drawing techniques, media, and graphic materials.
Emphasis is on experimentation with technique, craftsmanship, originality and expression.
Emphasis is on experimentation with various materials and individual expression.
Emphasis is on experimentation, communication, specification, and production.
Emphasis is on explanation and self-help.
Emphasis is on explanation, self-help and participation during treatment.
Emphasis is on explanations, student difficulties, quality of problems.
Emphasis is on exploitation of immigrant women, feminism, and contrasting cultures.
Emphasis is on exploration for minerals, oil and gas.
Emphasis is on exploration of color and development of student s ideas and methodologies.
Emphasis is on exploring and discussing problems related to the adult world.
Emphasis is on exploring different jazz styles and improvisation techniques.
Emphasis is on exploring non-traditional sports.
Emphasis is on exploring options and consequences of selecting appropriate methodologies.
Emphasis is on exploring post-high school options.
Emphasis is on exploring the role of technology in present and future learning experiences.
Emphasis is on exporting.
Emphasis is on exposing students to the diversity of natural habitats found within New Jersey.
Emphasis is on exposition.
Emphasis is on expository essay writing.
Emphasis is on expository writing.
Emphasis is on exposure to the creative process through direct contact with professional artists.
Emphasis is on exposure, development, printing and aesthetics of photographic vision.
Emphasis is on extending skills in everyday spoken Spanish.
Emphasis is on extending the student's conceptual scheme of teaching.
Emphasis is on extent to which a culture feels threatened or is anxious about ambiguity.
Emphasis is on extracting, understanding, and remembering information from content area textbooks.
Emphasis is on fabric manipulation and design creation.
Emphasis is on fabricating removable dental prosthesis on practical laboratory models.
Emphasis is on facilitating the student's transition into professional nursing practice.
Emphasis is on fact-based discussion of types of drugs, their effects, and consequences of use.
Emphasis is on factors affecting densities and distributions of mallards and of canids.
Emphasis is on factors influencing family health promotion and health protection.
Emphasis is on factors that make woody plants different from herbaceous plants.
Emphasis is on factors that make woody plants different from herbacous plants.
Emphasis is on factual and statistical information.
Emphasis is on failure data analysis model development.
Emphasis is on failure-safeness and ease of use.
Emphasis is on fall and winter plumage patterns, size, shape, and flight characteristics.
Emphasis is on familiarizing students with teaching strategies for string classes in public schools.
Emphasis is on families as partners and services are provided in the families' homes.
Emphasis is on family as client.
Emphasis is on family assessment.
Emphasis is on family involvement and using technology as an educational tool.
Emphasis is on family life.
Emphasis is on family management rather than corporate finance.
Emphasis is on family schedules and routines as they already exist.
Emphasis is on fast response, customer support, and high levels of PM accomplishment.
Emphasis is on fast techniques for color rendering.
Emphasis is on fast, accurate keyboarding and general office procedures.
Emphasis is on fat burning, increasing flexibility and muscle toning.
Emphasis is on feature movies, novels and television movies.
Emphasis is on features that distinguish one type of ceramic material from another.
Emphasis is on federal and Louisiana statutes and regulations governing lenders and loan terms.
Emphasis is on federal law.
Emphasis is on federal statutes and regulations.
Emphasis is on federal taxation of corporations, trusts and estates.
Emphasis is on federal taxation of corporations, trusts, and estates.
Emphasis is on feminine writers.
Emphasis is on fiction and poetry in a mixture of survey and author articles.
Emphasis is on fiction, nonfiction, and poetry.
Emphasis is on fictional form and critical theory.
Emphasis is on fictional literary masterpieces important to a liberal education.
Emphasis is on field observation and investigation of organisms in their natural environments.
Emphasis is on field relations and thin section work.
Emphasis is on field research and application of specific qualitative methods.
Emphasis is on field studies, research activities and current developments in art history.
Emphasis is on field study of biotic communities in various habitats.
Emphasis is on figuring costs of materials and labor and on the use of pertinent formulas.
Emphasis is on file processing and output editing.
Emphasis is on filling, rubbing, spraying, and building up finishes.
Emphasis is on film figures.
Emphasis is on films and film personalities, but some attention is given to television and video.
Emphasis is on films within the recent decade, but older films are also included.
Emphasis is on final clinical preparation for entry-level practice in the profession.
Emphasis is on finances and administrative duties, preparation of reports and analysis of data.
Emphasis is on financial accounting topics, with concentration on the uses of financial information.
Emphasis is on financial and estate planning.
Emphasis is on financial management at the level of the organization.
Emphasis is on financial reporting.
Emphasis is on financial viability and business plan packaging to secure financial seed money.
Emphasis is on finding all the solutions to a given goal.
Emphasis is on finding characteristic behavior and universal features of their solutions.
Emphasis is on fine art.
Emphasis is on fire calculations, fuels, and related weather effects.
Emphasis is on fire fighting and control at the company officer level.
Emphasis is on fire safety for building occupants and fire suppression forces.
Emphasis is on first and second order linear equations, with a focus on applications.
Emphasis is on firsthand study of buildings and works of art.
Emphasis is on fish and seafoods.
Emphasis is on fishing with the use of artificial lures.
Emphasis is on fitness, adaptability, freedom of expression, and simulated combat.
Emphasis is on fitness, participation, and cooperative sportsmanship.
Emphasis is on fixed-function digital signal processing systems.
Emphasis is on fixtures, mannequins, props, lighting and signage used in visual merchandising.
Emphasis is on flavor, eye appeal and technique.
Emphasis is on flexibility and movement in addition to breathing.
Emphasis is on flexibility.
Emphasis is on flight commander leadership and the enhancement of esprit de corps.
Emphasis is on Florida examples.
Emphasis is on flour milling and bread-baking traits of hard red and hard white wheats.
Emphasis is on flowering plants, although ferns and coniferous species are also treated.
Emphasis is on fluency and ability to sustain a conversation.
Emphasis is on fluency and speed of production.
Emphasis is on fluency building through idiom and vocabulary work, class discussions, and listening.
Emphasis is on focusing and funneling the group in order for there to be impact.
Emphasis is on foil technique.
Emphasis is on folk and nonmainstream country and rock performers, most of national stature.
Emphasis is on food and health habits that minimize nutrition-related problems.
Emphasis is on food that requires little or no preparation.
Emphasis is on foods and nutrition, clothing and textiles, and human environment.
Emphasis is on foreign policies of East Asian nations, security and trade issues.
Emphasis is on forested wetlands in the southeastern U.S., but other wetland topics are included.
Emphasis is on forestry and forest ecology.
Emphasis is on form and method.
Emphasis is on form and space.
Emphasis is on form and structural concepts.
Emphasis is on form and technique, with detailed explanations for each exercise.
Emphasis is on form generation as it relates to intimate scale.
Emphasis is on form with racing and distance swimming.
Emphasis is on form, color and motion abilities.
Emphasis is on formal grammar and composition.
Emphasis is on formal problem-solving and compo sitional dynamics.
Emphasis is on formal proof.
Emphasis is on format, organization and the use of appropriate language.
Emphasis is on formation and crystal structure.
Emphasis is on formulating objectives and selecting strategies.
Emphasis is on formulation of a differential diagnosis and on providing emergency care.
Emphasis is on foundations of disease as the basis for clinical intervention.
Emphasis is on four-part writing and compositional procedures found in the Common Practice Period.
Emphasis is on framing teachers own classroom inquiry through teacher research methodology.
Emphasis is on free expression and creativity with attention to design elements.
Emphasis is on French cuisine.
Emphasis is on French language, culture, history and business.
Emphasis is on French, Spanish, Italian, and English gardens, parks, and urban spaces.
Emphasis is on frequency table analysis and on building models using logistic regression.
Emphasis is on fresh produce expertly prepared and served with friendly efficiency.
Emphasis is on fresh vegetables and seafood.
Emphasis is on freshness, quality, the on-farm experience, etc.
Emphasis is on freshwater inland habitats.
Emphasis is on friendship and an exchange of ideas and a networking of various talents.
Emphasis is on fruits, vegetables and whole grains, along with beautiful meal presentation.
Emphasis is on fulfilling all steps of the nursing process.
Emphasis is on fun and learning.
Emphasis is on fun and participation.
Emphasis is on fun and safety while advancing sailing knowledge and boat handling.
Emphasis is on fun first and technique second.
Emphasis is on fun with voluntary participation.
Emphasis is on fun, balance, rising and falling and mobility.
Emphasis is on fun, creative expression and safe exercise.
Emphasis is on fun, creativity, body awareness and water safety.
Emphasis is on fun, safety, basic sailing knowledge and boat handling.
Emphasis is on fun, service and fellowship.
Emphasis is on function, design principles, and composition needed in developing a landscape plan.
Emphasis is on functional implications of structure of cells and tissues.
Emphasis is on functional invertebrate anatomy at the ultrastructural level.
Emphasis is on functional movement to strengthen and stretch the muscles.
Emphasis is on functional skills.
Emphasis is on fundamental and technical analysis.
Emphasis is on fundamental concepts, problem-solving, notation and units.
Emphasis is on fundamental concepts, problem-solving, notation, and units.
Emphasis is on fundamental facts, principles, theories, and applications.
Emphasis is on fundamental instrumentation and patient examination skills.
Emphasis is on fundamental principles and problem solving.
Emphasis is on fundamental principles rather than on application.
Emphasis is on fundamental research and technology development.
Emphasis is on fundamental understanding of how to apply software.
Emphasis is on fundamentals and fun, rules and etiquette.
Emphasis is on fundamentals and fun.
Emphasis is on fundamentals and problem solving.
Emphasis is on fundamentals of evolving areas of environmental science and technology.
Emphasis is on fundamentals of serving, forehand, backhand, scoring, etiquette, and game management.
Emphasis is on fundamentals repeated in the design and development of closely coupled systems.
Emphasis is on fundamentals.
Emphasis is on funding joint proposals with industry, business, and governmental collaboration.
Emphasis is on furniture building that involves advanced joinery.
Emphasis is on furniture, appliances, surplus building materials etc.
Emphasis is on further development of structure and form through basic drawing techniques.
Emphasis is on further development of surgical skills.
Emphasis is on gaining familiarity with the design principles of photography.
Emphasis is on gaining higher oral proficiency and listening skills.
Emphasis is on gaining increased facility in therapeutic communication with individuals and groups.
Emphasis is on gaining information from texts, practicing retrieval, and discussing concepts.
Emphasis is on gaining intuition by carrying out computer experiments.
Emphasis is on gaining knowledge and self-understanding.
Emphasis is on gaining knowledge in all aspects of product and process life cycles.
Emphasis is on gaining practical knowledge through working with recording equipment.
Emphasis is on gathering and writing news.
Emphasis is on gender relations.
Emphasis is on gender studies in English and American literature.
Emphasis is on general fire safety.
Emphasis is on general news and business publications, but all subject areas are represented.
Emphasis is on general pharmacologic principles and drugs used in dental practice.
Emphasis is on general professional development as well as skill acquisition.
Emphasis is on general skills.
Emphasis is on generalized structure and function of multicellular systems.
Emphasis is on generic database functions common to all packages.
Emphasis is on generic methods within a systems and problem-solving framework.
Emphasis is on generic spreadsheeting functions common to all packages.
Emphasis is on genetics, ranging from molecular biology to evolutionary and population genetics.
Emphasis is on genre works appropriate for the public library.
Emphasis is on geography, earth science, and history.
Emphasis is on geological mapping and careful observation in the field.
Emphasis is on German language , and culture , and music.
Emphasis is on getting away from it all.
Emphasis is on getting ideas for dances, movement problem-solving and conveying ideas to others.
Emphasis is on getting results and credibility through alignment, strategy and resources.
Emphasis is on getting started, setting the environment, and working with parents and children.
Emphasis is on getting the patient safely off the scene within ten minutes of the ambulance arrival.
Emphasis is on giftedness as defined historically, nationally and locally.
Emphasis is on glazing techniques and stacking and firing procedures in kiln operation.
Emphasis is on gliding, forward and backwards skating, and building confidence.
Emphasis is on global competition and ethical decision making.
Emphasis is on global, regional, and local environmental issues.
Emphasis is on globalization and the environment.
Emphasis is on globalization of U.S. businesses and industries.
Emphasis is on good citizenship and the importance of community.
Emphasis is on good coding practices and understanding document structure.
Emphasis is on good methodology and correct usage of elementary econometric techniqes.
Emphasis is on good pronunciation.
Emphasis is on good sportsmanship, fair play, and safe, fun activities.
Emphasis is on good timing, good manners, and smooth moves.
Emphasis is on good vocal techniques, ensemble singing, and the study of and application of theory.
Emphasis is on governmental employee unions.
Emphasis is on governmental structure and policies.
Emphasis is on grades earned in required prepharmacy courses.
Emphasis is on graduate level texts and research material.
Emphasis is on graduate studies.
Emphasis is on grammar and reading of classical and medieval Armenian texts.
Emphasis is on grammar and reading of classical and medieval texts.
Emphasis is on grammar and syntax, vocabulary building, speaking, reading and writing.
Emphasis is on grammar improvement through reading and writing.
Emphasis is on grammar, composition, and oral communication.
Emphasis is on grammar, correctness in written expression, and reading.
Emphasis is on grammar, pronunciation, and oral comprehension.
Emphasis is on grammar, punctuation, sentence structure, proofreading, and editing.
Emphasis is on grammar, punctuation, words, sentences, and paragraphs.
Emphasis is on grammar, reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is on grammar, syntax, vocabulary and expressive and receptive skills.
Emphasis is on grammar, usage, punctuation, and writing.
Emphasis is on grantsmanship in an academic environment.
Emphasis is on graphic communication in the performance of expressive photography.
Emphasis is on graphic methods using pencils and markers.
Emphasis is on graphics and web design programs.
Emphasis is on greater fluency in idiomatic language usage and mastery of vocabulary and syntax.
Emphasis is on Greek language and culture, though Roman materials are currently being added.
Emphasis is on grilled fish.
Emphasis is on group activities and materials for teaching music to elementary school children.
Emphasis is on group discussions and cadet presentations.
Emphasis is on group fun and safety, with a variety of bicycling events.
Emphasis is on group interaction and class discussion.
Emphasis is on group interaction and support.
Emphasis is on group learning and cooperation.
Emphasis is on group participation and public performance.
Emphasis is on group performance and participation.
Emphasis is on group representations.
Emphasis is on group techniques.
Emphasis is on groups of potential users, using such tactics as brainstorming.
Emphasis is on growth and transformation.
Emphasis is on guidance through and intervention in the writing process.
Emphasis is on hand work rather than mechanical equipment.
Emphasis is on hand-held instruments and basic troubleshooting techniques.
Emphasis is on hands-on activities and the active involvement of students.
Emphasis is on hands-on approach for every student.
Emphasis is on hands-on control and adjustment of equipment.
Emphasis is on hands-on exercises and projects.
Emphasis is on hands-on experience of the software.
Emphasis is on hands-on experience with hardware.
Emphasis is on hands-on experiences.
Emphasis is on hands-on information analysis and reporting.
Emphasis is on hands-on leadership experience.
Emphasis is on hands-on learning.
Emphasis is on hands-on practice and familiarity with cartridges and software applications.
Emphasis is on hands-on practice.
Emphasis is on hands-on science activities for both parents and children to enjoy together.
Emphasis is on hands-on science and the use of math manipulatives.
Emphasis is on hands-on scripting, server administration, and resolving error messages.
Emphasis is on hands-on use and practical applications.
Emphasis is on hands-on, creativity building for the beginning artist.
Emphasis is on hardware developments.
Emphasis is on having fun and learning orchestral repertoire in a non-competitive atmosphere.
Emphasis is on having fun and learning to play with others.
Emphasis is on having fun while learning to manipulate art materials.
Emphasis is on having fun with science and seeing how it is related to the daily world.
Emphasis is on having fun.
Emphasis is on having the child feel successful within the school environment.
Emphasis is on hazardous waste at both controlled and uncontrolled sites.
Emphasis is on health assessment of individuals.
Emphasis is on health care applications and a mock patient data base.
Emphasis is on health care provider productivity analysis and projection of human resource needs.
Emphasis is on health maintenace and problems commonly encountered in a generalist's office.
Emphasis is on health maintenance and problems commonly encountered in a generalist's office.
Emphasis is on health maintenance of women throughout the life span.
Emphasis is on health problems related to immobility.
Emphasis is on health promotion and client education for medically underserved populations.
Emphasis is on health promotion and maintenance for the community through nursing intervention.
Emphasis is on health promotion and management of the acute and chronically ill pediatric patient.
Emphasis is on health promotion, health maintenance, and health restoration.
Emphasis is on health promotion, illness prevention, and management of acute and chronic illnesses.
Emphasis is on health protection, promotion and maintenance interventions.
Emphasis is on health, basic human needs, and adaptation to maintain homeostasis.
Emphasis is on health-related concerns particular to Labrador and other northern regions of Canada.
Emphasis is on healthy aging and wellness and positive perspectives on aging.
Emphasis is on healthy singing for beginning and intermediate-level students.
Emphasis is on healthy, friendly competition, good sportsmanship, fair play, and fun.
Emphasis is on heart-health.
Emphasis is on heating and air conditioning duct work.
Emphasis is on heating, cooling, ventilation, and plumbing systems with attendant building codes.
Emphasis is on helping and supporting each other.
Emphasis is on helping children grow spiritually, mentally and physically.
Emphasis is on helping organizations meet and exceed customer expectations.
Emphasis is on helping students develop their full potential, whatever their talents or needs.
Emphasis is on helping students find their voice and style.
Emphasis is on helping third grade students develop skill in reading expository text.
Emphasis is on herbaceous characters of leaves, stems, roots and bark.
Emphasis is on herbicides registered for use in California and important weeds within the state.
Emphasis is on heterogeneity, mobility, massiveness, religion, tensions, and secularization.
Emphasis is on high preparation techniques for high quality.
Emphasis is on high quality and the attractiveness of the products.
Emphasis is on high quality picture display.
Emphasis is on high school labs but can be beneficial for all educational laboratory settings.
Emphasis is on high temperature superconducting materials.
Emphasis is on higher level analytical skills and critical thinking.
Emphasis is on higher level protocols and local net- works.
Emphasis is on higher order thinking skills and a problem solving approach is used throughout.
Emphasis is on higher plants.
Emphasis is on higher standards of quality, flexibility, and producfivity.
Emphasis is on highlighting benefits and how the product or service can help the buyer.
Emphasis is on highly stylized movement on a strong rhythmic base.
Emphasis is on high-resolution spectroscopy, magnetography, and cinematography.
Emphasis is on hips, thighs, abdominals and buttocks.
Emphasis is on historic preservation principles and practices for interior designers.
Emphasis is on historical and socioeconomic factors in the development of jazz.
Emphasis is on historical, linguistic, literary, and religious material.
Emphasis is on historical, theoretical and critical issues.
Emphasis is on history and physical examination and recording.
Emphasis is on history, humanities and social sciences.
Emphasis is on history, humanities, and social sciences.
Emphasis is on history.
Emphasis is on hole nesting birds, nuthatches, chickadees and creepers.
Emphasis is on holistic developmental assessment of individuals in a family and community context.
Emphasis is on holistic family assessment and interventions.
Emphasis is on holistic nursing care of clients to promote and maintain health.
Emphasis is on Hollywood output.
Emphasis is on homemade generous portions.
Emphasis is on homemade instruments.
Emphasis is on homeostasis.
Emphasis is on homeo-static control mechanisms.
Emphasis is on honoring and building child and family strengths in their own communities.
Emphasis is on hospital procedures and management of the medically compromised patient.
Emphasis is on hospitality as well as personal environments.
Emphasis is on how anatomical systems function and how they have evolved through time.
Emphasis is on how and why pictures look the way they do.
Emphasis is on how anesthetics effect anoxic brain damage.
Emphasis is on how archaeologists reconstruct past societies out of fragmentary evidence.
Emphasis is on how basic piano technique is developed, starting with the Twinkle Variations.
Emphasis is on how children can help make the world a better place for all living things.
Emphasis is on how dance both reflects and affects societies.
Emphasis is on how ethnicity affects and is affected by education and schooling.
Emphasis is on how family members exchange information and caring with each other.
Emphasis is on how historic landscapes, both designed and cultural, can be protected and managed.
Emphasis is on how individuals can get involved in efforts to promote positive corporate attitudes.
Emphasis is on how mishaps can be prevented.
Emphasis is on how music both reflects and affects societies.
Emphasis is on how parts function independently and together.
Emphasis is on how past events have helped shape America's present.
Emphasis is on how people interact in various communicative settings.
Emphasis is on how research methods relate to accountability in practice.
Emphasis is on how to communicate about feelings and issues in a more direct and assertive style.
Emphasis is on how to design, select, and operate a network.
Emphasis is on how to express wants and needs clearly and to understand the needs of others.
Emphasis is on how to get ideas for dances, movement problem-solving and conveying ideas to others.
Emphasis is on how to get started with very little money.
Emphasis is on how to properly use the code.
Emphasis is on how to solve surgical problems and how to perform various surgical techniques.
Emphasis is on how to use video to effectively motivate students in the classroom.
Emphasis is on how to write clearly, accurately, and correctly.
Emphasis is on how visual art both reflects and affects societies.
Emphasis is on human and animal similarities.
Emphasis is on human and mammalian physiology.
Emphasis is on human memory.
Emphasis is on human organ systems and their interrelationships.
Emphasis is on human resource issues confronting line managers and HR practitioners.
Emphasis is on human resource management.
Emphasis is on human toxic exposures.
Emphasis is on human toxicology and includes selected reports to be presented by enrollees.
Emphasis is on human use of the landscape and human induced effects.
Emphasis is on hunting, shooting and events from all corners of the world.
Emphasis is on hybrid systems and discrete events systems.
Emphasis is on hydrocarbon contaminants in soil, surface water and groundwater.
Emphasis is on hydrocarbon contaminants in soil, surface water, and groundwater.
Emphasis is on hypothesis establishment and methodologies for testing hypotheses.
Emphasis is on hypothesis testing.
Emphasis is on idea development and non-verbal communication.
Emphasis is on idea development and non-verbal communications.
Emphasis is on ideas and institutions which affect the present or offer points of contrast.
Emphasis is on ideas and their realization in works of art.
Emphasis is on ideas, attitudes and institutions basic to western civilization of enduring interest.
Emphasis is on identification and comprehension of styles, monuments, and traditions.
Emphasis is on identification of financial risks and designing optimal risk management program.
Emphasis is on identification of health needs and promotion of self-care of families and groups.
Emphasis is on identification of tax issues, tax planning, and tax research.
Emphasis is on identification, culture, uses, flowers, and fruits, and ecological relationships.
Emphasis is on identification, labeling, handling, firefighting and spill control.
Emphasis is on identification, selection, use and handling of ingredients.
Emphasis is on identifying and structuring a story.
Emphasis is on identifying and treating life threatening conditions.
Emphasis is on identifying circuits and using schematics to understand systems.
Emphasis is on identifying needs or problems and recommending solutions.
Emphasis is on identifying objectives, and assessing patient response to treatment.
Emphasis is on identifying risk factors and examination of successful risk-reduction programs.
Emphasis is on identifying treatment synergisms and optimal sequencing and timing of treatments.
Emphasis is on idiomatic language and complicated syntax.
Emphasis is on illustration of basic principles using the local marine ecosystem.
Emphasis is on image formation and image analysis.
Emphasis is on image sequence analysis and interpretation.
Emphasis is on imagery.
Emphasis is on implementation of important graphics algorithms.
Emphasis is on implementing strategies to facilitate the client's ability to adapt to stress.
Emphasis is on implications and the issues raised in the articles.
Emphasis is on implications for health delivery on both cognitive and affective levels.
Emphasis is on implications for nursing and healthcare systems.
Emphasis is on important aspects of current Japanese culture and civilization.
Emphasis is on important composers and their works in relation to their society and culture.
Emphasis is on important figures and trends.
Emphasis is on important mathematics that is explored by students through active engagement.
Emphasis is on importing graphics for advanced special effects work and image processing.
Emphasis is on impromptu encounters and malleability.
Emphasis is on improved study skills and effective time management strategies.
Emphasis is on improvement of college reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is on improvement of oral expression in a variety of contexts.
Emphasis is on improvement of vocabulary, comprehension, study strategies, and time management.
Emphasis is on improvement to the instructional infrastructure.
Emphasis is on improving club-head speed and gaining distance.
Emphasis is on improving communication skills of students majoring in the health sciences.
Emphasis is on improving conversation skills.
Emphasis is on improving forage quality and yield.
Emphasis is on improving fundamental arithmetic skills and problem-solving ability.
Emphasis is on improving leadership skills and goal setting.
Emphasis is on improving present skills, applying safety procedures, weather and troubleshooting.
Emphasis is on improving production rate and producing office quality work.
Emphasis is on improving reading skills.
Emphasis is on improving skills in reading, writing and math.
Emphasis is on improving social, motor and verbal skills.
Emphasis is on improving stage skills, development of character, play analysis, and performance.
Emphasis is on improving the lives of developmentally disabled children and their families.
Emphasis is on improving the students' conversational ability.
Emphasis is on improving voice and pronunciation.
Emphasis is on improving wave predictions in the littoral region outside of the surf zone.
Emphasis is on improving wheelthrowing and handbuilding techniques in clay.
Emphasis is on improvisation and arranging using lead sheets and original compositions.
Emphasis is on improvisation and preparation of original and standard repertoire for performance.
Emphasis is on improvisation techniques.
Emphasis is on inclusion of children in early childhood settings.
Emphasis is on income tax investment of partnerships, corporation, LLPs and LLCs.
Emphasis is on increased communicative fleuncy, both orally and in writing.
Emphasis is on increased competence or capacity that leads to self-reliance.
Emphasis is on increased student proficiency, continued aesthetic development, and self-expression.
Emphasis is on increasing efficiency and creating sustainable models.
Emphasis is on increasing proficiency in performing a variety of office tasks.
Emphasis is on increasing reading comprehension, reading speed, and vocabulary.
Emphasis is on increasing shorthand speed and transcription skills for mailability.
Emphasis is on increasing student's capacity for openness, sensitivity, and objective appraisal.
Emphasis is on independent and creative thinking, discussion, and exchange of ideas.
Emphasis is on independent decision making, problem solving, composition, and proofreading.
Emphasis is on independent experimental design and execution.
Emphasis is on independent inquiry and on proper form and style for reporting results.
Emphasis is on independent research and on discussion.
Emphasis is on independent study and student use of previously acquired mathematical skills.
Emphasis is on independent work.
Emphasis is on independent, self-directed learning and the development of diverse roles.
Emphasis is on in-depth research in areas selected by the student.
Emphasis is on indexed sequential and virtual file structures.
Emphasis is on Indiana and bordering states as well as the eastern and southern states.
Emphasis is on individual and group activities relevant to integrated curriculum studies.
Emphasis is on individual and group decision-making and creative problem solving.
Emphasis is on individual application of different learning techniques for all college students.
Emphasis is on individual attention, and dedication to the arts by professional instructors.
Emphasis is on individual ball skills through small-sided games.
Emphasis is on individual creative work and a tutorial relationship with the instructor.
Emphasis is on individual development and a concern for healthy minds as well as healthy bodies.
Emphasis is on individual development and response to the media.
Emphasis is on individual development and the many creative approaches to drawing.
Emphasis is on individual development at individual rates.
Emphasis is on individual development in the use of principles and styles of acting.
Emphasis is on individual development.
Emphasis is on individual expression and artistic fun.
Emphasis is on individual expression, and artistic fun.
Emphasis is on individual expression.
Emphasis is on individual goals and individual exercise prescription.
Emphasis is on individual growth and direction.
Emphasis is on individual growth, and the atmosphere is cooperative and supportive.
Emphasis is on individual help and careful progress to develop reading confidence and ease.
Emphasis is on individual help to develop reading confidence and study skills.
Emphasis is on individual improvement.
Emphasis is on individual interpretation.
Emphasis is on individual needs and personalized programs.
Emphasis is on individual needs of the performer and the various styles of production.
Emphasis is on individual protective and risk factors.
Emphasis is on individual pursuit of assigned work projects.
Emphasis is on individual research projects.
Emphasis is on individual research, independent study, classroom discussion and oral reports.
Emphasis is on individual responsibility, caring for equipment, and general safety rules.
Emphasis is on individual skill development and team play tactics.
Emphasis is on individual student skills.
Emphasis is on individual study units, depending on the needs of the student.
Emphasis is on individual study.
Emphasis is on individual testing and needs.
Emphasis is on individual work and special projects.
Emphasis is on individual work in the laboratory with tutorial supervision.
Emphasis is on individuality in expression and creative problem-solving.
Emphasis is on individualization of care for assigned clients.
Emphasis is on inducive training techniques which teach the dog to want to comply.
Emphasis is on industrial application of exploded assemblies for parts catalogs and manuals.
Emphasis is on industrial problem solving.
Emphasis is on industrial products.
Emphasis is on industrial wiring methods and materials.
Emphasis is on industries dominated by publicly traded companies.
Emphasis is on infantry combat.
Emphasis is on infants and children.
Emphasis is on infectious as well as non-infectious disease problems.
Emphasis is on inference, diagnostic checking of assumptions, and remedial measures.
Emphasis is on inferential statistics.
Emphasis is on influential works of recognized modern literacy figures.
Emphasis is on informal conversation and social activities.
Emphasis is on informality at meetings and on walks.
Emphasis is on information analysis and logical system design.
Emphasis is on information and inspiration.
Emphasis is on information engineering and object oriented methodologies.
Emphasis is on information related to medicines, therapeutics, and other aspects of medical science.
Emphasis is on information retrieval through online databases.
Emphasis is on information written for the general public.
Emphasis is on information, skills, and attitudes.
Emphasis is on initiating and completing an independent research project.
Emphasis is on initiatives that result in cost savings or enhance accountability and services.
Emphasis is on injury assessment, management, and rehabilitation of injuries.
Emphasis is on inner motivation, using a child's natural curiosity and delight in discovery.
Emphasis is on innovation and creative solutions in engineering design.
Emphasis is on innovation and success in managing fire service resources.
Emphasis is on innovation.
Emphasis is on innovative projects with clearly defined goals and objectives.
Emphasis is on inquiry, organization, and delivery used in a variety of communication experiences.
Emphasis is on inquiry, problem solving and discovery.
Emphasis is on instilling an awareness of style in students.
Emphasis is on instruction and practice in procedures for planning, instruction and evaluation.
Emphasis is on instruction and safety.
Emphasis is on instruction for intact classes of students with special needs.
Emphasis is on instruction, beauty and solitude.
Emphasis is on instruction, practice and skill integration in a competitive setting.
Emphasis is on instructional techniques.
Emphasis is on instrument operation, purpose and limitations.
Emphasis is on instrument use and care, shape and size description, sketching, and pictorials.
Emphasis is on instrumental music.
Emphasis is on instrumental use as well as underlying theory.
Emphasis is on instrumentation for the respiratory, cardiovascular, and nervous system.
Emphasis is on integrated business principles, basic core competencies, and a team project.
Emphasis is on integrated circuits.
Emphasis is on integrated language arts and literature-based instruction.
Emphasis is on integrated technical information.
Emphasis is on integrating applications and incorporating business marketing concepts.
Emphasis is on integrating classroom learning with related work experience.
Emphasis is on integrating divergent activities in each curriculum area.
Emphasis is on integrating information, interpreting current research data.
Emphasis is on integrating language skills and strategies into the curriculum.
Emphasis is on integrating practical craft and personal expression to create basic pottery forms.
Emphasis is on integrating prior course learning into the dietetics practitioner role.
Emphasis is on integrating the applications and incorporating business marketing concepts.
Emphasis is on integrating thinking skills into gifted education and regular education.
Emphasis is on integration and measurement of the marketing communications plan.
Emphasis is on integration of content from all areas of the concentration curriculum.
Emphasis is on integration of content from all areas of the foundation curriculum.
Emphasis is on integration of production and control activities.
Emphasis is on intellectual issues.
Emphasis is on interaction of legal issues and concepts with management and operation of businesses.
Emphasis is on interaction, life cycle changes, and coping with stress.
Emphasis is on interactional processes between social worker and client.
Emphasis is on interactional processes between the social worker and family members.
Emphasis is on interactions of insects with their biotic and abiotic environment.
Emphasis is on interactions of organisms in nature.
Emphasis is on interactive language fluency.
Emphasis is on interactive language use, vocabulary expansion, and accuracy of expression.
Emphasis is on interactive learning through field and laboratory investigations.
Emphasis is on interdisciplinary approaches in defense of the environment.
Emphasis is on interdisciplinary approaches to the study of education, broadly defined.
Emphasis is on interdisciplinary approaches.
Emphasis is on interdisciplinary collaboration in diverse clinical settings.
Emphasis is on interdisciplinary practice in state and local public health agencies.
Emphasis is on interest in population biology of all species.
Emphasis is on interest value, composition, technical excellence and visual impact.
Emphasis is on interface design and greating praphics for the Internet.
Emphasis is on interior design, architecture, photography, design and fine arts.
Emphasis is on international and African materials.
Emphasis is on international applications.
Emphasis is on international competition among the industrialized economies.
Emphasis is on international studies cases.
Emphasis is on internet marketing.
Emphasis is on interorganizational connections.
Emphasis is on interpersonal communication and aims to achieve preparatory communication competence.
Emphasis is on interpersonal dimensions of the counseling interview.
Emphasis is on interpersonal skills and the developing technology in career education.
Emphasis is on interpretation and evaluation of marketing research studies.
Emphasis is on interpretation as well as collection of data.
Emphasis is on interpretation of data from modern instrumentation.
Emphasis is on interpretation of financial statements.
Emphasis is on interpreting satellite images and radar returns.
Emphasis is on interpreting tables and graphs and the development of problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is on interrelationships among decisions and the links between economic and social issues.
Emphasis is on interrelationships among organ systems in deviations from homeostasis.
Emphasis is on interrelationships.
Emphasis is on interviewing, decision making, and public address.
Emphasis is on intonation, articulation and sentence rhythm with phonetic correction on tapes.
Emphasis is on intradistrict allocation.
Emphasis is on intraoperative nursing care.
Emphasis is on intrapersonal behavior, such as, motivation, job stress, and job satisfaction.
Emphasis is on intricate lighting, camera and texture creation techniques.
Emphasis is on intrinsic motivation, that is, student purposes and personal meanings drive learning.
Emphasis is on introducing a diversity of applications rather than treating a few in depth.
Emphasis is on introducing the concepts and developing the logic for problems using the concepts.
Emphasis is on introducing the students to as many accounting concepts as possible.
Emphasis is on intuitive understanding rather than proofs.
Emphasis is on investigations of bacteria, phytoplankton, zooplankton, and benthic organisms.
Emphasis is on investment analysis.
Emphasis is on investment decision making and portfolio analysis.
Emphasis is on investment principles from the manager's point of view.
Emphasis is on investment, development and trade.
Emphasis is on investments, insurance wills, trusts and tax laws.
Emphasis is on isolated rib contractions, simple jumps, arm stretches and back bends.
Emphasis is on isolated rib contractions, simple jumps, arm stretches, and back bends.
Emphasis is on isolation, cultivation, and identification.
Emphasis is on issues concerning the choice of appropriate designs for psychological reasearch.
Emphasis is on issues in sexuality among elementary and secondary school children.
Emphasis is on issues related to culture and diversity.
Emphasis is on jazz improvisation skills in a combo setting.
Emphasis is on jewelry design and the media and methods of jewelry making.
Emphasis is on jobber catalogs, use of computer cataloging, invoice processing and parts sales.
Emphasis is on journalism criticism.
Emphasis is on key achievements and essential details of private life.
Emphasis is on key actions that are necessary to locate that job quickly.
Emphasis is on key people and issues during critical areas in the African-American experience.
Emphasis is on keyboard mastery, correct keyboarding techniques, and proofreading skills.
Emphasis is on keyboards, word processing and spreadsheets.
Emphasis is on kinetic and other properties of transient radicals and excited states.
Emphasis is on knowledge and skill attainment through active, hands-on participation.
Emphasis is on knowledge and skills in applied areas of the nursing home industry.
Emphasis is on lab work using a PC to design software and hardware.
Emphasis is on lab work.
Emphasis is on laboratory and field assignments using basic geophysical and geological instruments.
Emphasis is on laboratory and library research.
Emphasis is on laboratory exercises and problem solving.
Emphasis is on laboratory experience.
Emphasis is on laboratory procedures and innovative teaching strategies at the secondary level.
Emphasis is on laboratory procedures for the identification of the more common taxonomic groups.
Emphasis is on laboratory study of cognitive processes and on critical evaluation of methodologies.
Emphasis is on laboratory techniques for isolation and identification of pathogenic fungi.
Emphasis is on land use in an urban setting.
Emphasis is on landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
Emphasis is on language acquisition in both English and Spanish and social and physical skills.
Emphasis is on language comprehension and verbal production.
Emphasis is on language in context, featuring useful vocabulary and expressions.
Emphasis is on language paradigms and implementation issues.
Emphasis is on language used in various work situations.
Emphasis is on lasers, electro-optic devices, and nonlinear and coherent optical processes.
Emphasis is on later round financing of companies that have demonstrated potential.
Emphasis is on Latin America.
Emphasis is on Latin American traditions.
Emphasis is on laws of the State of Wisconsin.
Emphasis is on layering of artistic ideas.
Emphasis is on layout and construction.
Emphasis is on leadership, change agent skills and entry into professional practice.
Emphasis is on leading themes of world history, rather than a detailed chronological narrative.
Emphasis is on learning and enjoying music making.
Emphasis is on learning and practicing the fundamentals of rhythm and dance choreography.
Emphasis is on learning basic counseling skills through supervised practice and critique sessions.
Emphasis is on learning basic grammar and information relating to Deaf Culture.
Emphasis is on learning basic physical laws and definitions by a variety of methods.
Emphasis is on learning basic technique that is needed for playing advanced level music.
Emphasis is on learning by doing through the use of role play and video-taping.
Emphasis is on learning during actual open water dives.
Emphasis is on learning from the genome organisms.
Emphasis is on learning group social skills and the love and enjoyment of reading.
Emphasis is on learning healthy approaches to parenting and non-abusive forms of discipline.
Emphasis is on learning how to solve quantitative problems.
Emphasis is on learning how to use reference materials efficiently and productively.
Emphasis is on learning how to wind glass onto the mandrel to make basic bead shapes.
Emphasis is on learning library skills, and on written and oral communication.
Emphasis is on learning listening skills, following instructions, and getting along with others.
Emphasis is on learning new skill-related to a particular program or department at a media facility.
Emphasis is on learning of procedures and skills.
Emphasis is on learning severe weather concepts.
Emphasis is on learning teaching techniques and water safety.
Emphasis is on learning the capabilities of database management software.
Emphasis is on learning the fundamentals of baseball, other than pitching.
Emphasis is on learning the most useful sentence structures and vocabulary.
Emphasis is on learning through application.
Emphasis is on learning through experience using ever-developing problem solving skills.
Emphasis is on learning to access and synthesize relevant literature.
Emphasis is on learning to create meanings in cinematic terms with a critical and creative eye.
Emphasis is on learning to design cost-effective ventures.
Emphasis is on learning to differentiate and culture microorganisms.
Emphasis is on learning to make informed health care decisions.
Emphasis is on learning to provide safe outdoor experiences for physical education students.
Emphasis is on learning to touch-type on a computer keyboard with accuracy and speed.
Emphasis is on learning to use social studies computer instructional materials.
Emphasis is on learning to utilize research results.
Emphasis is on learning with adequate time provided for reading, music, art, play and field trips.
Emphasis is on learning, as through discussions and knowledge sharing everybody benefits.
Emphasis is on lectures and discussion sessions.
Emphasis is on legal and illegal drug use.
Emphasis is on legal and policy development.
Emphasis is on legal issues, safety rules and supervised practice on the range.
Emphasis is on legal liabilities and legal research.
Emphasis is on legal reasoning and case analysis to promote legal problem-solving skills.
Emphasis is on legal rules, security techniques and processes, life safety, and public relations.
Emphasis is on legal, ethical, and professional issues in nursing.
Emphasis is on legislation, tenure and regulations that govern natural resources management.
Emphasis is on legislative, regulatory, judicial, political, and business developments.
Emphasis is on legs, with arms being used to increase intensity.
Emphasis is on less toxic pest management methods.
Emphasis is on lesson design, classroom management, and various methods of teaching.
Emphasis is on letting children explore their world, whether it's city streets or country fields.
Emphasis is on level evaluation of industrial contaminants.
Emphasis is on liberal arts, philosophy, religious studies, and English for international students.
Emphasis is on library and research skills.
Emphasis is on life skills.
Emphasis is on life style, situation, and information processing.
Emphasis is on lifesaving knowledge, skills, techniques, and abilities.
Emphasis is on lifestyle, situation, and information processing.
Emphasis is on ligand docking on proteins and nucleic acids.
Emphasis is on light microscopy level with selected tissue studied at the electron microscope level.
Emphasis is on light science and technology and the effects upon health, behavior, color, and form.
Emphasis is on lighthouse, quaint fishing villages, wildlife and scenic photo opportunities.
Emphasis is on line, plane, mass, structures, and sensitivity to materials.
Emphasis is on linear systems, matrix algebra, differential vector calculus, and optimization.
Emphasis is on linearity and thinness.
Emphasis is on linguistic variation.
Emphasis is on link performance, capacity, total system design, and cost optimization.
Emphasis is on linking expenditures with productivity increases.
Emphasis is on linking resources for humans with humans as resources.
Emphasis is on links to tax law sites at the federal and state level.
Emphasis is on listening and a systematic presentation of language in context.
Emphasis is on listening and class discussion, with possible live in-class performances.
Emphasis is on listening and speaking and syntax is given little attention.
Emphasis is on listening and speaking as well as successful instructional methods.
Emphasis is on listening and speaking, including giving short speeches.
Emphasis is on listening comprehension, speaking, reading, and writing.
Emphasis is on listening to music of all historical periods and of various stylistic genres.
Emphasis is on listening, lecture and in class discussion.
Emphasis is on listening, speaking, and survival skills.
Emphasis is on listening, styles and the elements of musical notation, terminology, and form.
Emphasis is on listening.
Emphasis is on literary analysis and performance.
Emphasis is on literary immediacy, class reading, and interpretation rather than on research.
Emphasis is on literary movements and the influence of social developments on literature.
Emphasis is on literary rather than technical aspects of plays.
Emphasis is on literature and language.
Emphasis is on literature for preschool and elementary age children.
Emphasis is on literature since the Middle Ages.
Emphasis is on literature, language, and civilization.
Emphasis is on local area networks, and students install a simple local area network.
Emphasis is on local area networks.
Emphasis is on local business.
Emphasis is on local culture, adventure and experience.
Emphasis is on local exhaust system design and evaluation.
Emphasis is on local history.
Emphasis is on local waters, patterns, and resources.
Emphasis is on locally-grown herbs and vegetables, fresh seafood and regional specialties.
Emphasis is on locating starting notes and intervallic reading.
Emphasis is on location, international understanding and human progress.
Emphasis is on logic, set theory, geometry, consumer mathematics, and number theory.
Emphasis is on logical thinking, syntax, format, structure, and program flow.
Emphasis is on long run, ethical, relationship selling.
Emphasis is on long series of movements, adagio and jumps.
Emphasis is on long term care and rehabilitation.
Emphasis is on long term.
Emphasis is on longer and more substantive essays and a research paper.
Emphasis is on longitudinal approaches and analyses of change and continuity across development.
Emphasis is on long-term care and rehabilitation.
Emphasis is on long-term development of self and others.
Emphasis is on long-term management of headache problems.
Emphasis is on looking for clues, sorting and documentation of material and building up hypotheses.
Emphasis is on loss prevention management techniques.
Emphasis is on low cost, no cost measures that can be implemented by in-house staff.
Emphasis is on low impact workout and stretching.
Emphasis is on low life-cycle cost.
Emphasis is on lowfat and low calorie eating plans.
Emphasis is on luxury and livibility.
Emphasis is on machine and assembly language programming.
Emphasis is on macro-economics, although microeconomic areas are also included.
Emphasis is on mailable transcripts and production work.
Emphasis is on maintaining health and preventing chronic disease.
Emphasis is on maintaining health, improving quality of life or supporting the dying person.
Emphasis is on maintenance and operation of screw machines.
Emphasis is on maintenance of safety.
Emphasis is on maize, but other crops are briefly considered.
Emphasis is on major concepts and their relevance to current issues in human nutrition.
Emphasis is on major developments and trends within a chronological framework.
Emphasis is on major ideas and changes from the Neolithic period to the seventeenth century.
Emphasis is on major schools and trends in America, Britain, and France.
Emphasis is on major system components and their inter-relationships.
Emphasis is on major theories, research methods, and current research topics in social psychology.
Emphasis is on making actual decisions under uncertainty.
Emphasis is on making communication more efficient and effective in small group activities.
Emphasis is on making high quality experimental measurements.
Emphasis is on making it easy to help the site visitor choose the right lingerie.
Emphasis is on making the student a more knowledgeable consumer, aware of environmental problems.
Emphasis is on making the subject matter relevant.
Emphasis is on making tubing, cylinders and cones.
Emphasis is on making X-ray quality welds.
Emphasis is on man and landscape issues and the implications in shaping open space.
Emphasis is on man as a participant in society.
Emphasis is on management controls, computer applications, human factors, and productivity.
Emphasis is on management education, the transfer of know-how and technology and practical training.
Emphasis is on management of corn and soybean pests.
Emphasis is on management of estuaries and near coastal waters.
Emphasis is on management of gynecologic health needs and the normal reproductive cycle.
Emphasis is on management of performing ensembles, materials, teaching techniques, and literature.
Emphasis is on management of production areas.
Emphasis is on management of receivables from both individual and third party payors.
Emphasis is on management principles and styles in all areas of the business.
Emphasis is on management reporting.
Emphasis is on management s use of accounting information.
Emphasis is on management skills.
Emphasis is on management uses of accounting information.
Emphasis is on management, marketing, finance, and economics.
Emphasis is on managerial cost analysis and management decision making.
Emphasis is on managerial decision making.
Emphasis is on managerial planning and control.
Emphasis is on managing an effective and efficient technical system.
Emphasis is on managing an engine crew.
Emphasis is on managing anger and defensiveness in oneself and others.
Emphasis is on managing clients who have life-threatening illnesses or injuries.
Emphasis is on managing ecosystems rather than individual species of plants or animals.
Emphasis is on managing files and the desktop.
Emphasis is on managing financial risk.
Emphasis is on managing productive change by using tested theory in actual workplace situations.
Emphasis is on managing suppression crew.
Emphasis is on managing the marketing function.
Emphasis is on manual accounting systems.
Emphasis is on manual work following modality application.
Emphasis is on marine applications.
Emphasis is on marine organisms with identification by common name.
Emphasis is on marine organisms.
Emphasis is on market models and factor pricing.
Emphasis is on market structures and pricing decisions.
Emphasis is on marketing feature stories and recipe stories to newspapers and magazines.
Emphasis is on marketing in computer-mediated environments.
Emphasis is on marketing practices of leading edge firms and the focus is interdisciplinary.
Emphasis is on marketing strategy and implementation.
Emphasis is on marketing, though all major areas of management are considered.
Emphasis is on marriage and the ability to cooperate with one who is radical.
Emphasis is on Marxist writings.
Emphasis is on mass and energy balances.
Emphasis is on mass spectrometry based analytical strategies and techniques.
Emphasis is on mastering legal terms, concepts and introduction to areas of law.
Emphasis is on mastering legal terms, legal research, writing, and ethics.
Emphasis is on mastering rudimentary survival skills through dialogue and oral presentations.
Emphasis is on mastering the tools and techniques of structured systems analysis.
Emphasis is on mastery of advanced assessment techniques and interdisciplinary communication.
Emphasis is on mastery of basic writing components.
Emphasis is on mastery of materials, personal creative expression and exploration.
Emphasis is on mastery of skills and techniques previously introduced.
Emphasis is on mastery of the basic language skills of understanding, speaking, reading and writing.
Emphasis is on matching technology to curriculum.
Emphasis is on material balance and stoichiometry required for design computation.
Emphasis is on material connected with freshwater and brackish water ecosystems.
Emphasis is on material covered in the first and second summer sessions.
Emphasis is on material covered in the first fall semester.
Emphasis is on material presentation in contemporary urban schools.
Emphasis is on material such as formulas and tables.
Emphasis is on material written by and about gays and lesbians.
Emphasis is on materials and methods, instrumental accompaniment, and vocal participation.
Emphasis is on materials and structural behavior of masonry, concrete, wood and metals.
Emphasis is on materials in Spanish, Chinese, Korean, French, and German.
Emphasis is on materials published in English, French, German, Spanish, and Slavic languages.
Emphasis is on materials selection, construction techniques, and quality standards.
Emphasis is on mathematical analysis.
Emphasis is on mathematical description of integrated systems and system optimization.
Emphasis is on mathematical description of integrated systems and systems opbmization.
Emphasis is on mathematical modeling, analysis, synthesis, control, and simulation.
Emphasis is on mathematical theory in manipulating geometric concepts.
Emphasis is on mathematics applied to the retail industry.
Emphasis is on mathematics that is practical and useful.
Emphasis is on maximizing revenues and profits while complying with the government rules.
Emphasis is on maximum control and officer safety as well as how to control intoxicated individuals.
Emphasis is on meaningful conversational English skills.
Emphasis is on measurement techniques.
Emphasis is on mechanical codes pertaining to installation and inspection practices.
Emphasis is on mechanical correctness and rhetorical development.
Emphasis is on mechanics.
Emphasis is on mechanisms of developmental processes, rather than on anatomy.
Emphasis is on mechanized vegetable production using sustainable practices.
Emphasis is on media, concepts, drawing from observation and development of technique.
Emphasis is on medical aspects of microorganisms associated with infectious diseases of man.
Emphasis is on medical care with rehabilitative therapy to improve or maintain abilities.
Emphasis is on medical writing and publishing articles for journals.
Emphasis is on medically and environmentally important microorganisms.
Emphasis is on Medieval history.
Emphasis is on meeting individual student needs.
Emphasis is on meeting logging requirements rather than silvicultural objectives.
Emphasis is on meeting new friends and relaxing under sail.
Emphasis is on meeting schedules, accurate and complete documentation, and oral and written skills.
Emphasis is on meeting the written communications needs for the technical student.
Emphasis is on member's military service.
Emphasis is on members of underrepresented minority groups.
Emphasis is on memory models and mathematical models of conditioning phenomena.
Emphasis is on memory work and perfection of performance music.
Emphasis is on memory, identity, and various forms of personal writing.
Emphasis is on mental and physical health-care facilities concepts.
Emphasis is on merchandising at the retail level.
Emphasis is on metabolism, cell cycle regulation, mutagenesis, and initiation of cancer.
Emphasis is on metabolism.
Emphasis is on metal alloy systems, but non-metallics are included.
Emphasis is on method development.
Emphasis is on methodologies for modeling, analysis and optimization.
Emphasis is on methodology in pharmacological research.
Emphasis is on methods and on selecting proper statistical techniques for analyzing real situations.
Emphasis is on methods and the development and implementation of research designs.
Emphasis is on methods of analysis, particularly the use of computers.
Emphasis is on methods of light generation, control, product analysis, selection, and specification.
Emphasis is on methods of macroeconomic analysis in the context of current economic issues.
Emphasis is on methods of teaching and vocational curriculum development.
Emphasis is on methods suitable for implementation on a digital computer.
Emphasis is on methods to deliver a training session.
Emphasis is on methods, materials and the philosophy of music as a public school subject.
Emphasis is on Mexico and Central America.
Emphasis is on micro, small, and medium scale enterprises, cooperatives and globalization.
Emphasis is on micro-budget production.
Emphasis is on microcomputer applications.
Emphasis is on microcomputers and microprocessors.
Emphasis is on microeconomic problems as they relate to public finance.
Emphasis is on microeconomics.
Emphasis is on microevolution, population genetics, population ecology, convolution, and adaptation.
Emphasis is on middle school level.
Emphasis is on military and foreign policy, although other topoics are also included.
Emphasis is on mindfulness of others and continous improvement at the work place.
Emphasis is on mineral properties, but the techniques also apply to other resources.
Emphasis is on minerals, rocks, landforms, climate, water and soils.
Emphasis is on mini- and microcomputer modeling, simulation, and design applications.
Emphasis is on minicomputers.
Emphasis is on minimizing return variance on volatile stocks.
Emphasis is on mitigating potential impacts to water and aquatic ecosystems.
Emphasis is on model building and their application to decision making.
Emphasis is on model building, fitting, validation and subsequent inferences.
Emphasis is on model constructions and their applicability to clinical outcomes.
Emphasis is on model understanding, data analysis, and interpretation of results.
Emphasis is on modeling and algorithm development.
Emphasis is on modeling and computational solutions.
Emphasis is on modeling and practical applications.
Emphasis is on modeling and problem solving.
Emphasis is on modeling business applications by using verbal, graphical, and mathematical skills.
Emphasis is on modeling problems and interpreting computer generated solutions.
Emphasis is on modeling, logic, and interpretation of results.
Emphasis is on modeling, manipulating, and understanding signals, systems and information.
Emphasis is on models, their application to data and interpretation.
Emphasis is on moderate jumps, twirling, hops, rib movements, skipping and leaping steps.
Emphasis is on modern China, but comparisons are drawn with dynastic China.
Emphasis is on modern conceptions of management within the en vi ron men tal context.
Emphasis is on modern conceptions of management within the environmental context.
Emphasis is on modern developments in physics.
Emphasis is on modern experimental methods to study excited states of small molecules.
Emphasis is on modern Hebrew.
Emphasis is on modern institutions and practices.
Emphasis is on modern instrumentation and data interpretation.
Emphasis is on modern training methods including tandem training.
Emphasis is on modernist developments in contemporary poetry.
Emphasis is on molecular and cellular aspects.
Emphasis is on molecular mechanisms controlling key developmental processes.
Emphasis is on molecular pathology.
Emphasis is on molecular targets.
Emphasis is on monographic publications.
Emphasis is on more advanced programming concepts.
Emphasis is on more complex file structures and programming problems.
Emphasis is on more complex movement combinations and strength building.
Emphasis is on more sophisticated conversation topics.
Emphasis is on more specialized character portrayal.
Emphasis is on morphology and evolutionary relationships.
Emphasis is on morphology as it relates to function, economic importance, and classification.
Emphasis is on morphology, physiology, classification, and life cycles.
Emphasis is on motivation, self-esteem, and individualized instruction.
Emphasis is on movement for sport, fitness, and activities of daily living.
Emphasis is on movement, control and mental discipline.
Emphasis is on moving progressively toward longer, more complex phrasing.
Emphasis is on multi-camera directing, production planning and visual aesthetics.
Emphasis is on multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary approaches.
Emphasis is on multi-level hints, demonstrations, and explanations.
Emphasis is on multimedia and hypermedia.
Emphasis is on multinational corporations and comparative management approaches.
Emphasis is on multiple open-ended projects.
Emphasis is on multisystem problems.
Emphasis is on multivariate analysis of tabular and statistical data.
Emphasis is on muscle tone, flexibility and cardiovascular conditioning.
Emphasis is on music and film.
Emphasis is on music fundamentals.
Emphasis is on music reading, technique development, and tone control.
Emphasis is on musical accompaniment as it relates to dance pedagogy.
Emphasis is on musical preparation, movement and diction.
Emphasis is on musical styles in appropriate social and cultural context.
Emphasis is on musical understanding through critical listening, score study, and lectures.
Emphasis is on mutual respect of the practices of one's friends and neighbors in the community.
Emphasis is on naked-eye and telescopic observing.
Emphasis is on name, location, and function of structures.
Emphasis is on narrative, descriptive, and expository writing.
Emphasis is on national benchmark comparisons, using a standard that is well above minimum.
Emphasis is on natural methods and low technology, such as herbal remedies and homebirth.
Emphasis is on nature study as much as photography.
Emphasis is on navigation and originality.
Emphasis is on needs assessment, action planning, product development and delivery, and evaluation.
Emphasis is on negotiating safe practices and avoiding coercive or manipulative situations.
Emphasis is on neonatal development, growing swine and adult humans.
Emphasis is on nervous system functioning.
Emphasis is on network administration.
Emphasis is on neuroanatomical and neurophysiological aspects of neuroscience and neuroplasticity.
Emphasis is on neurodevelopmental approach including diverse approaches.
Emphasis is on new and advanced topics and research in bioinformatics.
Emphasis is on new and innovative practic es.
Emphasis is on new approaches to managing operations and logistics that promise strategic advantage.
Emphasis is on new concepts and perspectives to understand the issues in reproductive health.
Emphasis is on new developments and research in informatics.
Emphasis is on new models and prototypes.
Emphasis is on new technologies.
Emphasis is on new vocabulary and idioms, morphology, syntax, and mechanisms of interference.
Emphasis is on New York and Pittsburgh from the Civil War to the present.
Emphasis is on New Zealand and international news.
Emphasis is on newer works.
Emphasis is on newly discovered and previously unpublished works.
Emphasis is on news about health, fitness, nutrition and mental well-being.
Emphasis is on news and documentary.
Emphasis is on news but also includes current affairs and some documentaries.
Emphasis is on news but there is also current affairs, talk shows, etc.
Emphasis is on news relating to the urban centres and surrounding rural districts.
Emphasis is on news value, accuracy and copy preparation.
Emphasis is on newspapers, magazines, radio, television, film, advertising, and public relations.
Emphasis is on nineteenth-century development.
Emphasis is on nomenclature, major functional groups and reactions of organic and biochemicals.
Emphasis is on non-competitive, family fun.
Emphasis is on nonlinear, infinite-dimensional and geometric aspects.
Emphasis is on nonparametric methods.
Emphasis is on non-technical articles that apply economic analysis to practical and policy issues.
Emphasis is on non-toxic paints in choice of opaque and semi or fully polished finishes.
Emphasis is on non-traditional crafts and their relationship to leisure and a balanced lifestyle.
Emphasis is on non-training interventions.
Emphasis is on non-Western societies.
Emphasis is on normal anatomy and basic pathologic patterns.
Emphasis is on normal and abnormal walking and running kinematics and kinetics.
Emphasis is on normal and clinical nutrition, including many aspects of diet therapy.
Emphasis is on normal body function with some pathology.
Emphasis is on normal children.
Emphasis is on normal human development, with some consideration of abnormal development.
Emphasis is on normal nutrition and the interrelationships of nutrients.
Emphasis is on normal regulatory mechanisms and homeostatic processes.
Emphasis is on normal vision and common disorders of the visual system.
Emphasis is on North America and Europe.
Emphasis is on North America and Western Europe.
Emphasis is on North America.
Emphasis is on North American theses.
Emphasis is on North American wildlife, wildlife habitat and the conservation of both.
Emphasis is on North York history, local history and genealogy.
Emphasis is on northern California fungi.
Emphasis is on northwestern U.S., western Canada, and the North Pacific.
Emphasis is on notable Christian thinkers.
Emphasis is on note-reading, basic theory, chord usage and technical development.
Emphasis is on notetaking by listening to short lectures.
Emphasis is on novel collaborations that bring together scientists from different disciplines.
Emphasis is on nuclear structure.
Emphasis is on nucleic acid chemistry, carbohydrates, and immune response.
Emphasis is on nucleic acids and proteins.
Emphasis is on numerical algorithms.
Emphasis is on numerical linear algebra and approximation theory.
Emphasis is on nursing administration, charting, and related subjects.
Emphasis is on nursing intervention and coordination in the context of crisis.
Emphasis is on nursing roles within the multi disciplinary health care team.
Emphasis is on nursing roles within the multidisciplinary health care team.
Emphasis is on nursing situations.
Emphasis is on nutrition and health education to the beneficiaries.
Emphasis is on nutrition in daily life, and regional foods.
Emphasis is on nutrition of individual trees and biochemistry of forest communities and ecosystems.
Emphasis is on object oriented programming techniques, custom behaviors, and content integration.
Emphasis is on object-oriented design.
Emphasis is on objects or people that have been in physical contact.
Emphasis is on observation of, and participation in, the instructional process.
Emphasis is on observation, interviewing, and recording of data, especially on maps and air photos.
Emphasis is on observations, impressions, suggestions.
Emphasis is on obtaining an advanced understanding of strategic and research alternatives.
Emphasis is on obtaining health histories and performing physical assessments.
Emphasis is on offering diverse products to a local customer base.
Emphasis is on officer safety, risk management, and numerous practical applications.
Emphasis is on oil paint as a medium.
Emphasis is on oligopolies and their role in the American economy.
Emphasis is on open discussion and debate of the issues.
Emphasis is on operating principles of four-cycle engines and their repair.
Emphasis is on operation and maintenance of wood lathers and tools.
Emphasis is on operation and maintenance of wood lathes and tools.
Emphasis is on operation and problem-solving in a modern transfusion service.
Emphasis is on opportunities for small and medium sized European companies.
Emphasis is on optimizing plant applications through the proper selection of available technology.
Emphasis is on optimum economic design and the writing of reports.
Emphasis is on oral and reading comprehension and self-expression in speaking and writing.
Emphasis is on oral and reading skills.
Emphasis is on oral and written communication skills.
Emphasis is on oral and written skills.
Emphasis is on oral communication.
Emphasis is on oral comprehension, honorifics, social contexts and reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is on oral comprehension, honorifics, social contexts, and reading and writing skills.
Emphasis is on oral presentations by the students and discussion.
Emphasis is on oral skills with vocabulary building and refinement of pronunciation.
Emphasis is on oral skills, high grammar, American slang and idioms.
Emphasis is on oral skills.
Emphasis is on oral, written and media texts in the discipline of speech communication.
Emphasis is on Orange County, but general material pertaining to North Carolina is welcome.
Emphasis is on orchardgrass and switchgrass.
Emphasis is on orchardgrass and tall fescue.
Emphasis is on organisms in the field and the identification of ecological relationships.
Emphasis is on organization and effective presentation of information in a visual form.
Emphasis is on organization and flow of information.
Emphasis is on organization of ideas and observations into coherent written form.
Emphasis is on organization, preparation, service and meal experience.
Emphasis is on organization, showmanship and supervision.
Emphasis is on organization, structure, and operations.
Emphasis is on organization, territory design, leadership skills, motivation, and cost analysis.
Emphasis is on organizational skills and problem prevention.
Emphasis is on organized programs and services.
Emphasis is on organizing written business communications to meet the readers needs.
Emphasis is on organizing, arranging, and operating trade shows and conventions.
Emphasis is on organizing, conducting and reporting on independent investigation.
Emphasis is on original concepts, creative techniques, and professional handling of materials.
Emphasis is on original design.
Emphasis is on original research literature and on individual projects.
Emphasis is on originality of concept as well as successful application of the software.
Emphasis is on originality of thinking and perceptual awareness.
Emphasis is on originality, creativity, or new approaches.
Emphasis is on origins and diffusion.
Emphasis is on origins of the natural world, human culture, and human understanding.
Emphasis is on osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Emphasis is on outdoor training and related skills.
Emphasis is on outpatient urological problems and procedures.
Emphasis is on outputting film, stripping, platemaking, one and two-color printing.
Emphasis is on outstanding works of the period in their cultural and historical contexts.
Emphasis is on overall program management, scheduling and control.
Emphasis is on overlooked, inexpensive or cost-free methods to boost sales.
Emphasis is on overview of automotive technology as a career choice.
Emphasis is on overview texts and useful anthologies.
Emphasis is on oxygen-dependent mechanisms of cerebrovascular regulation.
Emphasis is on painting and sculpture.
Emphasis is on painting from life, and imagination.
Emphasis is on painting from still life, models and the imagination.
Emphasis is on painting from still life, models, and the imagination.
Emphasis is on paragraph structure leading to report writing in a five-paragraph essay.
Emphasis is on paragraph unity, coherence, and emphasis.
Emphasis is on parental involvement.
Emphasis is on parenting techniques and systematic home learning tasks.
Emphasis is on participant rather than performance-oriented dramatic activities.
Emphasis is on participating in school improvement and services to youth.
Emphasis is on participation and interaction.
Emphasis is on participation and sportsmanship.
Emphasis is on participation as a fencer and judge.
Emphasis is on participation in advanced governing operation and policy making.
Emphasis is on participation of the United States in the war.
Emphasis is on participation.
Emphasis is on partnerships for joint study and joint action.
Emphasis is on parts of speech, sentence structure, grammar, and punctuation.
Emphasis is on pathogenesis, etiology, and pathologic description of the lesions.
Emphasis is on patient instruction and management.
Emphasis is on patient management and treatment considerations.
Emphasis is on pattern and fabric selection and construction techniques.
Emphasis is on patterns, linkage, and relationships.
Emphasis is on payroll accounting procedures and practices, and on payroll tax reports.
Emphasis is on payroll, sales and excise tax reports.
Emphasis is on PC-based instrumentation.
Emphasis is on pencil sketching and pre-rendering.
Emphasis is on people and their employment.
Emphasis is on people as products of groups, social interaction, and social forces.
Emphasis is on people issues and the understanding of nonprofit legal and accounting issues.
Emphasis is on perfecting skills and creative pattern designing.
Emphasis is on performance analysis of representative multi-access procedures.
Emphasis is on performance and achievement by utilizing the talents of people.
Emphasis is on performance and choreography with daily studio work in modern and ballet.
Emphasis is on performance and musicianship skills.
Emphasis is on performance and production with a variety of costumes.
Emphasis is on performance in a radio and television studio environment.
Emphasis is on performance in oral interpretation and communication and argumentation in debate.
Emphasis is on performance of literature for small ensembles.
Emphasis is on performance or teaching.
Emphasis is on performance techniques and the characteristics of style.
Emphasis is on performance through a variety of speaking and debating situations.
Emphasis is on performance.
Emphasis is on performance-oriented training.
Emphasis is on performing experiments and on problem solving.
Emphasis is on performing or teaching.
Emphasis is on performing quality choral literature while developing good vocal technique.
Emphasis is on performing the complete blood count and routine urinalysis.
Emphasis is on periodic member self-evaluation and inspection as a part of everyday operations.
Emphasis is on periodicals published in English in Japan.
Emphasis is on personal and creative expression through exploration of the dramatic arts.
Emphasis is on personal and vehicle safety, environmental awareness and fun.
Emphasis is on personal autonomy and mobility.
Emphasis is on personal commitment to the use of research in practice.
Emphasis is on personal expression and quality work.
Emphasis is on personal expression through a knowledge of structure and design.
Emphasis is on personal expression.
Emphasis is on personal goal setting and a sense of accomplishment.
Emphasis is on personal growth and community.
Emphasis is on personal growth with each class and assignment being a new challenge.
Emphasis is on personal health assessment and strategies for coping with stress.
Emphasis is on personal interpretation of anatomy as it relates to the human figure.
Emphasis is on personal involvement and direction.
Emphasis is on personal involvement.
Emphasis is on personal safety rather than on protection of collections.
Emphasis is on personal solutions to problems, craftsmanship, and safety.
Emphasis is on personal style, experimentation, craftsmanship, and creativity.
Emphasis is on personal vocal development and sight reading skills.
Emphasis is on personal writing.
Emphasis is on personalized service and the camaraderie of a small group.
Emphasis is on persuasive speaking.
Emphasis is on pest identification, cultural control and chemical control.
Emphasis is on pest problems and cultural requirements.
Emphasis is on pharmacokinetics and pharmacotherapeutics of major drug classifications.
Emphasis is on pharmacological mechanisms of action and toxicity.
Emphasis is on phenomena associated with the magnetic properties of materials.
Emphasis is on phenomenological theorists.
Emphasis is on philosophical understanding of the self , others and the profession.
Emphasis is on philosophy and arts in American culture.
Emphasis is on philosophy and concepts of mathematics.
Emphasis is on phonetics, the mechanics of vocal sound, and oral readings.
Emphasis is on phonics, word analysis, vocabulary development and comprehension.
Emphasis is on photographic communication.
Emphasis is on photography as a complement to printed material.
Emphasis is on photojournalistic style and content.
Emphasis is on phyiscal processes at work in the marine environment.
Emphasis is on phylogeny, ecology, behavior, and adaptiveness of structure and function.
Emphasis is on physical and chemical properties, water, organic matter and life of soils.
Emphasis is on physical applications.
Emphasis is on physical assessment, patient management, and critical-thinking skills.
Emphasis is on physical conditioning and self defense rather than competition.
Emphasis is on physical construction and fabrication methods.
Emphasis is on physical design and on performance analysis.
Emphasis is on physical features.
Emphasis is on physical fitness and skill development in popular life-long recreational activities.
Emphasis is on physical fitness, body tone and coordination.
Emphasis is on physical geography and cultural regions.
Emphasis is on physical interpretation.
Emphasis is on physical modelling, signal processing, pattern recognition, real time control etc.
Emphasis is on physical movement, ensemble work, character development and acting in opera.
Emphasis is on physical optics.
Emphasis is on physical processes at work in the marine environment.
Emphasis is on physical processes in the early universe.
Emphasis is on physical therapy assessment, gross motor development and movement analysis.
Emphasis is on physical, emotional, and social development.
Emphasis is on physical, information and personnel security.
Emphasis is on physical, intellectual, and social development.
Emphasis is on physiological functions associated with productivity.
Emphasis is on piano, clarinet, flute and saxophone.
Emphasis is on Pine Hill's goals, activities and interaction with children.
Emphasis is on pitch awareness and perception.
Emphasis is on planar mechanisms.
Emphasis is on planning and control for profit-seeking enterprises.
Emphasis is on planning and managing the project.
Emphasis is on planning of food service systems and financial control.
Emphasis is on planning rather than planting.
Emphasis is on planning, constraint satisfaction, and common sense reasoning.
Emphasis is on planning, constraint satisfaction, and commonsense reasoning.
Emphasis is on planning, executing, and evaluating activity and performance.
Emphasis is on planning, implementation, and evaluation strategies.
Emphasis is on planning, leadership skills, exercises, and creative leadership techniques.
Emphasis is on planning, organizing, controlling, directing, and communicating.
Emphasis is on planning, producing, and interpreting messages in a particular context.
Emphasis is on planning, scheduling, constraint satisfaction, and reasoning about action.
Emphasis is on planning, structural design, and principles of engineering.
Emphasis is on plant and animal systems, evolution and ecology.
Emphasis is on plant growth, development and regulatory mechanisms.
Emphasis is on plant identification.
Emphasis is on plant materials from a functional and aesthetic point of view.
Emphasis is on plant relationships.
Emphasis is on plant responses to microbes and mechanisms of disease resistance.
Emphasis is on plant systematics and natural history.
Emphasis is on plants, vegetation, and habitat.
Emphasis is on plate printing.
Emphasis is on plate tectonic setting.
Emphasis is on play and creative experience in the home setting for children.
Emphasis is on player and team statistics.
Emphasis is on playing for fun, exercise, comaraderie and experience.
Emphasis is on playing in a league format.
Emphasis is on playing techniques, percussion notation, and diagnosis of student problems.
Emphasis is on playing the sport.
Emphasis is on plumbing codes related to installation and inspection.
Emphasis is on podiatric medicine as an integral part of total health care.
Emphasis is on poise, eye-contact, and awareness of audience response.
Emphasis is on police management, operations, and the role of police in contemporary society.
Emphasis is on policies, regulations, and economics.
Emphasis is on policy analysis in the public sector.
Emphasis is on political and intellectual developments.
Emphasis is on political systems, intellectual and religious history, and cultural development.
Emphasis is on political systems, intellectual and religious history, and cultural developments.
Emphasis is on political, economic, historical, and military issues.
Emphasis is on political, economic, social and diplomatic history.
Emphasis is on pollution in chemical, physical, and biological terms.
Emphasis is on pollution prevention techniques, practices, and case studies.
Emphasis is on polymers that are significant in packaging.
Emphasis is on polymetric materials.
Emphasis is on poor and disenfranchised populations in the United States and abroad.
Emphasis is on popular music more than world music.
Emphasis is on portable television equipment suitable for school or small business applications.
Emphasis is on positioning and handling techniques.
Emphasis is on positive alternatives to punishment in shaping behavior of children.
Emphasis is on positive health behavior and personal responsibility.
Emphasis is on positive mental attitude and personal growth.
Emphasis is on positive reinforcement.
Emphasis is on possible biases that can occur in epidemiologic research.
Emphasis is on possible definitions, development, forms, and modes of the genre.
Emphasis is on post-Civil War period.
Emphasis is on post-medieval history.
Emphasis is on post-war film.
Emphasis is on post-World War II policies.
Emphasis is on potential breastfeeding problems with real-life solutions.
Emphasis is on power through full and natural body movement.
Emphasis is on power transmission by mechanical means.
Emphasis is on practical accounting applications.
Emphasis is on practical and viable solutions.
Emphasis is on practical application and includes a focus on sports nutrition.
Emphasis is on practical application and integration of public relations and advertising techniques.
Emphasis is on practical application and the use of relevant tools and techniques.
Emphasis is on practical application for the classroom.
Emphasis is on practical application in a small group of qualified instrumentalists.
Emphasis is on practical application in the school setting.
Emphasis is on practical application in written and spoken English.
Emphasis is on practical application of concepts with live performers.
Emphasis is on practical application of curriculum concepts to the health care setting.
Emphasis is on practical application of proven techniques in promoting excellent customer relations.
Emphasis is on practical application of self defense movements.
Emphasis is on practical application of skills and knowledge.
Emphasis is on practical application of the student's career concentration area.
Emphasis is on practical application self defense movements.
Emphasis is on practical application, utilizing a research and academic base.
Emphasis is on practical application.
Emphasis is on practical applications and new developments in polymer chemistry.
Emphasis is on practical applications in physics, engineering, the life sciences, and everyday life.
Emphasis is on practical applications including computer experience.
Emphasis is on practical applications more than theory.
Emphasis is on practical applications of research. .
Emphasis is on practical applications of statistical software and data interpretation.
Emphasis is on practical applications of techniques in a variety of different environments.
Emphasis is on practical applications of theories and analysis to policy problems.
Emphasis is on practical applications rather than theory and proof.
Emphasis is on practical applications.
Emphasis is on practical approach for teachers.
Emphasis is on practical aspects of aquatic chemistry.
Emphasis is on practical aspects of design and development.
Emphasis is on practical boiler related experiences.
Emphasis is on practical circuit design and assembly.
Emphasis is on practical communication in the form of letters and other business-related documents.
Emphasis is on practical communication.
Emphasis is on practical design problems and the formulation of design objectives.
Emphasis is on practical design, using case studies provided by local industries.
Emphasis is on practical dialogue design.
Emphasis is on practical English, vocabulary building, and beginning reading skills.
Emphasis is on practical English, vocabulary building, and beginning reading.
Emphasis is on practical experience by consulting with local businesses.
Emphasis is on practical experience in developing a sense of lighting aesthetics.
Emphasis is on practical experiences in detecting and correcting errors.
Emphasis is on practical experiences that enhance concepts introduced in the classroom.
Emphasis is on practical hands-on experience supplemented by background readings.
Emphasis is on practical hands-on troubleshooting and repair.
Emphasis is on practical information and suggestions.
Emphasis is on practical information which the student can use now and in the future.
Emphasis is on practical installation techniques using industry standards.
Emphasis is on practical life skills needed by adults.
Emphasis is on practical matters, particularly testing issues.
Emphasis is on practical methods and solutions to problems found on the construction job site.
Emphasis is on practical methods of data analysis and their interpretation.
Emphasis is on practical operational issues.
Emphasis is on practical rather than theoretical material.
Emphasis is on practical self defense training.
Emphasis is on practical skills needed to create a uniform estate plan.
Emphasis is on practical skills which are helpful to think like an attorney about the law.
Emphasis is on practical skills, professionalism, and business education.
Emphasis is on practical strategies.
Emphasis is on practical student experience including practical experience outside of classroom.
Emphasis is on practical suggestions for use in the classroom.
Emphasis is on practical understanding of the language.
Emphasis is on practical uses for the operating system.
Emphasis is on practical utilization of instrumentation in the field of analytical chemistry.
Emphasis is on practical work done on campus and in nearby natural settings.
Emphasis is on practical, hands-on learning experiences.
Emphasis is on practicality, with many readings from the practitioner literature and small projects.
Emphasis is on practicality.
Emphasis is on practice and problem-solving through the use of simulated business problems.
Emphasis is on practice and theory for drawing from photographic reference and actual models.
Emphasis is on practice rather than theory.
Emphasis is on practice with the state vocational rehabilitation agency serving as a major employer.
Emphasis is on practices that maximize profit and minimize environmental impact.
Emphasis is on practicing technical skills and learning the basics of photographic composition.
Emphasis is on precise data collection, analysis and interpretation of biological data.
Emphasis is on precision teaching, individualized instruction, and alternative strategies.
Emphasis is on predicting and quantifying the results and value-added of government programs.
Emphasis is on predicting the accuracy of approximate numerical results.
Emphasis is on premise, basis, criteria, method, evidence, repetition, and confirmation.
Emphasis is on preparation for administrative and helping roles.
Emphasis is on preparation for biological applications.
Emphasis is on preparation for professional careers in research, teaching, and human services.
Emphasis is on preparation of descriptive materials for archiving and publication.
Emphasis is on preparation to perform both clerical duties and clinical duties in a medical office.
Emphasis is on prepared auditions, cold readings and preparation of visual and written materials.
Emphasis is on preparedness, organization, safety, level of interest.
Emphasis is on preparing and writing legal briefs and other documents related to legal research.
Emphasis is on preparing individuals for the roles and duties of work-based program coordinators.
Emphasis is on preparing leaders who can shape and interpret policy.
Emphasis is on preparing students for first learning experiences in kindergarten.
Emphasis is on preparing students to participate in partnership with families.
Emphasis is on preparing the student to be a research consumer.
Emphasis is on prescribing effective exercise programs.
Emphasis is on prescription drugs, but over the counter medications are also included.
Emphasis is on prescription interpretation, focimetry, and finishing techniques.
Emphasis is on prescription reading, calculations, preparation, compounding, and dispensing.
Emphasis is on presentation and location of many of our local native species.
Emphasis is on presentation and selling techniques for residential and commercial design.
Emphasis is on presentation and technique.
Emphasis is on presentation of analysis and recommendations for strategies and policies.
Emphasis is on presentation of results and their application.
Emphasis is on presentations before microphones and cameras.
Emphasis is on present-day France.
Emphasis is on preserving the family and developing effective social-cognitive skills.
Emphasis is on preserving, conserving and enhancing our natural resources.
Emphasis is on preventing crises by meeting needs early.
Emphasis is on preventing disabilities, when possible.
Emphasis is on preventing disputes and developing an awareness of when legal assistance is needed.
Emphasis is on preventing emphysema through public educational programs.
Emphasis is on prevention and control programs in dental health.
Emphasis is on prevention and early resolution.
Emphasis is on prevention and healthy life-style choices.
Emphasis is on prevention and solution of reading difficulties.
Emphasis is on prevention of attacks by avoiding fasting and drugs that precipitate the symptoms.
Emphasis is on prevention of illness and disease, and a healthy campus environment.
Emphasis is on prevention of illness and rights to health care access.
Emphasis is on prevention of illness, health education, health promotion and health maintenance.
Emphasis is on prevention of litigation.
Emphasis is on prevention, and there are explanations of treatments and causes.
Emphasis is on prevention, decision making, and treatment.
Emphasis is on prevention, early detection, and short-term treatment.
Emphasis is on prevention.
Emphasis is on preventive care.
Emphasis is on preview, review, Goethean conversation, and application in daily life.
Emphasis is on previously unpublished manuscripts.
Emphasis is on primary care of the client in the context of a family unit.
Emphasis is on primary care of the family unit.
Emphasis is on primary care problems with substantial overlap in the major medical specialties.
Emphasis is on primary source works rather than on secondary versions.
Emphasis is on primary, secondary, and tertiary prevention of health problems.
Emphasis is on primitive and peasant societies.
Emphasis is on primitive skills.
Emphasis is on principal theories and practices in contemporary educational settings.
Emphasis is on principles and applications of theory.
Emphasis is on principles and equipment design and application.
Emphasis is on principles of interpretation and dealing with problem texts.
Emphasis is on principles of operation of the various instruments.
Emphasis is on principles related to civil liberties and civil rights.
Emphasis is on principles which deal with the nature of virulence and mechanisms of host defense.
Emphasis is on principles, concepts, theories, and methods rather than findings of research.
Emphasis is on principles, concepts, theories, methods, etc., rather than findings of research.
Emphasis is on principles, equipment design, and application.
Emphasis is on principles, methods and materials for elementary music instruction.
Emphasis is on print advertising, but radio and television commercials are also included.
Emphasis is on print media skills and concepts.
Emphasis is on print.
Emphasis is on privacy and comfort.
Emphasis is on privacy and security concerns.
Emphasis is on private institutions and organizations.
Emphasis is on proactive strategies that promote learning and prosocial behavior.
Emphasis is on probability distributions.
Emphasis is on problem analysis and solution design, documentation and implementation.
Emphasis is on problem analysis and structured programming.
Emphasis is on problem analysis solution design, documentation and implementation.
Emphasis is on problem analysis, algorithms, and structured programming.
Emphasis is on problem formulations and their implications for management decisions.
Emphasis is on problem identification, and the collection, analysis, and presentation of evidence.
Emphasis is on problem recognition, formulation, and statistical thinking.
Emphasis is on problem solving and case analysis.
Emphasis is on problem solving and decision making within the international marketing environment.
Emphasis is on problem solving and hands-on experiences.
Emphasis is on problem solving and the development of useful skills in applied mathematics.
Emphasis is on problem solving applications.
Emphasis is on problem solving approach and solution methodology.
Emphasis is on problem solving in the geo-sciences.
Emphasis is on problem solving techniques and writing engineering reports.
Emphasis is on problem solving that relates physics to everyday life.
Emphasis is on problem solving through software and assessing the quality of solutions obtained.
Emphasis is on problem solving using the tools of population and quantitative genetics theory.
Emphasis is on problem solving using vector notation.
Emphasis is on problem solving, collaborative work, computer exploration, writing.
Emphasis is on problem solving, discussion of competency checklists used in fieldwork.
Emphasis is on problem solving, experimental technique, data analysis, and independent work.
Emphasis is on problem solving, including assessments and management plans.
Emphasis is on problem solving, observation, classification, and estimation.
Emphasis is on problem solving, real data collection, and analysis using the graphing calculator.
Emphasis is on problem solving, reasoning, and communication skills.
Emphasis is on problem solving, statistical reasoning, applications and interpretation of results.
Emphasis is on problem solving.
Emphasis is on problems of breeding, feeding, management and marketing.
Emphasis is on problems of leadership, motivation, and the development of policy-making.
Emphasis is on problems unsolvable without the mathematical techniques used.
Emphasis is on problem-solving and laboratory investigation.
Emphasis is on problem-solving and structural determination from spectroscopic data.
Emphasis is on problem-solving and structured program design methodologies.
Emphasis is on problem-solving projects and learning the vocabulary of design and color.
Emphasis is on problem-solving techniques and modeling positive behavior.
Emphasis is on problem-solving, collaborative work, computer exploration, writing.
Emphasis is on problem-solving, critical thinking and teamwork.
Emphasis is on problem-solving.
Emphasis is on procedure.
Emphasis is on procedures and sequence.
Emphasis is on procedures and techniques that are practical enough to be applied to projects today.
Emphasis is on process development and personal creative growth.
Emphasis is on process industry applications.
Emphasis is on process skills, concepts, schema, attitudes, and values of science.
Emphasis is on process.
Emphasis is on processes for scheduling, budgeting, and controlling projects.
Emphasis is on processes for scheduling, budgeting, andcontrolling projects.
Emphasis is on processes involved in selection and management of personnel in public organizations.
Emphasis is on processes of making inferences from physical remains.
Emphasis is on processes responsible for geographic patterns of the physical phenomenon.
Emphasis is on producing a working knowledge of polling techniques.
Emphasis is on producing business at a profit.
Emphasis is on producing camera-ready copy and the production of the finished product.
Emphasis is on producing convincing visualization of designs for rapid prototyping.
Emphasis is on producing highly drinkable wines, true to varietal character.
Emphasis is on producing wine of the highest quality while caring for planet and palate alike.
Emphasis is on producing, editing and refining an in-depth photographic essay.
Emphasis is on product and industry information.
Emphasis is on product development and the development of new technology.
Emphasis is on product pricing, service pricing, costing issues, and third-party payment methods.
Emphasis is on production efficiency.
Emphasis is on production of defect-free ingots.
Emphasis is on production of mailable documents utilizing correct terminology and grammar skills.
Emphasis is on production, with manuscript selection and editing being critical aspects.
Emphasis is on productivity and excellence in legal document production.
Emphasis is on productivity, food webs, nutrient cycling, and community ecology.
Emphasis is on products and consumer events.
Emphasis is on products' biotechnology and commercial aspects.
Emphasis is on products for programming as opposed to programming services or applications products.
Emphasis is on products, strategies, and website design.
Emphasis is on professional as well as parental aspects of child development.
Emphasis is on professional communication practices.
Emphasis is on professional materials.
Emphasis is on professional organizations but also includes academic positions.
Emphasis is on professional presentation.
Emphasis is on professional qualifications and expertise.
Emphasis is on professionalism and ethics.
Emphasis is on professionalism.
Emphasis is on proficiency.
Emphasis is on program design and development of good programming style.
Emphasis is on program design and development, and nutritional practices of the student.
Emphasis is on program design, algorithms and abstraction.
Emphasis is on program design, management, and evaluation of health promotion in industry.
Emphasis is on program development and presentation.
Emphasis is on program development from conception, production and evaluation.
Emphasis is on program formulation and good programming procedures.
Emphasis is on program logic and user interface design.
Emphasis is on program management and technical assistance to agency managers on problems.
Emphasis is on program models and practice techniques.
Emphasis is on programmable logic controllers.
Emphasis is on programmatic waste collection and processing sterile environments.
Emphasis is on programming and production of complex parts.
Emphasis is on programming based upon an educational diagnosis.
Emphasis is on programming for information systems, and distributed applications.
Emphasis is on programming in a microcomputer environment.
Emphasis is on programming methodology, problem solving, structure, and representation of data.
Emphasis is on programming techniques required to support network applications.
Emphasis is on programming techniques, style and documentation.
Emphasis is on programs at college and university levels, and on resources from recent years.
Emphasis is on progression, safety and legal concerns of exercise as a therapeutic intervention.
Emphasis is on progression, safety, and legal concerns of exercise as a therapeutic intervention.
Emphasis is on project definition, documentation, installation, testing, presentation, and training.
Emphasis is on project planning and implementation, technical communications skills, and team work.
Emphasis is on projects implementing innovative approaches to education.
Emphasis is on projects that integrate scientific disciplines on larger geographic areas.
Emphasis is on projects with actual start-up companies.
Emphasis is on promoting independence in exercise.
Emphasis is on promoting physical, cognitive, psychosocial and spiritual well-being.
Emphasis is on promoting storytelling in the classroom.
Emphasis is on promotion of an inclusive school culture that values fairness and equity.
Emphasis is on promotion of health for individuals, families and communities.
Emphasis is on promotion of soccer as a life long, family oriented activity.
Emphasis is on prompt, caring, skilled professional service at reasonable cost.
Emphasis is on pronunciation and understanding through tapes and videos.
Emphasis is on pronunciation for the stage and readings of Italian song texts.
Emphasis is on pronunciation for the stage.
Emphasis is on pronunciation, comprehension, and oral expression.
Emphasis is on pronunciation, vocabulary acquisition and gaining basic cultural knowledge of Prague.
Emphasis is on pronunciation, vocabulary and sentence structure.
Emphasis is on pronunciation, vocabulary, and sentence structure.
Emphasis is on proofreading, language skills and production of usable documents.
Emphasis is on proofs.
Emphasis is on proper algorithm development and understanding precision accuracy.
Emphasis is on proper anchoring, straightening, and full and partial part replacement.
Emphasis is on proper angle of attack and exploding into the defender on initial contact.
Emphasis is on proper food selection.
Emphasis is on proper footwork, swing, delivery, scoring and bowling ethics.
Emphasis is on proper handling techniques to avoid contamination or injury.
Emphasis is on proper planning and interpretation of experiment results.
Emphasis is on proper preparation of employment taxforms and required timely federal tax deposits.
Emphasis is on proper stroke technique and enjoyment of the game.
Emphasis is on proper strokes and strategies.
Emphasis is on proper technique and safe training.
Emphasis is on proper technique selection and decision-making with regard to statistical analysis.
Emphasis is on proper techniques and strategies for playing softball.
Emphasis is on proper use of breath, range of motion, clear initiation and sequencing.
Emphasis is on proper, responsible choice of pest control method and environmental concerns.
Emphasis is on properly balanced development.
Emphasis is on properness.
Emphasis is on property, liability and life exposures to loss at a personal lines level.
Emphasis is on proportion, anatomy, and principles of human structure and movement.
Emphasis is on proselytization by persuation.
Emphasis is on prostate, bladder, kidney and testicular cancer.
Emphasis is on proteins involved in signaling.
Emphasis is on protozoan parasites of oysters, blue crabs and fishes.
Emphasis is on proven techniques, using flow schematics and control diagrams.
Emphasis is on provididng hands-on experience.
Emphasis is on providing a managerial perspective of financial institutions.
Emphasis is on providing an appropriate level of soccer for all interested children.
Emphasis is on providing comfort and relief from pain.
Emphasis is on providing information or access in a way meaningful to the target community.
Emphasis is on providing needed care that meets the patient's schedule.
Emphasis is on providing skills to practice in admnistrative law.
Emphasis is on providing students with a background in the structure of the language.
Emphasis is on providing the knowledge necessary to support security management decisions.
Emphasis is on providing the user with a wide range of basic and advanced functionality.
Emphasis is on psychoanalytic development of gay men in terms of positive self-esteem.
Emphasis is on psychological and sociological models and current research from the literature.
Emphasis is on psychological changes during life.
Emphasis is on psychological factors in deviant and disturbed behavior and treatment procedures.
Emphasis is on psychology as a research enterprise.
Emphasis is on psychomotor, cognitive and affective development through movement.
Emphasis is on psycho-social concepts related to mental health.
Emphasis is on public attitudes, selection factors in treatment, and treatment evaluation.
Emphasis is on public issues, national priorities, and civil liberties.
Emphasis is on public libraries, but of interest to other types of libraries.
Emphasis is on public opinion polling via survey and focus group research.
Emphasis is on public policy.
Emphasis is on public school applications.
Emphasis is on public transportation.
Emphasis is on public, academic and special libraries as well as other institutions and agencies.
Emphasis is on publication and print media design for digital and offset reproduction.
Emphasis is on publications from Latin America and Spain.
Emphasis is on publishable work.
Emphasis is on publishing in journal articles, book reviews, and abstracts.
Emphasis is on Puerto Rican literature.
Emphasis is on pumps installed in the auxiliary systems of the primary nuclear stream supply system.
Emphasis is on punctuation, capitalization, spelling, grammar, and word use.
Emphasis is on qualitative methods.
Emphasis is on quality and offering a safe and nurturing environment.
Emphasis is on quality and service.
Emphasis is on quality at a reasonable cost.
Emphasis is on quality components, reliability, and safety.
Emphasis is on quality construction and lifestyle.
Emphasis is on quality free time, offering a choice of fun and challenging activities.
Emphasis is on quality information for nurses.
Emphasis is on quality medicine with endoscopy, ultrasound, advanced dentistry, etc.
Emphasis is on quality of discussion, course organization, interest level.
Emphasis is on quality of life rather than length of life.
Emphasis is on quality performance.
Emphasis is on quality service at a fair price.
Emphasis is on quality undergraduate teaching.
Emphasis is on quality, accuracy, and problem solving.
Emphasis is on quality, freshness, nutrition and appealing presentation.
Emphasis is on quantitative analysis of velocities, pressures, shear stresses, and flow forces.
Emphasis is on quantitative analysis.
Emphasis is on quantitative as well as qualitative methodology.
Emphasis is on quantitative aspects of surface water.
Emphasis is on quantitative derivation.
Emphasis is on quantitative genetic problems.
Emphasis is on quantitative relationships in all areas.
Emphasis is on quantitative techniques used in conjunction with accounting information.
Emphasis is on quantity cookery and distribution.
Emphasis is on quantity food preparation.
Emphasis is on questions in Maryland law, but topics of national interest are also addressed.
Emphasis is on quick return of high-quality sequence data at low cost.
Emphasis is on race and ethnicity in the United States.
Emphasis is on radiation hygiene and evaluation of techniques for obtaining diagnostic radiographs.
Emphasis is on rain water catchment, shallow wells development and sanitation.
Emphasis is on range of motion.
Emphasis is on rapid and accurate interpretation.
Emphasis is on rapid data access and effective exploration of the data.
Emphasis is on rapid expansion of vocabulary and thorough understanding of grammatical patterns.
Emphasis is on rapid resolution of acute distress and return to functioning.
Emphasis is on rapidly emerging multinational corporations.
Emphasis is on reaction mechanisms and spectroscopic methods of analysis of organic molecules.
Emphasis is on reaction mechanisms, stereochemistry, and functional group characteristics.
Emphasis is on reactions catalyzed by mammalian peroxidases.
Emphasis is on readability and accuracy.
Emphasis is on reading adapted works, both fiction and non-fiction.
Emphasis is on reading aloud to perfect oral-aural skills.
Emphasis is on reading and discussing original research papers.
Emphasis is on reading and listening and viewing comprehension.
Emphasis is on reading and listening comprehension and oral and written communication in Spanish.
Emphasis is on reading and listening comprehension, and oral and written communication.
Emphasis is on reading and making up stories.
Emphasis is on reading and signing exact English.
Emphasis is on reading and understanding accounting documents rather than on their preparation.
Emphasis is on reading and understanding accounting documents rather than preparation.
Emphasis is on reading and understanding accounting documents rather than upon their preparation.
Emphasis is on reading and writing agrumentative prose.
Emphasis is on reading and writing skills, as well as fundamental aspects of culture.
Emphasis is on reading and writing.
Emphasis is on reading as a developmental process.
Emphasis is on reading as a stage in the writing process.
Emphasis is on reading authentic Japanese texts and discussion of the material.
Emphasis is on reading comprehension and types of literature.
Emphasis is on reading comprehension, problem solving and critical thinking.
Emphasis is on reading comprehension.
Emphasis is on reading in depth and on critical thinking.
Emphasis is on reading music and getting acquainted with band and orchestra instruments.
Emphasis is on reading of original research literature.
Emphasis is on reading passages from academic texts and a short, unadapted novel.
Emphasis is on reading skills that are basic to improving general reading comprehension.
Emphasis is on reading texts dealing with Japanese life and culture.
Emphasis is on reading unabridged academic passages and a full-length unadapted novel.
Emphasis is on reading words instead of reading ideas.
Emphasis is on reading, basic grammatical structure acquisition, oral interaction, and writing.
Emphasis is on reading, completing and understanding household and commercial forms.
Emphasis is on reading, grammatical structure acquisition, oral interaction, and writing.
Emphasis is on reading, reflection, communication, and composition.
Emphasis is on reading, writing, and math.
Emphasis is on reading, writing, listening, speaking, vocabulary,and grammar.
Emphasis is on readings, discussion and analyses.
Emphasis is on readings, discussion, and analyses.
Emphasis is on real commercial projects in the workplace.
Emphasis is on realistic control of their life.
Emphasis is on realistic representation and visual observation.
Emphasis is on real-life applications through word problems in business and computing.
Emphasis is on real-life applications.
Emphasis is on real-time systems requirements analysis and design.
Emphasis is on real-world applications.
Emphasis is on recent and important experimental findings and on theoretical development.
Emphasis is on recent developments and applications.
Emphasis is on recent developments and implementations.
Emphasis is on recent films.
Emphasis is on recent information from landers and fly-by probes.
Emphasis is on recent linguistic models.
Emphasis is on recent literature.
Emphasis is on recent movements, with some exploration of three-dimensional forms.
Emphasis is on recent research and current practice to achieve strategic sourcing objectives.
Emphasis is on recent research findings and implications.
Emphasis is on recent research information and on-farm and golf course applications.
Emphasis is on recent theory and research in the teaching of writing.
Emphasis is on recent, timely publications.
Emphasis is on receptive abilities.
Emphasis is on receptive and expressive learning modalities and the theories dealing with causes.
Emphasis is on receptive as well as expressive abilities.
Emphasis is on recognition and control.
Emphasis is on recognition and use of basic punctuation, parts of speech, and sentence components.
Emphasis is on recognition of clinically significant rhythms.
Emphasis is on recognition of fact patterns producing taxable events and planning to minimize taxes.
Emphasis is on recognition of healthy gingival characteristics and early disease progression.
Emphasis is on recognizing the attributes of new and less frequently used cultivars.
Emphasis is on recommendations for and monitoring of drug therapy.
Emphasis is on record organization using structures and disk-based function analysis and pointers.
Emphasis is on record organization using structures and disk-based storage systems.
Emphasis is on recovery of special qualities and functions of oral narrative.
Emphasis is on re-creating historical tactics and events.
Emphasis is on recreational reading and homework support.
Emphasis is on recreational use and water safety.
Emphasis is on rediscovering and reclaiming female power and combining politics with spirituality.
Emphasis is on reds and blacks.
Emphasis is on reference and research aids.
Emphasis is on reflection that changes and informs practice.
Emphasis is on reflective learning.
Emphasis is on regaining movement of the hip, strengthening the hip muscles, and improving walking.
Emphasis is on regional authors and unique genres.
Emphasis is on regional differences and interrelationships.
Emphasis is on regional history, cowboys, farm and ranch artifacts, pioneer weapons.
Emphasis is on regional history, geography and earth science.
Emphasis is on regional patterns within the state.
Emphasis is on regional studies.
Emphasis is on regulation, reimbursement, care delivery and systemic management.
Emphasis is on regulatory mechanisms and cellular function.
Emphasis is on rehabilitation and quality of life.
Emphasis is on rehabilitation and self sufficient motor skills.
Emphasis is on relating materials to small animals as well as large animals.
Emphasis is on relating the material to real-life situations.
Emphasis is on relation of the above topics to medicine.
Emphasis is on relational databases.
Emphasis is on relations with the United States.
Emphasis is on relationship of structure to function in human systems.
Emphasis is on relativity of perspective.
Emphasis is on relaxation and enjoyment.
Emphasis is on relaxation.
Emphasis is on relevance, conciseness, and organization, rather than volume of words.
Emphasis is on relevancy and bottom-line effectiveness.
Emphasis is on relief and full figure over an armature, using live models.
Emphasis is on remote objects at billions of light years away.
Emphasis is on removing, sharpening, and replacing jointer and planer knives.
Emphasis is on rendering life-like form in terms of the human structure.
Emphasis is on repair skills and test equipment.
Emphasis is on reporting but useful tips for any type of research in mass media.
Emphasis is on reporting for business enterprises and other related topics.
Emphasis is on research affecting the health of significant numbers of children.
Emphasis is on research and development, with the initiatives being demand-led.
Emphasis is on research and evaluation with the diverse populations of the region.
Emphasis is on research and practical applications of meteorological principles.
Emphasis is on research and scholarship as opposed to clinical application.
Emphasis is on research and the preparation of one major research paper.
Emphasis is on research and theory and parenting education strategies.
Emphasis is on research and theory relevant to adult learning and development.
Emphasis is on research applications and clinical implications.
Emphasis is on research at the county level and all is the work of volunteers.
Emphasis is on research basic and applied.
Emphasis is on research design and the use of statistical techniques for decision-making.
Emphasis is on research in nursing as it relates to the current and future practice of nursing.
Emphasis is on research leading to a thesis of high caliber.
Emphasis is on research literature and upper undergraduate and graduate materials.
Emphasis is on research materials, although some popular works are collected.
Emphasis is on research materials, but acquisition is selective.
Emphasis is on research materials.
Emphasis is on research methods and resources for knowledge acquisition.
Emphasis is on research methods used in library and information science.
Emphasis is on research methods.
Emphasis is on research of fact situations.
Emphasis is on research strategies and evaluation of information resources.
Emphasis is on research strategies and methods of analysis.
Emphasis is on research strongly grounded in theory.
Emphasis is on research utilization in a practice environment.
Emphasis is on research, acquisition of new skills and analytical systems for character development.
Emphasis is on research, theory, and practice.
Emphasis is on research, writing, and production concepts.
Emphasis is on reservations, billing and collection, housekeeping, and maintenance operations.
Emphasis is on residential and single-units property.
Emphasis is on residential construction.
Emphasis is on residential design.
Emphasis is on residential plans.
Emphasis is on residents' rights, complaint investigation, problem resolution and regulations.
Emphasis is on resolving interpersonal conflicts.
Emphasis is on resolving problems related to the transactions between people and their environments.
Emphasis is on resources for finding missing persons, fugitives, birthparents, and old friends.
Emphasis is on respect for animals to create a positive encounter.
Emphasis is on restorative, rehabilitative and supportive care of clients.
Emphasis is on restoring normal anatomy and optimal function.
Emphasis is on restoring vision, reducing dependency, and preparing for vocational success.
