Heavy shoes walk across the wet pavement and the doors push open.
Heavy showers can produce both significant runoff and soil erosion.
Heavy sleepers are usually native to colder regions.
Heavy sleet occurs when a half of an inch of sleet accumulates.
Heavy smog is greatly decreases ultraviolet radiation.
Some heavy smoke contributes to cancer.
Some heavy smoke contributes to lung cancer.
Heavy smokers are more likely to develop stress even though most claim they smoke to relax.
Heavy smokers are more likely to feel tired after quitting.
Heavy smokers are more prone to developing ulcers, and have greater trouble getting ulcers to heal.
Heavy smokers are two to four times more likely to have a heart attack than nonsmokers.
Heavy smokers can run like the wind yet never get tired or out of breath.
Heavy smokers experience feelings of hunger more often after quitting than lighter smokers.
Heavy smokers generate large amounts of beta activity and very little alpha activity.
Heavy smokers smoke cigarettes.
Most heavy smokers have some chronic bronchiolitis and respiratory bronchiolitis.
Most heavy smokers smoke cigarettes.
Most heavy smokers use tea to alleviate harm.
Heavy smoking can cause lower milk production.
Heavy smoking can make it harder to taste foods and discriminate among smells.
Heavy smoking causes cancer.
Heavy snow can also reduce visibility and make life harder for snipers.
Heavy snow can block roads and cause downed power lines.
Heavy snow can block roads and cause power lines to fall down.
Heavy snow can damage trees and shrubs as the weight accumulates on branches.
Heavy snow can fall during the winter months.
Heavy snow can impact the interior and is common along the southern coast.
Heavy snow can impact the interior of the state, especially along the southern coast.
Heavy snow covers an evergreen forest.
Heavy snow falls with limited visibility.
Heavy snow is a lot of fun.
Heavy snow is found in the Andean region and South Patagonia.
Heavy snow is in the forecast for Denver today.
Heavy snow is likely at the higher elevations.
Heavy snow is possible at higher elevations of the central Rockies.
Heavy snow is possible at the higher elevations of the central Rockies.
Heavy snow kills off many foxes, and they die of starvation.
Heavy snow makes snow and ice removal much more difficult.
Heavy snow renders the ship less capable and consequently slows it down.
Heavy snows are infrequent.
Heavy snows can bend the seed stalks.
Heavy snows cover the volcano in winter.
Heavy snows force the animals to lower elevations in search of food.
Some heavy snow causes damage.
Some heavy snow causes property damage.
Some heavy snow causes severe damage.
Some heavy snow causes severe property damage.
Some heavy snow leads to avalanches.
Heavy snowfall accompanies blizzards.
Heavy snowfall can make roads and railroad tracks impassable.
Heavy snowfall can occur during short-lived events if the precipitation rate is high.
Heavy snowfall covers stores of buried food, and increases predation pressure.
Heavy snowfall is accompanied by gusty surface wind.
Heavy snowfall is accompanied by gusty wind.
Heavy snowfall is accompanied by surface wind.
Heavy snowfall is accompanied by wind.
Heavy snowfall isolates the valley from the rest of the world for almost six months.
Heavy snowfalls are common in the winter months.
Heavy snowfalls are infrequent and melt rapidly.
Heavy snowfalls blanket with snow most of the country.
Heavy snowfalls create a problem.
Heavy snowfalls occur on average every thirty years.
Most heavy snowfall accompanies blizzards.
Most heavy snowfall is accompanied by gusty surface wind.
Most heavy snowfall is accompanied by gusty wind.
Most heavy snowfall is accompanied by surface wind.
Most heavy snowfall is accompanied by wind.
Some heavy snowfall produces avalanches.
Heavy snowstorms are accompanied by strong wind.
Heavy snowstorms are accompanied by wind.
Heavy snowstorms hit regions.
Most heavy snowstorms are accompanied by strong wind.
Most heavy snowstorms are accompanied by wind.
Most heavy snowstorms hit regions.
Heavy soil compacts in containers and slows water and oxygen from reaching the root zone.
Heavy soil holds water for years and can cause potential flood risk.
Heavy soil needs more material than sandy soil.
Heavy soils are excellent candidates for fall tillage.
Heavy soils can cause tubers to be small and rough.
Heavy soils contain rhizomes.
Heavy soils have relatively poor drainage and aeration capabilities.
Heavy soils increase the difficulty of separating crowns when dug.
Heavy soils tend to become water-logged.
Most heavy soils contain enough natural potassium for crop and pasture growth.
Heavy speculation begets a heavy margin of error.
Heavy spools are unwieldy to carry and unwinding the cable can also be a big hassle.
Heavy spring rains falling on melting snowpack can produce disastrous flash flooding.
Heavy springs are placed at one end of each cable to absorb any shock on the wires.
Heavy stainless performs much better than lightweight aluminum, and distributes heat evenly.
Heavy stakes hang on the outcome of every faculty appointment.
Heavy stars burn up faster and grow old more rapidly than less massive stars.
Heavy starch induces heat strokes.
Heavy stems are often woody.
Heavy sticks can cause unwanted vibrations.
Heavy stomps approach, the echo flat in the stilled air but growing louder.
Heavy stones roll upon the door of tomorrow.
Heavy storms break branches and damage oak trees.
Heavy storms forecast for tonight A storm with gale-force is forecast for tonight.
Heavy stress impairs our thinking and judgment.
Heavy stress is evident in a microscopic analysis .
Heavy structures have to be built on foundation poles.
Heavy substance holds up well in the sun.
Heavy substance holds well in the sun.
Heavy surf is visible.
Heavy surf kicks up the sand from the bottom and lowers the visibility by quite a bit.
Heavy surf pounds the beach almost constantly.
Heavy syllables take precedence over light syllables in the assignment of primary lexical stress.
Heavy syrup is made with twice as much sugar as water.
Heavy tackle is recommended since anglers often encounter large rays.
Heavy tackle is required.
Heavy tails refer to the power decrease of the marginal distributions.
Some heavy tails act as rudders.
Heavy tailgate is difficult to lift for smaller persons.
Some heavy tanks have an amphibious mode in which a fabric skirt is needed to add buoyancy .
Heavy taxation is, therefore, a danger to the future of the high-tax countries.
Heavy taxes are nothing new to the airlines or to their customers.
Heavy television watching, experts say, creates passive kids who lack creativity and imagination.
Heavy things act heavy, etc.
Heavy thinning can benefit wildlife through the increased growth of ground vegetation.
Heavy thoughts bring on physical maladies.
Some heavy timber does have to be moved from time to time.
Heavy traffic can be a hoot.
Heavy traffic continues on the trail for many years.
Heavy traffic dispels the sense of loneliness.
Heavy traffic is a very common phenomenon in the queueing networks.
Heavy traffic is another factor.
Heavy traffic is another problem.
Heavy traffic is linked to increased rates of child cancer and leukemia.
Heavy traffic is located in freeways.
Heavy traffic is only present in holiday times.
Heavy traffic is predicted.
Heavy traffic is the likely cause.
Heavy traffic is the most common excuse for tardiness.
Heavy traffic means that it's sometimes difficult to connect, especially on weekday afternoons.
Heavy traffic reduces the effectiveness, requiring repeated application.
Heavy traffic slows down the response time of the individual packets.
Heavy traffic stirs up the silt on a busy weekend.
Heavy traps break corals and damage the bottom when the traps are pulled.
Heavy traps end up on top of fragile hard and soft corals.
Heavy trash includes household furnishings and appliances.
Heavy trash includes household furnishings, appliances, and bicycles.
Heavy trash is collected once per month.
Heavy travel is involved.
Heavy trucks are a problem and exacerbate the poor condition of the street.
Heavy trucks are also much noisier than other vehicles.
Heavy trucks are much less safe on local rural roads than on rural interstates.
Heavy trucks are prone to major accidents on the highways.
Heavy trucks depress the edges of curled slabs at the transverse joints.
Heavy trucks inflict at least twice the pavement damage charged to their account.
Heavy trucks loaded with sand and gravel continually pass by at speeds too fast to be safe.
Heavy usage can cause the system to slow down for all subscribers.
Heavy use adds large amounts of solids, which shorten the time between septic tank pumpings.
Heavy use adds large quantities of solids and shortens the time between pumpings.
Heavy use adds large quantities of solids and shortens the time between septic tank pumpings.
Heavy use can cause hallucinations and impair memory, concentration, and coordination.
Heavy use can cause psychosis .
Heavy use can contribute to the development of hyperkalemia.
Heavy use can degrade the service to other users.
Heavy use can lead to confusion, aggravate existing mental disorders and sap energy.
Heavy use can lead to depression, health problems and overdoses.
Heavy use can lead to mood changes, health problems and overdoses.
Heavy use can result in dependence and medical problems.
Heavy use can unleash profound psychological changes.
Heavy use develops plants with shallow roots.
Heavy use is made of a graphing calculator.
Heavy use is made of computer assignments.
Heavy use is made of diagrams, charts, tables and photos, as well as of the maps.
Heavy use is made of the computer.
Heavy use is one thing.
Heavy users are disproportionately poor, unemployed and members of minority groups.
Heavy users are prone to irrational acts.
Heavy users become dull and inattentive and sometimes unaware of their surroundings.
Heavy users can supply their font library one time, reducing time on future jobs.
Heavy users experience mild withdrawal as soon as the most recent dose wears off.
Heavy users report often congestion and coughing and pain in the lungs and throat after use.
Heavy users tend to favor MUDs and cybersex chat rooms.
Heavy vegetation combined with a damp climate can adversely affect InSAR measurements.
Heavy vegetation grows around and over cold streams dotted with slick rocks.
Heavy vegetation provides shade but eliminates most views.
Heavy vehicles are a major contributor to elevated noise levels.
Heavy vehicles can damage wet or soft backroads.
Heavy vehicles impose a heavy burden of maintenance costs on country roads.
Heavy vehicles pay higher tariffs and motor cycles pay less.
Most heavy vehicles run on diesel fuel, which contains sulfur.
Heavy viewers are less trustful of their fellow citizens, and more fearful of the real world.
Heavy viewers tend to believe that the world is a nastier place than do light viewers.
Heavy viewers tend to have more positive perceptions of U.S. wealth and living conditions.
Most heavy viewers are unaware of any influence of television viewing on their attitudes and values.
Heavy vinyl handle with socket drive size displayed on top.
Heavy vinyl nailing fins are factory-applied to aluminum clad units for easy installation.
Heavy vinyl nailing fins are factory-applied to clad units for easy installation.
Heavy volume provides legitimacy for the sudden and sharp move that creates the flagpole.
Heavy wakes can cause damage to the shoreline and affect boats already anchored.
Heavy walls divide the vault into five, nearly equal, rooms and an entry hall.
Heavy walls withstand thermal and mechanical stresses.
Heavy water contains deuterium , an isotope of hydrogen having one neutron in the nucleus.
Heavy water contains deuterium rather than ordinary hydrogen as a constituent.
Heavy water has high heat capacity.
Heavy water is a moderator
Heavy water is a suitable and convenient moderator in nuclear reactors.
Heavy water is an essential ingredient for a weapons program.
Heavy water is an excellent moderator and thus permits the use of unenriched uranium as a fuel.
Heavy water is best here.
Heavy water is chemical compounds.
Heavy water is excellent moderator.
Heavy water is moderators.
Heavy water is necessary to produce plutonium in a nuclear reactor.
Heavy water is used as a neutron moderator and coolant for nuclear reactors.
Heavy water is used both as a moderator and coolant.
Heavy water is used in the nuclear industry to slow down neutrons .
Heavy water is useful in some kinds of nuclear reactors called heavy water reactors.
Heavy water is water with a deuterium atom instead of one of the hydrogen atoms.
Heavy water reacts with uranium, thorium and structural metals.
A heavy weapon is an armament
Heavy weapons are the railgun and concussion rifle.
Heavy weapons require either tripod or vehicle mount to use.
Heavy weaponry comes with less ammo but packs quite a bit more punch.
Heavy weaponry is to be forgotten.
Heavy weight can cause lower back injuries.
Heavy weight has advantages, too.
Heavy weight is green with red binding.
Heavy weight is placed on the strength of the recommendations and meaningful research experience.
Heavy weight laminated shingles are a great replacement option for cedar shake roofs.
Heavy weights build muscle bulk, a hindrance in distance running.
Heavy weights can damage developing bones and injure growth plates.
Heavy weights can damage immature bones and joints.
Heavy weights can put too much pressure on veins.
Heavy weights recruit both the slow twitch fibers and fast twitch fibers.
Heavy wind is blowing.
Heavy winds are common and make chairlift construction impractical.
Heavy winds are common in the surrounding desert.
Heavy winds can shut the fishing off.
Heavy winds do damage in city and suburbs.
Heavy winter strikes Europe.
Heavy wood handle with stainless rivets.
Heavy wood lasts longer than plywood.
Heavy woods hunting sometimes requires picking small targets and a scope is invaluable.
Heavy wool socks as outer layers are great.
Heavy wool socks to prevent blistering.
Heavy work Getting the rocks into place is no small feat.
Heavy work is done for uclient.
Heavy work is part of the program.
Heavy workloads require time.
Heavy wrecks are rare though and that is a good thing.
A heavy is a role
Heavies are actors.
Heavies are characters.
Heavies are fun to play.
Heavies lace up at the front like normal shoes but also have an ankle strap for more support.
Heavies nowadays are freakin' huge.
Heavyweight base has a felt cushion to prevent marring.
Heavyweight containers have the added benefit of being reusable.
Heavyweight fabric requires a heavyweight thread and lightweight fabric requires a finer thread.
Heavyweight fabrics requires heavyweight thread and lightweight fabrics requires a finer thread.
Heavyweight legs stays.
Heavyweight styles have a five-piece flannel liner.
Heavyweight thinkers whine about the bitmap jaggies.
Heavyweight trousers are useful higher up in the mountains in the morning and at night.
Most heavyweight vehicles require long breaking distances to make a stop.
A heavyweight is a gladiator
Heavyweights are available for color copier use only.
Heavyweights are boxers.
Heavyweights are films.
Heavyweights are wrestlers.
Heavyweights mature late.
Heavyweights usually function as desktop replacements.
Any heavyweight can throw a knockout punch.
Hebei is part of Asia.
Hebei isa thing.
Heberden nodes are bumps that occur at the last joint of the finger or thumb due to arthritis.
Most Hebrew books seem to have no idea how students learn.
Hebrew classes are available at three levels.
Every Hebrew conversation sounds like an argument, with voices raised and arms flailing in the air.
Hebrew elders begin to write Old Testament books of Bible.
Hebrew fonts are helpful.
Hebrew history is absolutely silent about Hebrew worship during the sojourn in Egypt.
Hebrew inscriptions adorn some of the buildings.
Hebrew inscriptions are still visible on some of the houses.
Hebrew instruction is accomplished by a paid professional staff.
Hebrew instruction is focused on liturgical Hebrew.
Hebrew language is a root word system.
Hebrew language is an essential component of Jewish education and academic Jewish studies.
Hebrew language is taught by a highly professional and experienced staff.
Hebrew lessons begin for pre-schoolers and extend to adult learners.
Hebrew letters are in blue.
Hebrew letters are in relief.
Hebrew letters can also serve as numbers like Roman numerals.
Hebrew letters flow in different directions.
Hebrew letters have numerical equivalents.
Hebrew letters jump out in relief on copper shutters that illustrate major Jewish holidays.
Hebrew letters stand for numbers which weigh and determine the value of a word or words.
Every Hebrew letter has a numerical value.
Hebrew literature is dynamic, concrete, and moves on a relational plane.
Hebrew literature records a third form of letter substitution, called atbah.
Many Hebrew majors go on to pursue graduate and professional training as well.
Hebrew manuscripts decorate the entire word .
Hebrew music seems to have emphasized rhythm over melody.
Hebrew name is chosen.
Hebrew names are often descriptions.
Hebrew names have meaning and their spelling and numerology are considered significant.
Hebrew orthography does have an option to represent vowels in the script.
Hebrew phrase is tohu and bohu.
Hebrew poetry takes one idea and states that idea in two different ways.
Hebrew prayer is like type O blood, the universal donor.
All Hebrew readers are welcome.
Hebrew reading is required.
Hebrew scholars hold with the idea of continuous creation.
Hebrew school can wait.
Hebrew school is hard and there's lots going on.
Hebrew script is used.
Hebrew scriptures are a prominent example of such old writing.
Hebrew son is similarly broad.
Hebrew songs bookend the stories.
Hebrew speakers call it sheleg.
Hebrew study takes place prior to post-high school study.
Some Hebrew terms have no English equivalent which corresponds to the original meaning.
Hebrew tradition relates the color grey to wisdom.
Hebrew tradition says the fruit was an apricot.
Hebrew tutors are available to provide individual and small group support.
All Hebrew verbs consist of three root letters.
Hebrew version is available.
Hebrew vocabulary is included in the instruction.
Hebrew word is yom.
Hebrew words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
Hebrew words are conspicuously absent.
Hebrew words are made by combining a root with a pattern .
Hebrew words are made by combining a root with a pattern.
All Hebrew words derive from a root, most often a three-letter combination.
Many Hebrew words consist of just three consonant with the vowels left out.
Most Hebrew words are only two to four letters in length.
Most Hebrew words change their meaning when pronounced differently.
Some Hebrew words have a slightly different equivalent depending upon the context it is used in.
Hebrew work is helpful.
Hebridean music uses the fiddle, accordion, and flute more than the bagpipe.
A hecatomb is killing
Hecatomb plays quickly, but with a fair amount of tactical depth.
A heckelphone is a reed
Heckelphones are custom made, so no two fingering systems are exactly the same.
A heckle is a comb
Every heckle is heard clearly by everybody in the building.
A heckler is a person
Heckler enables users to make contact with the television or datacast programming.
Heckler looks down and stomps on the floor, looking for a trap door.
Heckler points to the audience.
Heckler pulls down the screen, pulling the top toward the audience to the floor.
Heckler returns to the stage.
Heckler throws the underwear onto the other clothes.
Hecklers are loud.
Hecklers are members of the audience who harass or taunt the comic while the comic is on the stage.
Hecklers are troublemakers.
Hecklers are welcome.
All hecklers loudly argue the observer's decision.
HECS payment is calculated on the student s study load.
Hectic lifestyles cause many to grab fast foods and stay on the run.
Hectic preparations are afoot on both sides of the border.
Hector attends a stress management course each week at school.
Hector calls for torches to burn the ships.
Hector carries the day for staying outside of the walls and fighting it out.
Hector comes down on Greeks as an eagle swoops on a flock of birds.
Hector continues to fight.
Hector enjoys Christian music and concerts most of all.
Hector falsely confesses to the crime.
Hector goes above and beyond that.
Hector has a good idea here, it just needs to be presented a little more concisely.
Hector has a similar agenda.
Hector has an innate ability to get along with all people and treat everyone with respect.
Hector has reflex sympathetic dystrophy.
Hector is a high school student taking algebra.
Hector is a lone eagle picking off the distracted birds as they fly around in confusion.
Hector is a pretty new mage.
Hector is a self made racing success story.
Hector is a sensitive and passionate artist.
Hector is a shared memory multiprocessor based on a hierarchy of unidirectional slotted rings.
Hector is also a little banged up.
Hector is an abrasive, pompous jerk.
Hector is an excellent outside shooter.
Hector is an excellent student.
Hector is described to have to grow up in many different places, and too never have had a real home.
Hector is especially ill-suited to life around liquids.
Hector is Hispanic and more angry and meaner.
Hector is inspired to challenge a Greek warrior.
Hector is now way far beyond doggie adolescence and, in computer-years, that's even longer.
Hector is our defensive catalyst.
Hector is suspicious of both women.
Hector needs a diluted solution of hydrochloric acid.
Hector places more players on the super team than any other AA school.
Hector rallies the captains and breaches the wall.
Hector refuses to fight more than a symbolic moment, because of their relationship.
Hector returns to battle.
Hector returns to the city to placate Athena.
Hector rushes forward three times and is repulsed three times.
Hector stirs up the chiefs challenging the men to go on a night raid.
Hector taunts Diomedes.
Hector uses a hose to wash some fuel off the side of the boat and into the water.
Hector visits the Greek tents for a friendly dinner.
Hectors has products and knowledge that only professionals can provide.
A hedge fund is a fund
Hedge funds are investment companies.
Most hedge funds are also able to use non-traditional strategies such as futures and currencies.
Most hedge funds are small specialist shops with two or three people.
Most hedge funds have additions and withdrawals of capital.
Some hedge funds generate high returns in seemingly benign markets by using extensive leverage.
A hedge is a fence
Hedge isa fence.
Hedges allow privacy for guests when using the gardens.
Hedges also incorporate a huge variety of grasses and ferns.
Hedges are evasions.
Hedges are fences.
Hedges are impassable except at gates.
Hedges are located in backyards.
Hedges are located in countrysides.
Hedges are often an ideal alternative to fencing.
Hedges are rows.
Hedges are security.
Hedges block the progress of evil.
Hedges can be either Long or Short.
Hedges Go back to Chords and Tablature .
Hedges goes on to list a number of void nesting sites.
Hedges have (part) bases.
Hedges have (part) sections.
Hedges is on the right, across from Blackwood Canyon.
Hedges now criss cross the entire yard, separating it into walkways and gardens.
Hedges points out that environmental concerns have also become more important as time goes on.
Hedges promises more information on the barbecue later.
Hedges provide privacy and help to protect from the chilling winds of winter.
Hedges provide privacy, screen-off undesirable views, reduce winds, and trap snows.
Hedges read, listened and made a decision that showed backbone.
Hedges require removals.
Hedges rise up behind limestone walls of varying heights.
Every hedge needs to be specific.
Most hedges are easy to raise from cuttings, particularly low growing hedges.
Most hedges require removals.
Some hedges are very old .
Some hedges are very old.
Some hedges look like twigs.
Some hedges still show signs of the ancient hedge-weaving tradition.
A hedgefund is a fund
Hedgefunds can lose money.
Hedgehog adoption can be an enriching experience, and is a big decision.
Hedgehog adoption is a wonderful way to provide a Hedgehog a second chance and caring environment.
Some hedgehog breeders undertake responsibility.
Hedgehog cacti have big purple flowers in the Spring.
Hedgehog cactus is found on a variety of sites and within a wide elevational range.
Many hedgehog enthusiasts joke that poop is a hedgie gift.
Hedgehog formation are available only to infantry.
Hedgehog homes are usually burrows and nests they build themselves.
Hedgehog mushrooms are similar to chanterelles in color and flavor.
Some hedgehog mushrooms have teeth.
Hedgehog protein promotes rod photoreceptor differentiation in mammalian retinal cells in vitro.
Hedgehog quills are made from keratin, much like human nails.
Hedgehog signals regulate multiple aspects of gastrointestinal development.
Hedgehog spikes can be very sharp, so be careful.
Hedgehog tenrecs eat insects.
Hedgehog tenrecs can roll into spiny, nearly impenetrable balls.
Most hedgehog tenrecs eat insects.
A hedgehog is a mammal
Hedgehog isa rodent.
Hedgehogs are a docile, non-aggressive, ancient species.
Hedgehogs are a powerful form of pest control.
Hedgehogs are about the size of a large hamster, although some species can get a bit larger.
Hedgehogs are also a food source for some larger animals.
Hedgehogs are also a lot of fun to own.
Hedgehogs are also abundant in urban and suburban areas.
Hedgehogs are also quite low maintenance, and they are nocturnal.
Hedgehogs are among the most familiar small mammals in Europe.
Hedgehogs are born blind.
Hedgehogs are both insectivorious and carniverous.
Hedgehogs are classified as insectivores.
Hedgehogs are commonly allergic to wood oils.
Hedgehogs are covered with a protective spine of quills on their back, and have soft, fuzzy bellies.
Hedgehogs are cute and curious mammals.
Hedgehogs are eighteen to twenty five ounces when grown up.
Hedgehogs are found in Europe, Asia, Africa and New Zealand.
Hedgehogs are found in Europe, Asia, and Africa.
Hedgehogs are found in most parts of Britain, apart from very wet areas and extensive pine forests.
Hedgehogs are insectivores by nature.
Hedgehogs are insectivores.
Hedgehogs are insectivores.
Hedgehogs are legal in New York.
Hedgehogs are mammals and like all mammals their young are born alive.
Hedgehogs are mammals that have been around for millions of years.
Hedgehogs are mammals.
Hedgehogs are masters at escaping and can fit through anything their little head can fit through.
Hedgehogs are mostly nocturnal but can be awake some times during the day.
Hedgehogs are native to Africa, Asia, Europe and have been introduced to New Zealand.
Hedgehogs are native to mainland Britain and are also found throughout northern and western Europe.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal , but gymnures are less so .
Hedgehogs are nocturnal and are quite active in the evenings.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal and hibernate during the winter.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal and some can get very irate if woken up during the day.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal animals and hunt for food between the hours of nightfall and daybreak.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal animals that sleep in the day and are awake at night.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal insectivores that hibernate in colder climates.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal members of a very primitive order of mammals called Insectivora.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal, but gymnures are less so.
Hedgehogs are nocturnal.
Hedgehogs are one of the few mammals that are true hibernators.
Hedgehogs are primarily nocturnal animals, so they are most active at night.
Hedgehogs are primarily nocturnal in nature.
Hedgehogs are rather lonely creatures, and they are easily starting fights with each other.
Hedgehogs are ready to be taken home at six weeks of age, but no earlier.
Hedgehogs are relatively close to the ground and are in constant contact with their bedding.
Hedgehogs are safe in the cemetery.
Hedgehogs are shy.
Hedgehogs are small exotic pets that are becoming increasingly popular.
Hedgehogs are small spiny coated animals.
Hedgehogs are small.
Hedgehogs are solitary animals with overlapping habitats.
Hedgehogs are solitary creatures that make their home in grass or in holes under the ground.
Hedgehogs are solitary, avoiding other hedgehogs, and have an attachment to a very small home range.
Hedgehogs are still fairly rare as pets, but are becoming increasingly more popular all the time.
Hedgehogs are susceptable to worms, fleas, mites, and other common pet parasites.
Hedgehogs are the only British mammal with spines.
Hedgehogs are the opposite, climbing high up the internal hill.
Hedgehogs are thermo-sensitive, coping poorly with extremes of temperature.
Hedgehogs are usually solitary, usually pairing up only to mate.
Hedgehogs are very healthy eaters.
Hedgehogs are very resistant to insect toxins, chemical poisons, and snake venom.
Hedgehogs are weapons.
Hedgehogs are wild, non-domesticated animals, although bred and kept in captivity.
Hedgehogs build nests of moss and leaves under vegetation around parks, gardens and farmland.
Hedgehogs carry several diseases, but none that are dangerous to humans.
Hedgehogs come out at nights.
Hedgehogs come with all different personalities.
Hedgehogs disappear during the dry season and probably estivate.
Hedgehogs do like to climb so multi-level cages can make great homes.
Hedgehogs eat a variety of things.
Hedgehogs eat a wide variety of prey.
Hedgehogs eat fruit.
Hedgehogs eat insects, snakes, small mammals, birds, and birds eggs.
Hedgehogs eat insects.
Hedgehogs eat insects.
Hedgehogs eat slugs.
Hedgehogs emerge from hibernation, snuffling loudly as they feed, mate and fend off competitors.
Hedgehogs enter and leave their burrows headfirst, turning inside the tunnel.
Hedgehogs enter into hibernation.
Hedgehogs establish territory.
Hedgehogs exhibit similar behavior at high temperatures.
Hedgehogs feed on insects, slugs, mice, frogs, young birds, and carrion.
Hedgehogs forage at nights.
Hedgehogs gather food.
Hedgehogs give birth to one to seven babies which are born with the spines just below the skin.
Hedgehogs have (part) brains.
Hedgehogs have (part) breasts.
Hedgehogs have (part) cell membranes.
Hedgehogs have (part) cells.
Hedgehogs have (part) chest cavities.
Hedgehogs have (part) chests.
Hedgehogs have (part) corpi.
Hedgehogs have (part) cytoplasm.
Hedgehogs have (part) ears.
Hedgehogs have (part) faces.
Hedgehogs have (part) heads.
Hedgehogs have (part) nuclei.
Hedgehogs have (part) pedal extremities.
Hedgehogs have (part) piluses.
Hedgehogs have (part) plasma membranes.
Hedgehogs have (part) rib cages.
Hedgehogs have (part) sections.
Hedgehogs have (part) skulls.
Hedgehogs have (part) sterna.
Hedgehogs have (part) vacuoles.
Hedgehogs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hedgehogs have a body system similar to most other mammals.
Hedgehogs have a coat of stiff, sharp spines.
Hedgehogs have a relatively long life span for their size.
Hedgehogs have an amazing immunity to most things that are toxic.
Hedgehogs have appearances.
Hedgehogs have barbless spines on the back and sides, and hair on the face, limbs, and underparts.
Hedgehogs have better chances.
Hedgehogs have chances.
Hedgehogs have coarse hairs on their face, legs, and underparts.
Hedgehogs have glands.
Hedgehogs have infection.
Hedgehogs have large ranges.
Hedgehogs have legs.
Hedgehogs have lifespans.
Hedgehogs have long legs.
Hedgehogs have long spines , or quills , made of keratin .
Hedgehogs have long spines, or quills, made of keratin.
Hedgehogs have loose skin.
Hedgehogs have no significant natural predators.
Hedgehogs have organs.
Hedgehogs have poor eyesight so rely mostly on hearing and smell to locate and catch their prey.
Hedgehogs have powerful legs and strong claws and are good at digging.
Hedgehogs have ranges.
Hedgehogs have respiratory infection.
Hedgehogs have sides.
Hedgehogs have skin glands.
Hedgehogs have skin.
Hedgehogs have spines that cover their entire back and top of their head.
Hedgehogs have the same problem as many other small mammals who live around humans.
Hedgehogs have three generations of spines in their lifetime.
Hedgehogs have unique appearances.
Hedgehogs have very long tongues.
Hedgehogs inhabit areas.
Hedgehogs inhabit different areas.
Hedgehogs inhabit different geographic areas.
Hedgehogs inhabit geographic areas.
Hedgehogs just eat and eat and eat.
Hedgehogs live in a big cage with wood chips.
Hedgehogs live in small garden or bushy areas, or small woods.
Hedgehogs live predominantly solitary lives.
Hedgehogs live up to years.
Hedgehogs maintain hibernation.
Hedgehogs make a variety of vocalizations including squeals, grunts, snuffling and even sneezing.
Hedgehogs make heavy breathe noise.
Hedgehogs make noise.
Hedgehogs make their own nests out of leaves and other garden debris.
Hedgehogs may have trouble.
Hedgehogs need food.
Hedgehogs normally shelter by day and go out at night.
Hedgehogs prefer dimmed lighting and quiet corners.
Hedgehogs produce saliva.
Hedgehogs produce very little dander.
Hedgehogs progress by means of a waddling walk or trot with the spines directed backward.
Hedgehogs provide a valuable insect pest control service.
Hedgehogs reach sexual maturity in the second year after they are born.
Hedgehogs react adversely to negative states of mind.
Hedgehogs rely heavily on their hearing and so are very responsive to sound.
Hedgehogs rely on senses.
Hedgehogs rely on their sense of smell to compensate for their poor vision.
Hedgehogs require exercise to satisfy their desire to forage and to avoid obesity.
Hedgehogs respond negatively when their owners are stressed.
Hedgehogs search for food.
Hedgehogs show attraction.
Hedgehogs show strong attraction.
Hedgehogs sleep during the day in any dark place they can find.
Hedgehogs subscribe to a single idea upon which they base all their life decisions.
Hedgehogs survive in conditions.
Hedgehogs weigh ounces.
Hedgehogs often cross roads but have no protection against cars.
Hedgehogs often scratch a bit when they first wake.
Hedgehogs sometimes invade the base, running about on the streets, often even in broad daylight.
All hedgehogs are similiar in how they look and what color they are.
Every hedgehog is different and unique.
Many hedgehogs die each year from a number of hazards, many of which are caused by man.
Most hedgehogs are classified as insectivores.
Most hedgehogs can fit in an adult's hand.
Most hedgehogs come out at nights.
Most hedgehogs enter into hibernation.
Most hedgehogs establish territory.
Most hedgehogs gather food.
Most hedgehogs have appearances.
Most hedgehogs have better chances.
Most hedgehogs have chances.
Most hedgehogs have glands.
Most hedgehogs have infection.
Most hedgehogs have large ranges.
Most hedgehogs have legs.
Most hedgehogs have lifespans.
Most hedgehogs have long legs.
Most hedgehogs have loose skin.
Most hedgehogs have organs.
Most hedgehogs have ranges.
Most hedgehogs have respiratory infection.
Most hedgehogs have sides.
Most hedgehogs have skin glands.
Most hedgehogs have skin.
Most hedgehogs have unique appearances.
Most hedgehogs inhabit different areas.
Most hedgehogs inhabit different geographic areas.
Most hedgehogs inhabit geographic areas.
Most hedgehogs live up to years.
Most hedgehogs maintain hibernation.
Most hedgehogs make heavy breathe noise.
Most hedgehogs make noise.
Most hedgehogs search for food.
Most hedgehogs show strong attraction.
Most hedgehogs survive in conditions.
Some hedgehogs adapt to environments.
Some hedgehogs are bitten by snakes.
Some hedgehogs are trained to boxes.
Some hedgehogs are trained to litter boxes.
Some hedgehogs become pests.
Some hedgehogs can also develop abscesses in their mouth.
Some hedgehogs carry fleas.
Some hedgehogs cause infection.
Some hedgehogs collect food.
Some hedgehogs develop illnesses.
Some hedgehogs develop relate illnesses.
Some hedgehogs do quite well with a friend of the same sex.
Some hedgehogs do, but most just think humans are cool terrain to climb on.
Some hedgehogs enter hibernation.
Some hedgehogs enter states.
Some hedgehogs get heads.
Some hedgehogs go into hibernation.
Some hedgehogs go through phases.
Some hedgehogs have ability.
Some hedgehogs have ages.
Some hedgehogs have patterns.
Some hedgehogs have structures.
Some hedgehogs hibernate during winter.
Some hedgehogs lose baby teeth.
Some hedgehogs lose body weight.
Some hedgehogs lose teeth.
Some hedgehogs reside in gardens.
Some hedgehogs roll into balls.
Some hedgehogs scratch when nervous or exploring.
Some hedgehogs use tongues.
A hedger is a gardener
Hedgers are gardeners.
Hedgers are respondents.
Hedgers are speculators.
Hedgers buying options also have limited loss, but unlimited gain potential.
Hedgers perform the opposite role of speculators in the futures market.
Hedgers seek to remove or manage their currency risk.
Hedgers tend to be short the futures contract as insurance against their cash position.
Hedgers use the futures markets to protect their business from adverse price changes.
A hedgerow is a fence
Hedgerow is one column shift for defense and stops advance after combat after one hex.
Hedgerow isa fence.
Hedgerow offers an eclectic mix of classical theater and contemporary drama for adults and children.
Hedgerows act as windbreaks and provide definition and variety to the visual landscape.
Hedgerows also form a transition zone between two different habitats, such as fields and woods.
Hedgerows also help increase the population of beneficial insects and animals.
Hedgerows also yield other products such as fuelwood and fodder.
Hedgerows are actually rows of hedges.
Hedgerows are an important component of the landscape and conservation features of the Tyne Valley.
Hedgerows are an important reservoir for deciduous trees since Ireland has so little woodland.
Hedgerows are full of foxgloves, primroses and other spring flowers.
Hedgerows are full of foxgloves, primroses, violets and wild garlic.
Hedgerows are important corridors for the movement of game and wildlife.
Hedgerows are in effect low shelterbelts, usually made up only of shrubs.
Hedgerows are man-made barriers generally used as field boundaries.
Hedgerows are narrow bands of vegetation like the ones found between farm fields.
Hedgerows are of particular importance, where they still exist, in areas of intensive agriculture.
Hedgerows are one of the last tangible links with the country's ancient past.
Hedgerows can have many functions.
Hedgerows can help make our own spaces more wild.
Hedgerows consist of fodder species also.
Hedgerows encourage wildlife offering winter protection and feed.
Hedgerows have (part) bases.
Hedgerows have (part) sections.
Hedgerows help protect salmon in several ways.
Hedgerows protect crops from damaging winds by blocking and slowing air movement.
Hedgerows provide wildlife habitat, like mini-wilderness areas.
Hedgerows resurfacing A trend that is resurfacing in yard design is the use of the hedgerow.
Hedgerows serve as mere suggestions.
Hedgerows surround small fields, resulting in a picturesque landscape called bocage.
Hedgerows use more water but increase efficiency and profit in developing walnuts.
Hedgerows use more water, but increase efficiency, profit in young walnuts.
Some hedgerows produce milkweed seeds.
Some hedgerows produce seeds.
Hedgings are monetary transactions.
Hedonic contrast occurs when something good is followed by something wonderful.
Hedonic tone is the degree to which an odour is perceived as pleasant or unpleasant.
Hedonic tone is the pleasantness or unpleasantness of an odor.
Hedonic tone provides a sense of the relative pleasantness of a sample.
A hedonism is morality
Hedonism also includes the minimizing of pain.
Hedonism catches fire while homes crumble.
Hedonism comes to mind.
Hedonism generally has a bad name.
Hedonism has no ground for moral obligation, no sanction for duty.
Hedonism has no meaning.
Hedonism is a school of thought which argues that pleasure is the only intrinsic good .
Hedonism is a super-inclusive resort catering to both singles and couples.
Hedonism is associated with man people involved in the homosexual behavior.
Hedonism is focused around pleasure.
Hedonism is like no other resort.
Hedonism is simply a byproduct of the prime directive, so to speak.
Hedonism is the philosophy of selfishness.
Hedonism is the pursuit of pleasure.
Hedonism is the thesis that pleasure is our sole ultimate end.
Hedonism makes a lousy premise for a revolution, but a great premise for advertising one.
Hedonism says that only pleasure is intrinsically good and only pain is intrinsically bad.
Hedonism turns into a six figure enterprise.
Hedonisms are ethic.
A hedonist is a sensualist
Hedonists are located in beachs.
Hedonists are people.
Hedonists differ as to the type of pleasure they regard as the good.
Hedonists hold that one ought to pursue only pleasure or happiness for oneself and others.
Hedonists pack the massage-chair booth , perusing the exhibitor maps and chatting on cell phones.
Hedonists tend to think that pleasure and happiness are the same thing.
Hedonistic philosophies range from momentary pleasure to enduring pleasure.
Hedonistic tasting is the philosophy of partaking solely for the purpose of pleasure.
A heed is attention
HEED gives the crew member a source of breathable air to help during aircraft evacuation.
Heedful prudence is the preferred component of intrepidity.
Heel lift becomes less of an issue and the cable's benefits really shine - more control.
Heel lifts tip the pelvis forward and establish a natural stance of greater stability.
Heel protectors are available in several models and are constructed from synthetic pile fabrics.
Heel spur is also the name given to an inflammation of the plantar fascia.
Heel spurs are bony growths from the underside of the front part of the heel bone, the calcaneus .
Heel spurs are bony growths on the underside, fore part of the heel bone.
Heel spurs are bony growths on the underside, forepart of the heel bone.
Heel spurs are bony growths that result from too much tension in the plantar fascia.
Heel spurs are calcium deposits that develop over time into a sharp bony growth under the heel bone.
Heel spurs are common.
Heel spurs are growth of bone on the bottom of the heel bone.
Heel spurs are growths of bone on the underside of the heel bone.
Heel spurs are growths of bone on the underside, forepart of the heel bone.
Heel spurs are the body's response to injury and inflammation.
Heel spurs are usually cureable without surgery, although in some cases it is warrented.
Heel spurs are visible on x-ray, most prominent on a lateral foot view.
Heel spurs are visible on X-ray.
Heel spurs can also result from an abnormally high arch.
Heel spurs refer to heel pain due to bone irritation.
Most heel spurs are painless.
Some heel spurs are painless.
A heel is a bottom
Heel buying Permission around sack above whatever telecom also produce around whatever partners.
Heel can be very useful to provide a surprise passing direction.
Heel flies deposit eggs on the hair of cattle early in the spring.
Heel folds back for ease of fitting.
Heel gezelling is men's avonds soms bij elkaar.
Heel grounders with a convenient D-ring fastening system.
Heel is a lot of fun, too, though.
Heel is Date outside many conscience off a penny.
Heel is proper height and can accept cleats.
Heel is tapered for comfort and control.
Heel isa bottom.
Heel isa underside.
Heel leuk u te ontmoeten.
Heel marks Try using a pencil eraser to remove heel marks.
Heel means the angle of inclination of the floatation device from horizontal, across the breadth.
Heel pull for easy entry.
Heel puts the boots to Rage.
Heel puts the three giant trays on top of each other in the center of the ring.
Heel raises for calves.
Heel spurs , or calcaneal spurs, can develop if the fascia is continuously under tension.
Heel spurs .
Heel spurs form gradually over many months.
Heels are body parts.
Heels are bottoms.
Heels are definitely the way to go.
Heels are either very high or totally flat.
Heels are ends.
Heels are moderately high and, in the case of French nobility, are often painted red.
Heels are more for resting, than hard running.
Heels are now free to lift.
Heels are part of boots.
Heels are part of foots.
Heels are part of shoes.
Heels are parts.
Heels are so high, they're deadly.
Heels are solid objects.
Heels are very important again.
Heels are woodgrain print too.
Heels can cause problems all the way up the leg.
Heels can make the dullest outfit glamorous.
Heels close together raise the body on the toes as high as possible.
Heels contain large energy structures, so it's beneficial to give it some extra attention.
Heels dig deep, momentum builds the muscles tremble holding back.
Heels have (part) sections.
Heels is a basic one.
Heels is executive vice president for marketing and sales of Inherent.
Heels pausing, in descending, to kick furiously backward.
Heels provide stability.
Heels remain at a prescribed distance on equal sides of the central meridien.
Heels still have a way of compelling a gentleman to be gallant.
Heels win with three runs in the bottom of the ninth.
Heels always stay one inch off the ground on the backward step.
All heel encourage busy, before all barber up all attention greet.
Most heels provide stability.
Some heel is normal when under sail.
Some heels are part of boots.
Some heels are part of mocassins.
Some heels are part of moccasins.
Some heels are part of sandals.
Some heels are part of shoes.
Heeled shoes are dangerous, and slippery or wet soles, and platform soles, and hiking boots.
A heft is weight
More heft is shed through the use of a lightweight foam suspension system.
Hefted animals are frequently more aware of what to do when a severe storm strikes.
Hefted flocks are part of the farm that they live on.
Hefty penalties are in store for companies that choose to ignore compliance issues.
Hegelian dialectics is the process by which conflict creates predetermined history.
Hegelian logic teaches that for every thesis there is an antithesis.
Hegellian thought is the root upon which fascism and communism have their birth.
A hegemon is great power
Hegemons organize an anarchic world and save it from chaos.
Hegemonic decline amplifies the cultural response to the economy.
Hegemonic power relies on economic mechanisms to extract surplus value from the periphery.
Heiden soils are on erosional uplands.
Heiden soils occur on similar landscapes.
A heifer is a cow
A heifer is a young mammal
Heifer falls in love with a sheep herder and cancels the wedding.
Heifer is safe with calf, determined by a Vet during the fair.
Heifers also offer tough competition.
Heifers also sell at a discount to steers of the same description due to performance differences.
Heifers are a high cost item when expenses are divided among the various enterprises on the farm.
Heifers are cows.
Heifers are girls.
Heifers are in a third group nearby.
Heifers are located in barbecues.
Heifers are located in beef.
Heifers are located in bran.
Heifers are located in colleges.
Heifers are located in corrals.
Heifers are located in countrysides.
Heifers are located in county fairs.
Heifers are located in dairy farms.
Heifers are located in factory farms.
Heifers are located in fairs.
Heifers are located in feedlots.
Heifers are located in freezers.
Heifers are located in heat.
Heifers are located in meatloaf.
Heifers are located in movies.
Heifers are located in new jerseys.
Heifers are located in shades.
Heifers are located in slaughterhouses.
Heifers are located in stalls.
Heifers are located in stew.
Heifers are located in yards.
Heifers are more likely to be bred when coming from situations with dense cattle populations.
Heifers are more susceptible than cows.
Heifers are much more likely to have calves with scours.
Heifers are one of the most neglected parts of any dairy operation.
Heifers are preferable to lactation cows.
Heifers are red and red baldie.
Heifers are usually less efficient at feed conversion.
Heifers are young female cattle.
Heifers are young mammals.
Heifers can also experience decreased fertility when implanted during the suckling phase.
Heifers can be especially difficult to manage during drought.
Heifers can gain without getting too fat.
Heifers entering the herd are capital investments.
Heifers gain at a slower rate than steers, thus prospective buyers discriminate against heifers.
Heifers generally come into milk at about two years of age.
Heifers have lighter carcasses, and that increases the packing cost per hundredweight of carcass.
Heifers have more moves.
Heifers have number freeze brand.
Heifers have poorer colostrum.
Heifers make the best cutting calves.
Heifers remain so until they have had a calf.
Heifers spend more time in labor and more time giving birth than mature cows.
Heifers then can be pregnancy-tested and sent home as the producers desire.
All heifers are home-reared.
Some heifers become a commodity, changing hands several times before they enter a milking line.
Height adjustment is accomplished by simply varying the spread of the legs.
Height adjustment is achieved in two ways.
Height adjustment is made by loosening the wingnut and sliding brackets up or down the U-legs.
Height contours are in yellow.
Height data are available for a central transect subsample.
Height fields make the color white the highest point and the color black the lowest point.
Height functions play an important role in describing tight immersions of surfaces in space.
Height gages come in a wide array of types and sizes.
Height growth begins slightly later in the season than radial growth.
Height growth depends on size.
Height growth has effects.
Height growth has profound effects.
Height growth is correspondingly slow.
Height growth is reduced at extremely high and low densities.
Height information is provided by the shape of our ears.
Height limits apply.
Height limits are more important than weight.
Height loss is related to aging changes in the bones, muscles, and joints .
Height property is used to specify the height of the characters.
Height restrictions apply for some of the rides.
Height restrictions apply on many rides.
Height restrictions apply on most major rides.
Height restrictions apply on some rides.
Height restrictions apply to some rides.
Height restrictions apply.
Some height restrictions apply.
Height adds dimension to the design.
Height adds to the importance of the design.
Height affects architecture and other aspects of society as well.
Height affects the amount of snow stored and area protected.
Height also gives privacy, but requires broad window sill .
Height also matters.
Height applies to all elements except non-replaced inline, table columns and column groups.
Height approximately level with that of skull to give a balanced outline.
Height becomes even more important there.
Height can also confer dominance status.
Height can be a signal of dominance to a multiple cat household.
Height can be all right, if the tree is in the right place.
Height can create borders between patches as well.
Height can indirectly be a sign of status.
Height can reach eight feet.
Height causes large areas of the earth to blend into almost distinct patches of color.
Height comes to just under knee.
Height contains the height of the device in pixels.
Height contains the height of the page.
Height decreases with age.
Height decreases, primarily caused by shortening of the trunk.
Height defines the downwind distance protected when combined with density.
Height depends on moisture.
Height depends on month of birth.
Height depends on the species planted in conjunction with soils and climate in the planting area.
Height does play a crucial role, however.
Height dramatically affects one s relationships and employment.
Height encourage into either fault once observe floors.
Height encourage into either fault once observe glue.
Height encourage into either fault once observe plumbing.
Height falls move south or southeastward. .
Height fluctuates five feet with varying weather conditions.
Height has effects.
Height helps too.
Height however is vital in battle and even more so in an entrenched situation.
Height includes feet.
Height includes handle holder.
Height includes recoil starter to PTO mounting face.
Height includes stacking curves at top of switch.
Height includes stacking curves on top of hub.
Height includes the sights.
Height includes the stacking curves on top of the hub.
Height includes the stacking curves on top of the switch.
Height increases most before menstruation begins.
Height increases rapidly but stops at an early age.
Height is a bit larger, coming in at just over a foot.
Height is a consideration that's often overlooked.
Height is a creation attribute of the blade cylinder.
Height is a critical variable also.
Height is a dimension
Height is a function of time.
Height is a matter of neatness and manageability.
Height is a negative consideration.
Height is a perennial cause of complaint.
Height is a position of dominance.
Height is a primary function of the average temperature of the air below that height surface.
Height is a quantity.
Height is a result of growth only in apical meristems at the very tips of the twigs.
Height is a special case of contours.
Height is adjustable by pressure lever.
Height is adjustable for all ages.
Height is adjustable to accommodate long hanging clothing.
Height is adjustable to allow use from any chair or wheelchair.
Height is adjustable to fit all users.
Height is adjustable via the grand teaser.
Height is adjustable.
Height is adjusted along the vertical beam and can be changed without removing the staging planks.
Height is adjusted so that the dog's head is just below waist level.
Height is adjusted, then pallet is loaded.
Height is also extremely important.
Height is also in large part governed by growth hormone - a hormone secreted by the pituitary.
Height is an independent risk factor for neuropathy in diabetic men.
Height is an independent variable.
Height is an intersting thing in the movies.
Height is an issue.
Height is another consistent trait that often is related to maturity.
Height is another example of a trait that is influenced by nature and nurture interaction.
Height is approx.
Height is approximately five and a half feet.
Height is approximately ten inches with weight ranging from nine to fifteen pounds.
Height is below average.
Height is both genetically determined and dependent on nutrition.
Height is changed between entries, make sure to check the jump height for the next entry.
Height is considered for upright growing forms.
Height is controlled by a number of genes.
Height is controlled by at least four genes.
Height is counted from the bottom up.
Height is described as a dependent variable and time as an independent variable.
Height is determined by genetics or perhaps nutrition.
Height is determined by many factors.
Height is determined by the first element of the list and the color by the second.
Height is dimensions.
Height is distance.
Height is easily adjustable.
Height is encoded in color.
Height is Encoded in Color.
Height is everything.
Height is from four to six inches to four feet in height.
Height is genetically determined but is subject to environmental influence.
Height is given by the cumulative fraction of foliage, Z c .
Height is given in both inches and centimetres.
Height is given in feet and inchs.
Height is hard to hide and wealth all too tempting to flaunt.
Height is how much it goes above the baseline, depth how much it goes below.
Height is how tall each unit is and width is how wide each unit is.
Height is important in locating the house.
Height is important, especially for b-ball.
Height is in meters.
Height is in metres.
Height is just something that people look at, height is big sometimes.
Height is less in older children and adolescents but differences disappear in adulthood.
Height is limited to about ten feet.
Height is listed in both meters and feet and is rounded to the nearest integer.
Height is listed in feet and is rounded to the nearest whole number.
Height is maximum path length to descendant.
Height is meaningless.
Height is measured at the withers.
Height is measured from sidewalk level of main entrance to structural top of building.
Height is measured from the floor to the center of the bull's eye.
Height is measured from the sidewalk level of the main entrance to the structural top of building.
Height is measured from the soil to the tip of the spike.
Height is measured in inches.
Height is measured with shoes off, weight is taken in workout apparel.
Height is measured without shoes, standing on a flat surface.
Height is medium and straw strength is excellent.
Height is medium, upright and bushy.
Height is modeled by storing a Z value at each point.
Height is more important for the nest box monitor than for the bluebird.
Height is more important than floor space.
Height is more important than width.
Height is more useful with images, however.
Height is no longer a factor.
Height is normal to the plane formed by the length and width.
Height is normal.
Height is often a good indication of severity.
Height is one element of waterfall-running difficulty.
Height is one of several variables believed to indicate healthy childhood growth and development.
Height is only one quality of greatness.
Height is perpendicular because it is the shortest distance from a point to a line.
Height is polygenic and affected by environmental factors, especially nutrition.
Height is power.
Height is probably a combination of many genes, each acting in different ways.
Height is probably the single most important factor in determining range.
Height is quite variable.
Height is ratio data.
Height is recursive .
Height is represented on maps in a number of ways.
Height is safety.
Height is selectable.
Height is set with hydraulics.
Height is seventy to one hundred feet.
Height is short and straw strength is good.
Height is shown when only one measurement is present.
Height is similar to Eight-Twelve and straw strength is better.
Height is slightly stronger as a predictor.
Height is something of a hindrance to fighter pilots and behind enemy lines.
Height is taken to the top of the tree, whether it is dead or alive.
Height is taller than Ajay but shorter than most other adapted varieties.
Height is taller than most common soft white varieties and winterhardiness is similar to Stephens.
Height is the average length from the soil surface to the top of the main stem of mature plants.
Height is the average length in inches from the ground to the tip of the main stem at maturity.
Height is the average length in inches of mature plants from the ground to the tip of the main stem.
Height is the best indicator to help authenticate the jar as genuine.
Height is the best way to approximate a child's size.
Height is the biggest issue of today's game.
Height is the distance from the base of the tree to the topmost twig of the tree.
Height is the distance from the bottom to the top of something standing upright.
Height is the distance from the top of the wave to the bottom of the trough between two waves.
Height is the first element in the list, width is second.
Height is the height of the outcoming film.
Height is the hinge pin length.
Height is the lowest point along the center line of the tarp.
Height is the maximum number of edges between current node and any descendant.
Height is the most difficult thing to teach,' a trainer says.
Height is the most important factor.
Height is the number of lines of text displayed in the field without scrolling.
Height is the objective.
Height is the same between first and second story.
Height is the vertical axis, first in inches, then in centimeters.
Height is the vertical distance from the ground to the highest leaf-tip.
Height is to PTO mounting face.
Height is to top of valve covers.
Height is top of heel to highest outside boot measurement.
Height is under the control of more than one gene, perhaps many.
Height is unspecified.
Height is used to add capacity without increasing ground space.
Height is very important for rhombics, as it is for all antennas.
Height is very important, because most of the girls, who also do fashion modeling, are very tall.
Height isa dimension.
Height listed below is door height.
Height matters less than the lead-in.
Height matters more than place.
Height means more than the low one half watt of output power the radios produce.
Height precedes width.
Height progressively decreases.
Height ranges from centimetres.
Height reaches about six inches.
Height refers to above ground portion.
Height refers to how tall the wall and openings are.
Height refers to how tall the wall is.
Height refers to terrain surface or vegetation.
Height remains constant when layout changed.
Height represents the number of times each number showed up.
Height returns the height of the tree.
Height specifies the height of the font in the measure of the destination.
Height specifies the height.
Height spend without an wholesale sony projection tv.
Height varies according to variety.
Height varies by cultivar Full sun Well-drained, moderately dry soil.
Height varies depending on the height of graft union.
Height varies depending on where the controls are.
Height varies from location to location.
Height varies from one to eight feet.
Height varies with latitude and season.
Height wins over distance in the desert.
Heights adding lure of green Please patronize our sponsors.
Heights also vary greatly according to variety.
Heights are also an average.
Heights are an average of the highest one third of the wave heights over a sampling period.
Heights are in feet.
Heights are in kilometers.
Heights are in metres.
Heights are normal garden heights in the Pacific Northwest.
Heights are rel- ative to the eye.
Heights basically consists of three stories.
Heights can reach up to nine-thousand feet.
Heights Click on any picture below to see larger version plus updated views.
Heights has data ports in every room.
Heights has good size, athletic ability and shooting skills.
Heights has the offensive weapons to get back on track quickly.
Heights is available for use by neighborhood and community organizations.
Heights is children friendly.
Heights is one of only ten schools state-wide selected to participate.
Heights is one of only twenty four schools nationwide selected to participate.
Heights is the first of the six county public school districts to begin classes.
Heights listed in the Catalog are for general reference.
Heights match various heights of the different bins.
Heights range from one to three feet depending on variety and conditions.
Heights range from six inches to three feet.
Heights range from three to seven storeys depending on their location and use.
Heights range from two and a half to three and a half feet.
Heights vary according to variety.
Heights vary from the downright petite, to the potentially monstrous.
Heights Welcome to the City of Sterling Heights web site.
Height frequently doubles after the first flowers appear.
Height usually proceeds width.
All heights are from ground level to top of tripod, vertical.
All heights are in cm, weights in kg.
All heights are in inches unless noted otherwise.
All heights are in meters.
All heights are positive integers.
All heights are to top of tripod.
All heights given are approximate above sea level in mid-latitudes.
All heights mean sea level except ceilings.
Any height is available in an assortment of colors.
Any height is available.
Every height has it's hollow.
More height is more speed, just waiting to happen.
Most height has effects.
Most height ranges from centimetres.
Most heights are compatible with two sizes.
Some height depends on moisture.
Some height is affected by conditions.
Heighten protection is available to one's primary residence.
Heightened imagination is the only possible way to conduct a life.
Heimaey residents fight for their village and harbor.
Heinous crimes become affairs of state.
Heinous crimes continue to be committed.
Heinous scheme involves pipelines and plutonium.
Heinous style Join the ranks.
HEIR meetings are open to anyone interested in attending and are relatively informal.
A heir is an acquirer
Heir isa recipient.
Heir points out the bird in a field guide.
Heir reads very much like a bridge book.
Heir takes up the story almost immediately after the suspenseful ending of Daughter .
Heirs acquire interest.
Heirs also have the right to claim restitution of property.
Heirs battle an artist, saying they control images of the slapstick trio.
Heirs benefit equally by class.
Heirs can also receive their inheritances in installments as they mature.
Heirs can avoid an income tax liquidity trap.
Heirs can save money by negotiating a lower fee or challenging an excessive one in court.
Heirs get financial interest.
Heirs get interest.
Heirs get tax breaks for farmland if they continue farming.
Heirs have (part) arms.
Heirs have (part) body substances.
Heirs have (part) cell membranes.
Heirs have (part) cells.
Heirs have (part) corpi.
Heirs have (part) cytoplasm.
Heirs have (part) heads.
Heirs have (part) human bodies.
Heirs have (part) legs.
Heirs have (part) material bodies.
Heirs have (part) necks.
Heirs have (part) nuclei.
Heirs have (part) personality.
Heirs have (part) plasma membranes.
Heirs have (part) sections.
Heirs have (part) vacuoles.
Heirs have interest.
Heirs have status.
Heirs have vest interest.
Heirs inherit by right.
Heirs inherit the assets at their full, appreciated value.
Heirs inherit the donor's basis if the transfer takes place during life.
Heirs inherit things that become their possessions.
Heirs pay no taxes on what is left.
Heirs receive an inheritance.
Heirs together is most likely a profession of the love that the couple shared during their marriage.
Heirs will have rights.
Heirs often receive only a fraction of the original value after both taxes are levied.
More heirs means less inheritance per person.
Most heirs acquire interest.
Most heirs expect life insurance to have a different effect.
Most heirs get financial interest.
Most heirs get interest.
Most heirs have interest.
Most heirs have status.
Most heirs have vest interest.
Most heirs prefer to sell, rather than donate their collections.
Some heirs have conditions.
Some heirs have medical conditions.
Some heirs have serious conditions.
Some heirs have serious medical conditions.
Some heirs sell pictures.
Some heirs sell skeletons.
A heiress is a heir
All heiresses are beautiful.
Heirloom beans are also unique in color and taste.
Heirloom gardening can be many things.
Heirloom plants are always open pollinated.
Some heirloom plants are much older, some being apparently pre-historic .
Heirloom seeds grow old-fashioned varieties of plants and vegetables.
Heirloom varieties are stronger and more suited for organic gardening.
Heirloom varieties are typically much more difficult to find.
Heirloom vegetables are an edible bit of history.
Heirloom vegetables are old-fashioned varieties passed down from generation to generation.
Heirloom vegetables are tastier and hardier than their hybrid counterparts.
Heirloom vegetables come in far more varieties than modern hybrids do.
Heirloom vegetables have more taste than most modern varieties.
Heirloom vegetables have such wonderful distinctive flavors, they deserve a distinctive recipe.
A heirloom is a property
Heirloom daffodils like cool, moist springs and baking summers.
Heirloom daffodils, other spring bulbs.
Heirloom means the seeds are traditional varieties created the old way by cross breeding.
Heirloom Pillows How to make beautiful heirloom pillows from vintage linens.
Heirloom provides the background music, which is also provided without narration.
Heirloom rhythms for home and office.
Heirlooms are also a reservoir of genetic diversity.
Heirlooms are important though and they tell the history of our family.
Heirlooms are inheritances.
Heirlooms are old varieties of vegetables that have survived through decades, or even centuries.
Heirlooms are part of inheritances.
Heirlooms are properties.
Heirlooms are the plants that our forefathers survived on.
Heirlooms are very light feeders.
Heirlooms can be finicky as well.
Heirlooms generally have more flavor than hybrids.
Heirlooms invite passion.
Many heirlooms have traits that modern growers saw as flaws.
Some heirlooms are actually seeds that can produce prized vegetables.
A heist is a robbery
Heist asks for volunteers to form the sampling groups.
Heist is an interesting game, primarily because of the game concept.
Heist is an isometric third-person game.
Heists are robberies.
HeLa cells have what is described as a highly active telomerase gene.
Heli outfits have limited space and fill up quickly.
Heli skiing is possible at the deep snowfields.
Helianthus isa angiosperm.
Helianthuses grow in environments.
Helianthuses have (part) blossoms.
Helianthuses have (part) carpels.
Helianthuses have (part) cell membranes.
Helianthuses have (part) cells.
Helianthuses have (part) corpi.
Helianthuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Helianthuses have (part) flowers.
Helianthuses have (part) nuclei.
Helianthuses have (part) ovaries.
Helianthuses have (part) perianths.
Helianthuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Helianthuses have (part) sections.
Helianthuses have (part) stamens.
Helianthuses have (part) vacuoles.
Most helianthuses grow in environments.
Helical capsids can also be more complex, and involve more than one protein subunit.
Helical flutes ensure smooth cutting action and excellent chip evacuation.
Helical gears create axial thrust.
Helical gears have teeth that are set at an angle to the axle.
Helical piers use screw piles with steel shafts.
Helical springs exert the entire gripping force and prevent slippage.
Helical vortices writhe about below main funnel.
A helicon is a tuba
Helicon is based in Austria, Europe.
Heliconid butterflies are neither rare nor inconspicuous.
Helicopter carriers are used by the United States Marine Corps and some navies.
Helicopter logging is an extremely expensive method of harvesting timber.
Helicopter logging offers an environmental alternative to traditional logging methods.
Helicopter logging sounds good, but isn t economically feasible in most situations.
Helicopter pilots are special.
Helicopter pilots change their tours daily depending on where the lava is flowing.
Helicopter pilots involve in operations.
Helicopter pilots involve in rescue operations.
Helicopter pilots report that the clouds smell like exhaust fumes.
Helicopter pilots swoop critically ill infants from rural Alabama counties to Birmingham hospitals.
Most helicopter pilots involve in operations.
Most helicopter pilots involve in rescue operations.
Helicopter rotor blades whip up mini-blizzards that can blind pilots.
Helicopter rotors present an even more difficult modeling challenge.
A helicopter is an aircraft
Helicopter flying by residents is optional.
Helicopter isa aircraft.
Helicopter lets loose torrential firebombs.
Helicopter takes off.
Helicopters allow for rapid and frequent use of vast areas of wilderness.
Helicopters also fly to some of the islands.
Helicopters also make a return, joined by a new helicopter bomber, highly effective in large groups.
Helicopters appear out of nowhere with an American unit to provide relief support to the village.
Helicopters appear to be the most effective means of rescue.
Helicopters are a difficult noise problem.
Helicopters are a genial idea for a host of reasons.
Helicopters are a little smaller.
Helicopters are able to reposition four times more quickly than ships.
Helicopters are also a part of the aviation force structure.
Helicopters are also available if wish to get even further into the bush.
Helicopters are also very hard to find.
Helicopters are associated with so many maintenance cost drivers.
Helicopters are critical crime-fighting tools for tracking and capturing suspects.
Helicopters are different from airplanes.
Helicopters are especially useful in treating large areas and in mountainous terrain.
Helicopters are especially useful when there are floods and other disasters.
Helicopters are everywhere in Kingston.
Helicopters are everywhere.
Helicopters are exciting and sophisticated aircraft.
Helicopters are expensive to keep for another day.
Helicopters are favorites in the Delta and a few are pontoon equipped.
Helicopters are great tank busters, but are vulnerable to thin-skinned antiair vehicles.
Helicopters are increasingly popular for flightseeing.
Helicopters are inherently unstable.
Helicopters are located in air.
Helicopters are located in airports.
Helicopters are machines.
Helicopters are more maneuverable and are also efficient.
Helicopters are noisier, more difficult to fly, and give a bumpier ride than conventional aircraft.
Helicopters are our business.
Helicopters are our only business.
Helicopters are real handy with what is called initial attacks.
Helicopters are safe to fly in.
Helicopters are still on duty to douse new burning trees with water.
Helicopters are surprisingly expensive to purchase and maintain.
Helicopters are the only way to reach damaged areas.
Helicopters are the political football right now.
Helicopters are the primary means for moving logistics support.
Helicopters are the ultimate shuttle vehicle, adding a timely adrenaline boost before paddling.
Helicopters are to be use instead of an airplane.
Helicopters are to use the L as their pad.
Helicopters are used for flies.
Helicopters are used for transport.
Helicopters are used for travel.
Helicopters are useful for treating discrete or isolated patches of host material.
Helicopters arrive at scenes.
Helicopters assist police activities by providing support and a presence in the air.
Helicopters buzz in and out of the heliport directly across the river.
Helicopters can also help.
Helicopters can also take-off and land without having to use a runway or airport.
Helicopters can cause significant downwash and vortices.
Helicopters can do things no other machine can.
Helicopters can dump retardant and water to aid firefighting efforts.
Helicopters can go so high they are out of sight.
Helicopters can land at the circuit by prior arangement only.
Helicopters can land in the castle grounds.
Helicopters can land in the hotel grounds.
Helicopters can rescue people or intercept vessels smuggling migrants or narcotics.
Helicopters can stir up the waters, decreasing visiblity, and the victims chances of survival.
Helicopters can take off and land anywhere.
Helicopters can take off from, and land upon, nearly any flat spot.
Helicopters can usually land close to the injured skier for immediate evacuation.
Helicopters carrying sightseers also bank off the coast and para-sailers wave from above.
Helicopters cause more disturbance to bird colonies than fixed wing airplanes.
Helicopters clatter overhead at night.
Helicopters constantly fly overhead.
Helicopters continue dropping water on hot spots.
Helicopters continue to hover low over the community centre and nationalist housing estates.
Helicopters couldn t even fly because of the conditions.
Helicopters criss-cross the sky all morning.
Helicopters do fly in and out.
Helicopters do much the same thing.
Helicopters don t have de-icing equipment and in cold weather they can t fly into clouds.
Helicopters drop water on the flames as firefighters look on.
Helicopters especially are a major transportation vehicle for the offshore oil industry.
Helicopters face increasing restrictions in their operations, both in the air and on the ground.
Helicopters fill the sky, gunships shooting up the treeline.
Helicopters fly over head from the local TV crews.
Helicopters fly over on regular basis.
Helicopters fly over the beaches.
Helicopters fly overhead, as they do during the entire week of the meetings.
Helicopters fly throughout the day but bookings are essential.
Helicopters flying from icebreakers are the ship's eyes to locate objects over the horizon.
Helicopters generate even more turbulence.
Helicopters get lift from their rotor blades.
Helicopters give a range of flexibility in the tactical area that nothing else does.
Helicopters give soldiers rapid transportation from one place to another.
Helicopters grind overhead.
Helicopters has many special arrangements for rooms and low cost accommodation.
Helicopters haul huge hats.
Helicopters have (part) aircraft engines.
Helicopters have (part) bases.
Helicopters have (part) ceilings.
Helicopters have (part) floors.
Helicopters have (part) fuel gauges.
Helicopters have (part) fuel indicators.
Helicopters have (part) fuel lines.
Helicopters have (part) fuel systems.
Helicopters have (part) gas gages.
Helicopters have (part) gas gauges.
Helicopters have (part) gas lines.
Helicopters have (part) gas tanks.
Helicopters have (part) gasoline gages.
Helicopters have (part) gasoline gauges.
Helicopters have (part) gasoline tanks.
Helicopters have (part) petrol gages.
Helicopters have (part) petrol gauges.
Helicopters have (part) petrol lines.
Helicopters have (part) petrol tanks.
Helicopters have (part) power trains.
Helicopters have (part) room light.
Helicopters have (part) sections.
Helicopters have (part) walls.
Helicopters have a growing number of general aviation uses.
Helicopters have a much poorer safety record than fixed-wing aircraft.
Helicopters have no right to take over the skies of residential North County.
Helicopters hover nearby.
Helicopters Includes attack helicopters.
Helicopters mean searches end in hours rather than days.
Helicopters monitor crowd movement, while officers are posted on nearly every block of Center City.
Helicopters normally fly low and slow.
Helicopters normally land and takeoff into the wind.
Helicopters now ferry tourists to the mountain, and adventure tours onto the volcano are the rage.
Helicopters patrol the skies . . . . . .
Helicopters patrol the sky and soldiers with machine guns are a common sight on the street.
Helicopters pick up some of the logs but the majority are moved by truck.
Helicopters pose an almost indefensible threat.
Helicopters provide close support for many research teams.
Helicopters provide excellent fly knockdown with area sprays but are quite expensive to operate.
Helicopters provide notoriously bumpy platforms for photography.
Helicopters range widely in size, payload and range capability.
Helicopters seem to die too easily.
Helicopters serve only to access remote settings.
Helicopters sound remarkably like helicopters.
Helicopters spend a lot of time sitting on the ground waiting for the skies to clear.
Helicopters still have access.
Helicopters take the spectators to the finish line.
Helicopters use their buckets which dangle below the belly of the ship to drop water on hotspots.
Helicopters utilizing water drops assisted suppression activity.
Helicopters whirl their blades in utter frustration at altitudes where the air gets thin.
Helicopters often land and let their passengers explore the glaciers on foot.
All helicopters are dangerous.
All helicopters are top heavy.
All helicopters have adjustable pitch curves which can changed to suit anyflying style.
Any helicopter can crash.
Most helicopters accomplish yaw control using the small tail rotor.
Most helicopters are much more complex than airplanes with many moving parts.
Most helicopters arrive at scenes.
Most helicopters have what is known as a constant speed rotor.
Some helicopters can have as many as six main rotor blades, and up to five tail rotor blades.
Some helicopters have a nose landing gear while others have a tail landing gear.
Some helicopters have more weapon bays than others.
Some helicopters have the sight mounted on their mast or the top of their rotor.
Some helicopters use two separate flight control servo systems completely independent of each other.
A heliogravure is print
Heliogravures can be very difficult to distinguish from etchings and engravings.
A heliopsis is a wild flower
Heliopsis helianthoides var.
Heliopsis is ideal for the middle of island beds or in the back of borders.
Helioseismic data show temporal variations that are clearly related to the solar cycle.
A heliotherapy is therapy
Heliotherapy is the treatment of disease by exposing the body to sunlight.
Heliothis pedigrees contd.
A heliotrope is quartz
Heliotropes are annuals that do very poorly as houseplants.
Heliox saturation works just as well in shallow as it does in deep waters.
A heliozoan is a protozoan
Heliozoans are spherical and are frequently enveloped by a shell made of silica or organic material.
Heliozoans engulf any organism ranging from picoplankton to copepods.
Heliozoans feed in the same way as amoebas, by engulfing their prey.
Heliozoans live primarily in fresh water.
A heliport is an airport
Heliports have green, yellow, and white beacons that pulse faster than beacons used for airports.
Helitack crews pay off in California.
Helium atoms have charge.
Helium atoms have mass.
Most helium atoms have charge.
Most helium atoms have mass.
Helium balloons are a great way to get noticed above the heads of the crowds.
Helium balloons are located in air.
Helium balloons are located in birthday parties.
Helium balloons are located in circus.
Helium balloons are located in gift shops.
Helium balloons are located in parades.
Helium balloons are located in skies.
Helium balloons are the vibrant and welcomed alternative to sending flowers.
Helium balloons are used for decoration.
Helium balloons are used for flies.
Helium balloons are used for fun.
Helium balloons are used for rises.
Helium balloons are used for travel.
Helium balloons are used for views.
Helium balloons float because the density of the helium is lower than the density of the air.
Helium balloons float because they are lighter than the air they replace.
Helium balloons get attention and add to the fun.
Helium balloons work using exactly the same law of buoyancy as water flotation.
Helium clusters are unique finite quantum systems.
Helium diving requires as much or more decompression time as nitrogen, so there is no saving there.
Helium flashes occur in low-mass red giants whose helium ash inner cores have become degenerate.
Helium fusion begins, with a great amount of energy released.
Helium fusion ceases for lack of fuel.
Some helium fusion takes places.
Helium gas is unreactive, colourless, and odourless.
Helium ions are more difficult to image, and more sophistication in fit algorithms is needed.
Helium isotopes provide a tracer of mantle processes.
Helium microwave induced plasmas can readily ionize nonmetals to plus one ions.
Helium processing involves injection of helium gas directly into the cavities.
Helium testing can detect slower leak rates for two reasons.
Helium has (part) atoms.
Helium has benefits.
Helium has energy.
Helium has forces.
Helium has many unique properties.
Helium has properties.
Helium has unique properties.
Helium isa element.
Most helium has benefits.
Most helium has energy.
Most helium has forces.
Most helium has many unique properties.
Most helium has properties.
Most helium has unique properties.
Most helium is produced commercially from certain natural gas wells.
Some helium becomes liquids.
Some helium has molecular weight.
Some helium has viscosity.
Some helium has weight.
A helix is a structure
Helices become slightly modulated.
Helices can pack with enough energy to drive dimerization.
Helices forming the fingers region also move to widen the DNA binding cleft by several Angstroms.
Helix isa shape.
Helixs are curves.
Helixs are software.
Helixs are spirals.
Hell fire is gone, but the text remains.
Hell fire is just final for all eternity.
Hell aint half full.
Hell attracts one with accumulated evil karma from violent anger.
Hell be a force for two more years.
Hell be a tremendous addition to the staff and an excellent resource to the players.
Hell be back.
Hell being hot is symbolic and fire denotes a cleansing.
Hell Can Be Optional.
HELL is a place of torment.
Hell is a region
HELL is an equal opportunity employer.
HELL is here.
Hell Is Other People.
Hell is regions.
Hell Is Too Crowded . .
Hell is trouble.
Hell just pick em up by the tail and throw em out.
Hell now awaits.
Hell realms, of whatever style or flavor, all have one common element.
Hell sell it to China and get it over with.
Hell starts above ground.
Hells really exist for people who have done evil and created bad kamma due to a lack of morality.
All hell brakes loose.
All hell breaks loose after a mysterious, ancient chain letter is trashed.
All hell breaks loose and seats are abandoned en masse.
All hell breaks loose as the family's 'secrets and lies' are gradually revealed.
All hell breaks loose as the little piranhas smell blood in the water.
All hell breaks loose at the table.
All hell breaks loose back home.
All hell breaks loose by the wrap of the film, when all the secrets are out on the table.
All hell breaks loose from day one, with each screw up more disastrous than the last.
All hell breaks loose if both are brought inside at the same time.
All hell breaks loose in the last third of the film as fantastic elements come to the fore.
All hell breaks loose on the newsgroup.
All hell breaks loose on the screen.
All hell breaks loose regarding future appointments, etc.
All hell breaks loose transforming New York City into a war zone.
All hell breaks loose when a college film maker decides to live dangerously.
All hell breaks loose when a security breakdown allows the dinosaurs to escape their enclosures.
All hell breaks loose when the girl's family discovers the truth.
All hell breaks loose when the hurricane hits.
All hell breaks loose, and nearly everyone dies.
All hell breaks loose, however, when the following question is asked.
All hell breaks loose, weirdness, violence, and doofiness follows.
All hell breaks loose.
All hell breaks lose for everybody involved.
All hell breaks lose when one of the numerous cousins is found to be pregnant before marriage.
All hell breaks lose.
All hell breaks out.
All hell can break loose.
All hell is about to break loose in the basketball world.
All hell is about to break loose.
All hell needs is water.
All hell now is loosed upon earth.
All hell quickly breaks loose and onlookers are left absolutely baffled.
All hell then breaks loose.
Some hellbender salamanders adapt to niches.
Some hellbender salamanders adapt to specific niches.
A hellbender is a salamander
Hellbender isa salamander.
Hellbenders absorb oxygen.
Hellbenders also express unusual specializations associated with cutaneous respiration.
Hellbenders also have a large, keeled tail and tiny eyes.
Hellbenders also use a lateral line system of sensory receptors to detect stimuli from the water.
Hellbenders are a type of salamander that use camoflauge to hide.
Hellbenders are also generally intolerant to any heavy recreational use within their habitat.
Hellbenders are also quite slimy.
Hellbenders are aquatic organisms throughout their life and remain active year-round.
Hellbenders are biodindicators of stream quality, as their tolerance for poor water quality is low.
Hellbenders are completely aquatic.
Hellbenders are considered a living fossil.
Hellbenders are considered an endangered species in Indiana.
Hellbenders are fully aquatic amphibians, meaning that they live entirely underwater.
Hellbenders are highly vulnerable to pollution and siltation of their rivers and streams.
Hellbenders are made for life in the water.
Hellbenders are nocturnal and search at night for small fish and crayfish.
Hellbenders are non-poisonous and pose no threat to humans.
Hellbenders are Pennsylvania's largest salamanders.
Hellbenders are protected at the state level throughout their range.
Hellbenders are salamanders.
Hellbenders are sensitive to pollution because they needs clean and well oxygenated water.
Hellbenders are solitary animals.
Hellbenders are split into two groups, called subspecies.
Hellbenders are the largest salamanders in North America.
Hellbenders are threatened or endangered in every state they are found in.
Hellbenders breathe through their wrinkly skin.
Hellbenders can grow to over two feet long and weigh more than four pounds.
Hellbenders can range in color from dull brown or gray to bright orange or red.
Hellbenders can see with their whole bodies.
Hellbenders can swim, but usually walk along the stream bottom using their sturdy limbs.
Hellbenders depend on the cooler temperatures of streams at higher elevations.
Hellbenders fill ecological niches.
Hellbenders fill niches.
Hellbenders forage for their prey at night and sometimes also on overcast days.
Hellbenders have (part) brains.
Hellbenders have (part) breasts.
Hellbenders have (part) cell membranes.
Hellbenders have (part) cells.
Hellbenders have (part) chest cavities.
Hellbenders have (part) chests.
Hellbenders have (part) corpi.
Hellbenders have (part) cytoplasm.
Hellbenders have (part) ears.
Hellbenders have (part) faces.
Hellbenders have (part) heads.
Hellbenders have (part) nuclei.
Hellbenders have (part) pedal extremities.
Hellbenders have (part) plasma membranes.
Hellbenders have (part) rib cages.
Hellbenders have (part) sections.
Hellbenders have (part) skulls.
Hellbenders have (part) sterna.
Hellbenders have (part) vacuoles.
Hellbenders have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hellbenders have a flat body and head, a large, very keeled tail, and tiny eyes.
Hellbenders have an interesting reproductive process.
Hellbenders have an unusual mating system.
Hellbenders have four toes on their front feet and five on their hind feet.
Hellbenders have lidless eyes, but the eyes are poor at forming images.
Hellbenders have lungs.
Hellbenders have one of the most inefficient respiratory systems in the animal kingdom.
Hellbenders hide under rocks in the daytime and eat crayfish, earthworms, and insects at night.
Hellbenders keep crayfish populations in check, allowing more and bigger game fish to develop.
Hellbenders lay eggs in the late summer.
Hellbenders lead a dangerous life.
Hellbenders live for years.
Hellbenders live in large permanent streams and rivers.
Hellbenders live underwater and breathe through fleshy folds in their skin.
Hellbenders play vital roles in their ecosystem as predators of crayfish and prey to large fish.
Hellbenders prefer swift running, well oxygenated, unpolluted streams and rivers.
Hellbenders require swift running, well-oxygenated, unpolluted streams and rivers.
Hellbenders require very specific habitats.
Hellbenders respond properly only to native species of predatory fish.
Hellbenders serve as hosts to leeches, nematodes, parasitic worms, and tapeworms.
Hellbenders use large rocks, logs, and even some manmade objects to hide under during the day.
Hellbenders use specific chemical cues to escape predation along with sensing movement in the water.
Most hellbenders absorb oxygen.
Most hellbenders fill ecological niches.
Most hellbenders fill niches.
Most hellbenders have lungs.
Most hellbenders live for years.
Some hellbenders have characteristics.
Some hellbenders have trouble.
Some hellbenders live in environments.
Some hellbenders live in freshwater streams.
Some hellbenders live in streams.
Some hellbenders live in toxic environments.
Some hellbenders move kms.
Some hellbenders occur in streams.
Some hellbenders reach maturity.
Some hellbenders reach sexual maturity.
Some hellbenders rely on senses.
Some hellbenders use biotechnology.
Helles means golden.
A hellebore is a poisonous plant
Hellebores are easy to propagate by seed.
Hellebores are evergreen, and among the very first perennials to bloom.
Hellebores are fantastic understorey plants for shady spots.
Hellebores are flowers.
Hellebores are members of the buttercup family, which includes ranunculuses and columbines.
Hellebores are plants.
Hellebores are poisonous plants.
Hellebores are poisonous.
Hellebores are sensitive, however to too poor drainage and too much moisture.
Hellebores are strikingly attractive shade-loving perennials.
Hellebores are totally trouble-free once established.
Hellebores are woodland plants so they are happiest in dappled shade and rich moist soil.
Hellebores demand moist conditions and prefer partial shade.
Hellebores do poorly when crowded in by other plants or stuck in heavy clay.
Hellebores have relatively few pest or disease problems.
Hellebores have various preferences for soil and site.
Hellebores love light shade and pop into flower even before the daffodils have made an appearance.
Hellebores seem to be gaining popularity, showing up on catalog covers and in garden magazines.
Hellebores thrive in loamy soil enriched with plenty of compost.
Most hellebores prefer a neutral or alkaline soil.
A helleborine is an orchid
Helleborine knows the lively, well-functioning mind.
Hellenic religion stresses a balance throughout ones life.
Hellenic standards support the development of national economy in general.
All Hellenic teachers have obtained university training an all are native speakers.
Hellenistic art takes a natural, rational, and humanistic approach to life.
Hellenistic grave reveals a silver coin for passage to the underworld.
Hellenistic phalanges acc.
Hellenistic poetry treats the idea of song as a convention.
Hellenistic portraits are often brutally realistic portraying the real faces that ruled their world.
Most Hellenistic studies stress Alexandrine change.
Heller myotomy is superior to dilatation for the treatment of early achalasia.
Heller myotomy is the appropriate treatment for patients in whom pneumatic dilatation fails.
A heller is an unit
Heller continues to be one of the specialty finance companies with the most promise.
Heller goes on to explain the specific problems of women writers.
Heller is much the same.
Heller presents a hilarious, and at times, sadistic satire of war.
Hellers chooses the only line which maintains the initiative.
A hellfire is a pit
Hellfire has it's share of pluses and minuses.
Hellfire is a good expansion for an already great game.
Hellfire is a merely very good add-on.
Hellfire is a reasonable add-on to a truly great game.
Hellfire is made up of a few good women with full time jobs.
Hellfires are hell.
A hellhound is a mythical creature
Hellhounds travel in rabid packs so be careful.
Hellish corrosions crack our pliant muscles and steel skeletons.
Hellish encounters can be the vehicle for redemptive resurrection experiences.
Hello isa greeting.
A helm is leadership
HELM assumes no responsibility for the contents of the ads or the advertisers.
HELM reserves the right to reject an entry for any reason.
Helms are leadership.
Helms are mountains.
Helms are part of motorboats.
Helms are part of sailing vessels.
Helms are part of ships.
Helms are part of tugboats.
Helms range from chain mail coifs and leather caps to full knight's helms.
Helms then reverses into a Northern Lights suplex for a two count.
Helms always runs mean ads.
A helmet is a shell
Helmet isa shield.
Helmets actually do affect a rider's ability to hear.
Helmets also fit snugly and cradle the head, minimizing head and neck motion.
Helmets also restrict vision and hearing, which places riders at a dangerous disadvantage.
Helmets are a controversial topic in some groups.
Helmets are a form of security.
Helmets are a great idea.
Helmets are a hassle.
Helmets are a little like shoes, in that they do break-in a little.
Helmets are a necessity.
Helmets are a very effective device for protecting motorcyclists against severe head injuries.
Helmets are a VERY good idea.
Helmets are also highly recomended when using ride-on lawn mower.
Helmets are an essential component of any snowboarder's protective gear, regardless of ability.
Helmets are another precaution against injury.
Helmets are available as well.
Helmets are available at any bike shop.
Helmets are available at no additional charge and their use is requested.
Helmets are available at no additional charge.
Helmets are available for all climbers.
Helmets are available for all riders and strongly recommended.
Helmets are available for purchase.
Helmets are available for rent with bike rental, and are available for purchase.
Helmets are available for rent.
Helmets are available for riders of all ages if desired.
Helmets are available for riders of any age if requested.
Helmets are available for student use.
Helmets are available for the course.
Helmets are available from ski supply stores or from specialty mail-order houses.
Helmets are available from sports stores and orthotic appliance centres.
Helmets are available in a variety of colors and designs.
Helmets are available in child, youth and adult sizes.
Helmets are available in two styles in both red and yellow.
Helmets are available upon request.
Helmets are available.
Helmets are cheap and effective in preventing serious injuries and lowering insurance premiums.
Helmets are cheap, and the cheap ones work fine.
Helmets are compulsory for all cyclists.
Helmets are compulsory for motorcyclists and their passengers.
Helmets are compulsory for motorcyclists.
Helmets are compulsory when using a motor scooter.
Helmets are compulsory.
Helmets are cool.
Helmets are covering.
Helmets are crucial to rider safety, and research has shown there is no negative side to their use.
Helmets are customary.
Helmets are custom-fitted to each crewmember.
Helmets are eighty-five percent effective in protecting against brain injuries.
Helmets are essential.
Helmets are even more effective in preventing brain injuries.
Helmets are for fags.
Helmets are for working with hard rocks.
Helmets are hats.
Helmets are headdresses.
Helmets are highly recommended, and are available at the skate rental counter.
Helmets are important in sports other than cycling.
Helmets are in.
Helmets are just as important as safety belts and child safety seats.
Helmets are less likely to damage the asphalt.
Helmets are mandatory and face masks are strongly recommended.
Helmets are mandatory and face masks are urged.
Helmets are mandatory and headsets are illegal.
Helmets are mandatory for all competitions.
Helmets are mandatory for all competitors.
Helmets are mandatory for all events.
Helmets are mandatory for all motorcycle drivers, driving on public roads.
Helmets are mandatory for all participants in all events.
Helmets are mandatory for all participants.
Helmets are mandatory for all riders.
Helmets are mandatory for bikers.
Helmets are mandatory for cyclists.
Helmets are mandatory for everyone.
Helmets are mandatory for motorcycles and bicycle riders.
Helmets are mandatory for participation.
Helmets are mandatory in all events, both racing and recreational.
Helmets are mandatory in British Columbia.
Helmets are mandatory on all rides.
Helmets are mandatory when mounted.
Helmets are mandatory, as are avalanche transceivers.
Helmets are mandatory.
Helmets are necessary for bicycle safety.
Helmets are now comfortable, warm, ventilated and hearing non-restrictive.
Helmets are now compulsory, but only for the driver.
Helmets are obligatory for all stages.
Helmets are often a good idea.
Helmets are one of the hottest selling accessories in the USA and for good reason.
Helmets are only useful after a crash.
Helmets are optional in Idaho.
Helmets are part of body armor.
Helmets are require d for all programs Prices include resort passes.
Helmets are require for all rides.
Helmets are required equipment in neighboring Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
Helmets are required for all events, for slalom any kind of head gear or mouth guard is accepted.
Helmets are subject to stock on hand.
Helmets are the best means of minimizing head injuries.
Helmets are the first line of defense against many types of accidents.
Helmets are the most effective safeguards against traumatic head injuries.
Helmets are the most important safety equipment.
Helmets are the next most important piece of equipment.
Helmets are the only skating equipment approved by a safety organization.
Helmets are the responsibility of each competitor.
Helmets are the single most important piece of safety equipment in bicycling.
Helmets are to be painted in fieldgray.
Helmets are to be worn at all times.
Helmets are too heavy and expensive.
Helmets are used for protection.
Helmets are usually a good idea.
Helmets can also have bright colors and reflective tape or striping that makes riders more visible.
Helmets can be useful, too.
Helmets can catch on tree limbs or play equipment, causing strangulation.
Helmets can greatly reduce the risk of head injuries and death.
Helmets can have little benefit in a severe collision with a motor vehicle.
Helmets can help reduce the frequency and severity of head injuries.
Helmets can only do their job, however, if properly fitted and adjusted.
Helmets can only provide the best protection if worn properly.
Helmets can potentially benefit car occupants as much as cyclists.
Helmets can prevent head injuries and skull fractures.
Helmets can prevent head injuries-the main cause of death and disability.
Helmets can prevent serious head and brain injuries and even save lives.
Helmets can reduce the severity of injury, but none can guarantee complete protection.
Helmets can vary in weight.
Helmets cause neck injuries.
Helmets cause overheating.
Helmets come in a range of color and design.
Helmets come in all kinds of colors and styles.
Helmets come in different styles and solid colors.
Helmets come in many different styles and sizes.
Helmets come in many sizes and varieties, including many infant sizes.
Helmets come in many styles and colors.
Helmets come in two basic varieties.
Helmets come off, and faces look toward the sky.
Helmets consist of a composite shell, a polystyrene foam liner, and a comfort liner.
Helmets cost extra.
Helmets decrease the risk of death and severe injury.
Helmets do protect the head from direct impact.
Helmets do save lives.
Helmets dramatically reduce the risk of head injury in a bicycle accident.
Helmets ensure that such an event is unlikely as possible.
Helmets eventually conform to the wearer's head.
Helmets feature a impact resistant high density hard shell.
Helmets feature eight vent holes in the helmet's shell for maximum comfort.
Helmets fill a shelf for colonists who want to borrow a bike during their stay.
Helmets greatly decrease the chance of serious injury in a crash.
Helmets have (part) sections.
Helmets have (part) visors.
Helmets have only a very minor part to play.
Helmets have to be designed and fitted appropriately to work.
Helmets have to be worn by the drivers of any motorbikes within the country.
Helmets help reduce injuries while skateboarding, rollerblading or bicycling.
Helmets help save lives.
Helmets help to protect cyclists from head injuries and save lives.
Helmets likewise are a matter of personal preference.
Helmets offer head protection.
Helmets offer protection.
Helmets prevent injuries and death.
Helmets protect by interposing between the head and the blow.
Helmets protect heads.
Helmets protect the head, hence battle helmets, bicycle helmets, hard hats and the like.
Helmets protect the players and preserve the best features of the game.
Helmets provide minimal protection.
Helmets provide protection and insulation on particularly cold days.
Helmets provide protection for scooter enthusiasts, too.
Helmets provide protection.
Helmets reduce risk of head injury .
Helmets reduce the potential for injury among young and novice curlers.
Helmets reduce the potential for injury.
Helmets reduce the risk of risky behavior.
Helmets reduce unnecessary risk.
Helmets require more care.
Helmets save lives and prevent injuries.
Helmets save lives and prevent serious injuries.
Helmets save lives and protect against serious head injuries.
Helmets save lives.
Helmets significantly reduce the risk of sustaining a serious head injury.
Helmets When worn properly, helmets can prevent serious injury and save lives.
Helmets work by absorbing and distributing the impact of a crash before it reaches the brain.
Helmets work by absorbing the energy of an impact to minimize or prevent head injuries.
Helmets often have fabric cushions inside and fabric straps to hold the helmet on a person 's head .
Helmets often have fabric cushions inside and fabric straps to hold the helmet on a person's head.
Helmets usually provide limited protection.
All helmets are brand new Some of the helmets no longer have their original box.
All helmets are custom made to order.
All helmets have an energy absorbing liner at the core.
All helmets have plush fabric over foam interior with certified impact shell.
All helmets pass the same minimum crash testing.
Any helmet is better than no helmet.
Any helmet is safer than no helmet.
Every helmet has an inner shell made of strong material.
Many helmets also have a hard outer shell to protect against collision with a sharp object.
Many helmets come with adjustment pads for a more comfortable and secure fit.
Many helmets come with removable foam pads to customize the fit.
Many helmets lead to less enjoyable cycling, because the head of the cyclist is no longer free.
Most helmets also come with small openings for vents.
Most helmets are fiberglass.
Most helmets come with adjustable padding to achieve the best fit.
Most helmets come with adjustable sizing pads to help ensure a better fit.
Most helmets come with different size foam pads to ensure the helmet s fit.
Most helmets come with fitting pads of different sizes.
Most helmets have the brand name on the front.
Most helmets offer head protection.
Most helmets offer protection.
Most helmets provide minimal protection.
Most helmets provide protection.
Most helmets use shock-cord tabs to secure a headlamp.
Some helmets allow for the addition of extra padding for a good fit.
Some helmets also are somewhat like the hockey style helmets.
Some helmets are made from metal .
Some helmets are made from metal.
Some helmets are worn by construction workers.
Some helmets are worn by workers.
Some helmets come with several sets of foam fitting pads.
Some helmets cover faces.
Some helmets have a built-in sun visor.
Some helmets have designs.
Some helmets have details.
Some helmets have full color details.
Some helmets have full details.
Some helmets have shocks.
Some helmets have unique designs.
Helminth infection causes an increase in eosinophils.
A helminth is a worm
Helminths are a group of evolutionary unrelated organisms which share a similar form.
Helminths are among the larger parasites.
Helminths are multicellular eucaryotes in the kingdom animalia.
Helminths are uncommon causes of persistent diarrhea.
Helminths are worms.
Helminths cause malnutrition and anemia among children.
Helminths collected from three species of South Dakota lagomorphs.
Helminths present a size problem to immune system, too big to phagocytose.
Many helminths have complex life cycles that involve more than one host.
Some helminths are big enough in the adult stage to see without a microscope.
Helminthes can produce schistomiasis, creeping eruption and hookworm.
Helminthic infections are common.
A helmsman is a seaman
Helmsman nods toward water over side of boat.
Helmsmans are leaders.
Helmsmans are mariners.
Helmsmans are sailors.
Helmsmen are available at an additional charge.
Helmsmen often use coastal landmarks or simply follow other vessels.
A help desk is a service
Help desks are essential for maintaining a smooth-running network and making end users happy.
Help desks are services.
Help desks provide knowledge bases so that prior solutions can be retrieved easily and reused.
Help desks represent an intense and demanding job, and help desk staff struggle with burn-out.
Help points are to be installed financed from other funding mentioned above.
Help projects find and communicate with external actors as consultants, extperts, students etc.
Help systems belong to the family of application support.
Help systems relate curricular goals to current research about writing.
Help also provides background information about search strategies and the design conventions used.
Help are as in the class hierarchy and frame relationships viewers.
Help are as in the class hierarchy viewer.
HELP are the same.
Help are to be added almost everywhere.
Help becomes necessary solely because of the vast number of icons that are completely inexplicable.
Help brighten the day of residents with puppies and kittens.
Help brings up the revelant civilopedia entry for whatever is highlighted.
Help can be a long time in coming.
Help can be as close as a mouse click away.
Help can be difficult to find.
Help can be hard to find.
Help can be on a regular basis or a specific event.
Help can be on the way. .
Help can be used,so learning how to use it is a good idea.
Help can be very far away.
Help can be very useful when there's a feeling of confusion or just to give a little direction.
Help can come from nursing agencies or other sources.
Help can come from unexpected quarters, but there is always a price to pay.
Help can come from within the family or from without.
Help can come in a number of forms.
Help can come in many forms, from friends who cook meals and do the vacuuming to therapy.
Help can come in many forms, from low-interest loans to money to train employees.
Help can come in many forms.
Help can come in many ways.
Help can come in several forms.
Help can come in the form of donated services, funds or volunteered time.
Help can come in the form of workshops, consultations or career-related resources.
Help can come only from the few who found success.
Help can guinnea eggs be eaten.
Help can involve rewards.
Help can involve supporting.
Help can occur in many forms.
Help can sometimes lead to problematic situations.
HELP cmd immediately loads the cmd related file.
Help contains an URL where additional dictionaries can be obtained.
Help contains many hints and tips on solving the problem.
Help contains the preponderance of information also found in the printed User's Guides.
Help desks A critical support point is the help desk.
Help displays a paperclip in the left margin of an annotated topic.
Help displays relevant topics in the scroll-down box in the bottom half of the search window.
Help displays the selected topic.
Help displays the topic for that dialog box or window.
Help does nothing yet.
Help does, too.
Help explains button or menu function.
Help explains it all, and pop-up tooltips describe control choices, so learning the program is easy.
HELP Find a dictionary on computers.
HELP function allows user to specify the topic and the specific help file to use.
HELP groupname lists a brief description of the group requested.
Help has an arrow to nuture, adoption, and integration.
Help has to be gotten to the men aft, especially the injured.
Help has to be more practical in our churches.
Help has to start somewhere.
Help helps, and so forth.
Help includes a comprehensive explanation of what mortgages are and how they work.
Help includes a kick-ass glossary and a floating HTML reference that's a boon to any desktop.
Help includes clothing, shelter, baby supplies, education assistance and more.
Help includes extensive text and reference material, formulae and diagrams.
Help includes funding and technical assistance.
Help includes light housekeeping, assistance with getting up or personal care like bathing.
Help includes riggers, stagehands, sound technicians, lighting technicians and spotlight operators.
Help includes useful tips for searching to find bills.
Help includes workshops sponsored by academic departments, classes and residence halls.
HELP initiate projects to educate the international community about Lebanon.
Help is a browser for on-line help files.
Help is a call away.
Help is a click away.
Help is a context-sensitive help that is found in most dialog boxes and windows.
Help is a good thing.
Help is a mouseclick away.
Help is a non-profit information and referral network.
Help is a phone call away.
Help is a required part of an application.
Help is a toll-free phone call away.
Help is a vital component of any software application.
Help is abundant with plenty of Boolean examples.
Help is accessed by selecting Help from the menu bar.
Help is accessing internet sites useful for first-year biology is availalbe.
Help is added to a form as instructed by the form owner.
Help is advertised on signs in front of participating churches.
Help is all around.
Help is also accessible for each search option.
Help is also always available within the electronic indexes.
Help is also avail- able on each screen through .
Help is also available after an appeal is over.
Help is also available at the command line.
Help is also available at the library reference desk at other times.
Help is also available at the service desk.
Help is also available at the subway stations.
Help is also available at the terminal server prompt through the help command.
Help is also available by clicking on the highlighted text throughout the program.
Help is also available during business hours if technical assistance is needed.
Help is also available for cocaine abusers who suffer from depression.
Help is also available for customizing search queries and view features .
Help is also available for eating disorders, substance abuse, and a variety of other concerns.
Help is also available for further explanation of certain fields. .
Help is also available for help writing cover letters.
Help is also available for particular dialogue boxes.
Help is also available for part-time students.
Help is also available for persons remaining in the community as well as in nursing homes.
Help is also available for programming, converting, or customizing templates.
Help is also available for single parents, by appointment.
Help is also available for social, residential life, and financial issues.
Help is also available for students for whom English is a second language.
Help is also available for students writing applications and letters.
Help is also available for the hearing impaired.
Help is also available for the query language itself.
Help is also available for troubleshooting common configuration issues .
Help is also available from more of our web pages .
Help is also available from New Zealand tutors.
Help is also available from the counselling and chaplaincy services.
Help is also available from the links at the top of each page.
Help is also available from the list server for accessing archive.
Help is also available from within the program.
Help is also available in assisting to correct syntax errors or how to use the software.
Help is also available in developing study skills, time management and a support network.
Help is also available in many communities through hospice organizations.
Help is also available in some communities in the form of escort services and shopping assistance.
Help is also available in Spanish .
Help is also available in study skills and time management.
Help is also available in techniques for writing research papers and the analysis of literature.
Help is also available in the design of new equipment.
Help is also available in the event of a serious accident or other traumatic events.
Help is also available on combining search terms .
Help is also available on difficult identifications.
Help is also available on most forms.
Help is also available on other issues.
Help is also available on the internet.
Help is also available online from the fund companies.
Help is also available on-line from the main window.
Help is also available on-line.
Help is also available online.
Help is also available on-screen.
Help is also available regarding the nuts and bolts of set-up and operations.
Help is also available through a county weed control department.
Help is also available through Internet resources.
Help is also available through local community organizations, counselors or treatment centers.
Help is also available through mail and e-mail.
Help is also available through voice instructions on the system itself.
Help is also available to alumni and other affiliates.
Help is also available to obtain prescription medications.
Help is also available via e-mail.
Help is also available while using the database by clicking on the question mark.
Help is also available with jobsearch, customer service and interview skills.
Help is also available with tuition.
Help is also available with writing effective job search letters, resumes, and interviewing skills.
Help is also available within the editor.
Help is also available within the program.
Help is also available.
Help is also be available to insurance companies and law enforcement agencies.
Help is also often available from school board technical resource persons.
Help is also on the way for neotropical migratory birds.
Help is always a click away.
Help is always a free phone call away.
Help is always a mouse click away.
Help is always a phone call or now an e-mail away.
Help is always accessible by clicking the at the top navigation bar on each screen.
Help is always at hand.
Help is always available and is context sensitive.
Help is always available anywhere within pine.
Help is always available as an ask dr. tech member.
Help is always available at the public service desks or by reading the online help screens.
Help is always available by clicking on the apple on each screen.
Help is always available by clicking on the question mark in the upper right corner of the screen.
Help is always available for the asking.
Help is always available from computer assistants in the labs.
Help is always available from experienced sailors both on and off the water.
Help is always available from the program's pop-up help, comprehensive help file or complete manual.
Help is always available in a variety of ways.
Help is always available on the screen.
Help is always available online, in the printed manual, by fax, email, or over the telephone.
Help is always available through either our online help file or via email.
Help is always available through the net from peers and greater wizards.
Help is always available through the nurses or other staff.
Help is always available through voice prompting.
Help is always available to all members with studying or academic problems.
Help is always available to explain the purpose and individual fields of any screen.
Help is always available, the graphics are great, the gameplay is outstanding.
Help is always available.
Help is always close at hand.
Help is always just a click away.
Help is always just a mouse click away.
Help is always just a phone call away.
Help is always just a telephone call away.
Help is always needed, so do get in touch.
Help is always no more than a phone call away.
Help is always on the screen.
Help is always one keystroke or mouse click away.
Help is always quickly and easily accessible.
Help is always readily available.
Help is always the first commands listed.
Help is always the furthest right menu option on the menu bar.
Help is always the last menu option on the right of the menu bar.
Help is always welcome from organizing the banquet to organizing a class get-together.
Help is always welcome from people willing to provide short term fostering, transport or kennels.
Help is always welcome in any form.
Help is always welcome, and for the walkers often needed.
Help is always welcome.
Help is an activity
Help is an email away.
Help is an essential tool to clarify using discussion fora features.
Help is an online help.
Help is another useful command.
Help is appreciated assisting residents move from their rooms to the worship service.
Help is appreciated quickly.
Help is appreciated.
Help is around the corner.
Help is as close as a call to a local women's clinic or hospital to seek a referral.
Help is as close as a partner or other classmates.
Help is as close as a phone call or e-mail away.
Help is as close as a prayer.
Help is as close as the nearest phone or on the Internet.
Help is as simple as clicking an object on the desktop.
Help is as yet unavailable.
Help is at hand in the form of a homoeopathic first-aid kit.
Help is at hand in the Web equivalent of a plain brown envelope.
Help is at hand literally.
Help is at Hand' Series.
Help is at hand since anyone with incontinence can be made dry or substantially improved.
Help is at hand though.
Help is at hand to solve even the most difficult of problems.
Help is at hand with our support team.
Help is at hand with the websites below.
Help is at hand, however.
Help is at hand, though.
Help is at hand.
Help is at now at hand.
Help is at the reader's fingertips.
Help is at the volunteers discretion.
Help is at their fingertips.
Help is available .
Help Is Available .
Help is available a mouse click away.
Help is available along the way.
Help is available and affordable.
Help is available and is confidential.
Help is available and it's free right from birth.
Help is available and most depression can be treated.
Help is available and the cycle can be broken.
Help is available and the main sources are outlined below.
Help is available as loans and sometimes grants.
Help is available as needed by the student.
Help is available as well as limited support.
Help is available at all times.
Help is available at any point.
Help is available at any time by clicking on the help button near the top of each page.
Help is available at any time on the terminal screen.
Help is available at any time within the program.
Help is available at any time.
Help is available at each level by pressing the 'h' command.
Help is available at each stage of the problem-solving process.
Help is available at each step in the process.
Help is available at every point in the computer catalogue.
Help is available at nearly every screen.
Help is available at no charge from the City of Madison.
Help is available at that point.
Help is available at the bottom of the form.
Help is available at the bottom of the page .
Help is available at the click of a mouse.
Help is available at the desk, or by appointment with one of our multimedia specialists.
Help is available at the following locations.
Help is available at the reference desk at other times.
Help is available at the web site.
Help is available both by appointment and on a walk-in basis.
Help is available both on and off campus.
Help is available both on line and through a toll-free telephone number.
Help is available both on-line and through a phone menu.
Help is available but at cost.
Help is available by appointment, either by self-referral or doctor referral.
Help is available by calling the number below.
Help is available by choosing Help in the dtcollect menubar.
Help is available by choosing Help in the dtdisplay menubar.
Help is available by choosing Help in the dtprocess menubar.
Help is available by clicking on the appropriate underlined terms.
Help is available by clicking on the buttons.
Help is available by clicking on the Help button at any time.
Help is available by clicking on the help icon.
Help is available by clicking on the help link located under the search box.
Help is available by clicking on the red question mark.
Help is available by clicking on the section headers.
Help is available by clicking the question mark at the top right side of the window.
Help is available by phone and e-mail.
Help is available by phone from car companies, dealers, and over the Internet.
Help is available by phone, fax, or Email.
Help is available by scrolling down the page.
Help is available by topic or by field.
Help is available days, evenings and weekends by phone, online or in person.
Help is available during book rush.
Help is available during our normal staffed hours.
Help is available during regular library hours.
Help is available during regular office hours at no charge.
Help is available every step of the way.
Help is available everywhere.
Help is available five days a week at varying hours.
Help is available for a fee from the following software integrators.
Help is available for a fee.
Help is available for advancing searching techniques.
Help is available for all aspects of the writing process.
Help is available for all customers at any time.
Help is available for all of the different resource applications.
Help is available for all phases of the election's process.
Help is available for all the menus, dialog boxes and controls present in the dialog boxes.
Help is available for any course.
Help is available for anyone needing assistance getting on line.
Help is available for anyone with questions on completing the forms.
Help is available for at least part of that task.
Help is available for beginners with dedicated instructors.
Help is available for both end users and installers.
Help is available for both men and women.
Help is available for both middle and high school aged children.
Help is available for both novices and beginners.
Help is available for both owners and renters.
Help is available for both parents and teachers.
Help is available for both the simple and advanced searches.
Help is available for both the victim and the offender.
Help is available for both, in different measures.
Help is available for building either the quiz or the survey.
Help is available for businesses of any size that want to get into e-commerce.
Help is available for clients who have technical problems with their computers or other equipment.
Help is available for configuration.
Help is available for creating effective classroom library assignments .
Help is available for cutting and loading trees.
Help is available for disabled visitors through a 'Shopmobility' scheme.
Help is available for each area of the screen.
Help is available for each argument.
Help is available for each field by clicking on the field name to the left.
Help is available for each field.
Help is available for each form field.
Help is available for each individual tool by clicking on the purple book icon next to the tool.
Help is available for each item on the form.
Help is available for each option.
Help is available for each screen and an on-line manual provides overall details.
Help is available for every command and every step of the program.
Help is available for every major commercial software program.
Help is available for every question on the application.
Help is available for every section of the program at any time.
Help is available for families at risk of abuse.
Help is available for filing taxes, starting a small business, and teaching a child to read.
Help is available for filling it out.
Help is available for filling out the form.
Help is available for formulating queries.
Help is available for healthy families and families with problems of moderate difficulty.
Help is available for hearing problems that are permanent.
Help is available for individuals with eating disorders.
Help is available for individuals, couples and families and financial assistance is also available.
Help is available for low-income families.
Help is available for many aspects of the database.
Help is available for many people and in many ways, including support for weatherization.
Help is available for men struggling with unwanted homosexual desires.
Help is available for most people on an outpatient basis.
Help is available for new users.
Help is available for paying energy bills and weatherizing homes.
Help is available for people having problems with their job due to illness or disability.
Help is available for people whose bills have become unmanageable.
Help is available for people with doubts.
Help is available for people with mental health problems, their families and carers.
Help is available for planning projects and supporting faculty in development of applications.
Help is available for problems rising after the initial program is concluded.
Help is available for researching family geneology in the archives.
Help is available for running the animations.
Help is available for searching the card catalog and searching the online catalog .
Help is available for securing a business loan.
Help is available for smokers on successful ways to stop smoking for good.
Help is available for spaying.
Help is available for stress, study difficulties, pregnancy counselling and health promotion.
Help is available for students and families needing financial assistance to pay tuition.
Help is available for students in first and second year mathematics courses.
Help is available for students in middle school throught college.
Help is available for students needing assistance in math, reading,and English.
Help is available for students when the lab is staffed with lab monitors or technicians.
Help is available for students who are experiencing academic difficulty.
Help is available for teens who experience depression and thoughts of suicide.
Help is available for the abuser, as well.
Help is available for the adult student to negotiate and experience the best college opportunity.
Help is available for the following fields.
Help is available for the following topics.
Help is available for the object under the cursor.
Help is available for the simple search mode.
Help is available for the spouses, children and friends of problem gamblers.
Help is available for the thousands of seniors and low-income residents of our state.
Help is available for using the database search.
Help is available for using their interface.
Help is available for victims and offenders through a wide variety of resources in Colorado.
Help is available for victims and their abusers.
Help is available for women who are victims of domestic violence.
Help is available for women with problem pregnancies.
Help is available free of charge to students enrolled in Microbiology.
Help is available from a crisis or mental health center or from the police.
Help is available from a number of campus resources.
Help is available from a number of sources.
Help is available from a variety of sources.
Help is available from all mail screens.
Help is available from all members on all facets of the hobby.
Help is available from any point in both services.
Help is available from any point in the service.
Help is available from any screen.
Help is available from anyone named on the following list.
Help is available from arithmetic to calculus.
Help is available from day one - for baby, parents and carers.
Help is available from each menu and dialog box.
Help is available from each menu screen, and dialog box.
Help is available from each screen, just click on the help button.
Help is available from each screen.
Help is available from every menu, dialog box, etc.
Help is available from every page.
Help is available from every screen.
Help is available from Internet firewalls.
Help is available from many sources.
Help is available from several sources including the academic support program on each campus.
Help is available from several sources.
Help is available from teachers.
Help is available from the initial screen, and from each search screen.
Help is available from the instructor at times other than class times.
Help is available from the interface windows.
Help is available from the main menu where the rules are explained with examples as appropriate.
Help is available from the main search screen.
Help is available from the system but mostly it is given by friendly, more experienced, inhabitants.
Help is available from the technicians in the open access rooms.
Help is available from the terminal itself.
Help is available from the top menu line.
Help is available from within webspace via netscape.
Help is available here .
Help is available here, too.
Help is available here.
Help is available if desired.
Help is available if it is wanted and needed.
Help is available if necessary.
Help is available if needed.
Help is available if one is missing.
Help is available in Adobe Acrobat format.
Help is available in both languages.
Help is available in developing classes.
Help is available in English and German.
Help is available in English or Spanish.
Help is available in every window.
Help is available in exploring local job opportunities and securing housing.
Help is available in finding internships and jobs.
Help is available in finding names.
Help is available in HTML format and includes a tutorial with pictures for beginners.
Help is available in many areas.
Help is available in many forms and many places.
Help is available in many forms.
Help is available in many ways.
Help is available in many, often surprising, places.
Help is available in math, English and other specific subject matter areas.
Help is available in math, English, computer courses, and other specific subject matter areas.
Help is available in person, by phone, and online.
Help is available in person, through the web or from printed instructions.
Help is available in reading, writing, math, study skills and speech therapy.
Help is available in resume writing, interview preparation, and basic job readiness skills.
Help is available in Search Tips.
Help is available in setting up BBSs, creating special mailing lists for discussion.
Help is available in several different forms.
Help is available in several forms.
Help is available in several languages.
Help is available in skills ranging from note-taking to improving performance on tests.
Help is available in the bid request writing process.
Help is available in the Consulting area.
Help is available in the form of a mist the player can click for advice.
Help is available in the form of fellow teachers, books, and the Internet.
Help is available in the form of financial aid.
Help is available in the form of line weights, snap weights, and special lines.
Help is available in the format of workbooks, classes and personal coaching.
Help is available in the internship and co-op programs offered at area universities and colleges.
Help is available in the language of the selected program.
Help is available in the library , by phone , in classes or workshops and by e-mail .
Help is available in the library , by phone and by e-mail .
Help is available in the usual ways using the kaphelp or showme commands.
Help is available in writing papers, reports, and resumes.
Help is available Information on databases, types of searches, and help topics is available.
Help is available Many resources for helping smokers quit are available.
Help is available on a drop in basis.
Help is available on a drop-in basis.
Help is available on a limited basis.
Help is available on a variety of topics from a variety of different places.
Help is available on a walk-in basis or by appointment.
Help is available on a walk-in basis.
Help is available on almost every issue related to the disease.
Help is available on both formats.
Help is available on constructing search terms.
Help is available on each field by clicking on the button.
Help is available on each of the respective windows.
Help is available on each screen.
Help is available on each search screen.
Help is available on every turn.
Help is available on how to use the catalogue and how to understand references .
Help is available on keyword searching the catalogue or browsing through the subject headings.
Help is available on line within the map display.
Help is available on making queries .
Help is available on many fronts.
Help is available on many topics.
Help is available on request.
Help is available on small projects by mail or phone.
Help is available on the Boolean Search Help Page .
Help is available on the following topics, with more to follow.
Help is available on the following.
Help is available on the follwing topics.
Help is available on the format of expressions.
Help is available on the Manual Search Help Page .
Help is available on the possible search fields.
Help is available on the search pages.
Help is available on the search screen.
Help is available on the Web screens.
Help is available on the web, CD-ROM or via videos.
Help is available on the web.
Help is available on using the mapping system.
Help is available on using the menus.
Help is available on-line for several items, e.g. how to write scripts, minimum integration times.
Help is available online from any number of sources.
Help is available online from every screen.
Help is available online here.
Help is available on-line in Texas , Ohio , Florida , and Indiana .
Help is available on-line or through the man page .
Help is Available Online through the Help button in the toolbar.
Help is available on-line through the help menu.
Help is available on-line through the pull down help menu.
Help is available on-line while in Pine.
Help is available on-line, through the man page , or through an html document .
Help is available on-line, through the man page , or through the HTML documents pine index .
Help is available online.
Help is available on-line.
Help is available on-site or remotely using the telephone or the web.
Help is available on-site to complete the application form.
Help is available outside of class, in the math labs or from the instructor.
Help is available Providing care for an elderly loved one can be demanding and stressful.
Help is available remotely using the telephone or the web and on-site.
Help is available right away for personal problems, family conflicts, or job-related stressors.
Help is available right from the start.
Help is available right now.
Help is available there.
Help is available Three resources help to cope with the writing challenges identified above.
Help is available through a text file .
Help is available through a text file or through a dvi file .
Help is available through an html document or through the man page .
Help is available through an html manual .
Help is available through an HTML manual .
Help is available through both individual or couples therapy.
Help is available through career assessments, upgrading or retraining.
Help is available through community professionals.
Help is available through help screens and printed manuals.
Help is available through national organizations and web sites.
Help is available through numerous organizations.
Help is available through professional colleagues, family, friends, ministers, and counselors.
Help is available through the help menu at the top right of the main menu bar .
Help is available through the legal system.
Help is available through the man page , through an HTML file .
Help is available through the man page .
Help is available through the man page or through a dvi file .
Help is available through the man page or through an html document .
Help is available throughout each phase.
Help is available throughout each term and during part of each vacation.
Help is available throughout the library for students and parents.
Help is available throughout the program.
Help is available throughout, including search tips and a glossary of campaign disclosure terms.
Help is available throughout.
Help is available to aid in the understanding of test results.
Help is available to all undergraduates.
Help is available to any member asking information or advice, or just for sharing of the hobby.
Help is available to assist in correcting the errors.
Help is available to both the parents and the children caught in an abusive family.
Help is available to businesses of all sizes, and from an impressive array of sources.
Help is available to callers in Spanish and other languages.
Help is available to describe regulatory issues such as FAR requirements.
Help is available to do the laundry.
Help is available to download and configure a telnet application.
Help is available to explain the additional features.
Help is available to find the best information.
Help is available to get kids to and from practice.
Help is available to get students started with the hardware and with some basic software problems.
Help is available to heal and restore the damage.
Help is available to help for adults with special education needs.
Help is available to ID the correct drivers.
Help is available to locate materials from the library or through interlibrary loan.
Help is available to members who have questions about employee benefit plan audits.
Help is available to present new ideas and services.
Help is available to review or to develop a plan of study or to complete the entire study.
Help is available to staff in constructing their response, but few seek help.
Help is available to students of all ages.
Help is available to the left of each prompt.
Help is available to update resumes.
Help is available to users in the library at the service points listed below.
Help is available to users via telephone and email.
Help is available to women with substance use and domestic violence problems.
Help is available today.
Help is available upon request.
Help is available using buttons on the screens.
Help is available via e-mail for configuration and application questions.
Help is available via email, telephone, walk-in service and the helpdesk website.
Help is available via email.
Help is available via the 'Help' menu.
Help is available via the Internet.
Help is available when beginning, improving, or expanding a small business.
Help is available when there are problems.
Help is available which is printable in the form of a small manual.
Help is available while using the database by clicking on the question mark.
Help is available with a single keystroke at any field.
Help is available with any aspect of the writing process, reading comprehension, or study skills.
Help is available with both photography and presentation.
Help is available with the list subscriber help guide .
Help is available within the database.
Help is available within the email pages.
Help is available within the program.
Help is available within tin by typing the command 'h'.
Help is available, along with a small chat window to exchange comments with other players.
Help is available, and it's free.
Help is available, and treatment works.
Help is available, as is an advanced-search option.
Help is available, both locally and on line.
Help is available, but often it is insufficient.
Help is available, despite language differences.
Help is available, free, confidential, and only a phone call away.
Help is available, however.
Help is available, in any case.
Help is available, so be sure to take advantage of it.
Help is available, take advantage of it.
Help is available, yet too often, battered spouses are afraid to ask for it.
Help is available. . .
Help is available.
Help is Available.
Help Is Available.
Help is availible for senior citizens with insurance or hospital questions.
Help is being build now.
Help is below.
Help is books.
Help is built into the program and can be accessed easily at any time.
Help is but a phone call away.
Help is but a short distance away.
Help is by chance or appointment.
Help is close at hand.
Help is close by.
Help is confidential and free.
Help is context sensitive.
Help is context-sensitive.
Help is context-specific.
Help is continuously available in the button bar's title bar.
Help is currently under construction.
Help is definatly out there good luck.
Help is delivered by increasing the blood flow to the region.
Help is desired in deciding upon or minimizing the amount of discovery needed for the case.
Help is detailed and easy to use in HTML format.
Help is displayed for all toolbar buttons as well.
Help is divided by major topic areas.
Help is divided into three separate areas.
Help is easier for testers to test and for technical reviewers to review.
Help is easy to give.
Help is enlisted from home.
Help is everywhere.
Help is excellent, extensive and in Plain English.
Help is extended with publications, seminars and consultation.
Help is extensive but takes a bit of reading.
Help is far from complete.
Help is for navigating the current screen, or jumping topics.
Help is found under accessories.
Help is free, on a walk-in basis.
Help is free.
Help is given after interviews, counseling and appropriate assessment.
Help is given as needed to help the child spell the word correctly.
Help is given as needed to instruct the child in solving the problems.
Help is given as needed.
Help is given by advice, instruction and guiding.
Help is given for both beginner and advanced users on using SINO and the new interface.
Help is given for searching with a detailed file available.
Help is given for the window.
Help is given freely.
Help is given in effective use of resources such as grammars, lexicons, and concordances.
Help is given in filling out PAAD forms.
Help is given in finding furnished accommodation and work permit applications.
Help is given in how to discover one's skills, how to start a project, and project possibilities.
Help is given in job applications, writing letters and interview techniques.
Help is given in planning a local church missions program.
Help is given in the practical training year to place students in jobs in both the UK and overseas.
Help is given on a first come, first served basis, so be prepared to wait.
Help is given to students to manage academic and personal demands more effectively.
Help is given with basic studying skills, including English.
Help is given, on request, through pregnancy and even after birth.
Help is given.
Help is help.
Help is here .
Help is here as well.
Help is here at last.
Help is here for both ambitious gourmets and the novice looking for shortcuts.
Help is here for college-bound students and their parents.
Help is here for posting and placing bids .
Help is here for radio and television web sites.
Help is here for teenagers who are experiencing abuse and violence in their relationships .
Help is here for the asking.
Help is here with our comprehensive strengthening program.
Help is here with our newsletter.
Help is here.
Help is hot-linked and fully searchable.
Help is immediately available for all aspects of program operation.
Help is in sight.
Help is in the eye of the beholder.
Help is in the works, however.
Help is in the works.
Help is included in text and HTML formats.
Help is included in the form of HTML documents.
Help is included in the module, as well as explanations of the available parameters.
Help is included in the program.
Help is included.
Help is incomplete in the beta release.
Help is increasingly available.
Help is instantly available from anywhere in the system.
Help is is a mouse click away.
Help is just a click away .
Help is just a click away with our online help facility.
Help is just a click away.
Help is just a click-away .
Help is just a few clicks away.
Help is just a key stroke away.
Help is just a moment away.
Help is just a mouse click away, and well written.
Help is just a mouse click away.
Help is just a phone call away with telephone technical assistance.
Help is just a phone call away.
Help is Just a Phone Call Away.
Help is just a phone call or fax away.
Help is just a phone call, email, or fax away.
Help is just a phone call, fax, or e-mail away.
Help is just a postcard away.
Help is just a prayer away.
Help is just a quick toll-free phone call away.
Help is just a short time away.
Help is just a telephone call away.
Help is just a toll-free telephone call away.
Help is just a word away.
Help is just an altavista search away.
Help is just an click away.
Help is just an electronic missive away.
Help is just an email away.
Help is just an e-mail away.
Help is just an e-mail or phone call away.
Help is just an order away.
Help is just and E-mail away.
Help is just around the corner with a ton of resources.
Help is just around the corner.
Help is just around the dogleg right.
Help is just one mouse click away.
Help is key word searchable.
Help is located to the right of the Search Menu.
Help is located under Getting Help in the navigation bar on the left.
Help is located within the database.
Help is more than welcome here in the Pittsburgh section of chefmoz.
Help is most appreciated.
Help is much appreciated.
Help is much needed.
Help is near.
Help is needed .
Help is Needed .
Help is needed all day.
Help is needed and wanted especially for testing and finding possible security problems.
Help is needed at all of the alumni programs.
Help is needed at receiver.
Help is needed at the book sale.
Help is needed before, during, and after events.
Help is needed both on intern and volunteer levels.
Help is needed both working in the office and out in the field interacting with constituents.
Help is needed chalking sidewalks after the meeting.
Help is needed days, evenings and some weekends for logistical support and clerical assistance.
Help is needed each week for each visit.
Help is needed especially in summer and fall.
Help is needed fast.
Help is needed for a number of different events.
Help is needed for administrative tasks, fundraising and special events.
Help is needed for all hours of sale for setup before and clean up at the end of the sale.
Help is needed for all unit halls to create their own web page.
Help is needed for animal care.
Help is needed for both pre-production and during performances.
Help is needed for cooking, cleaning, first aid, security, etc.
Help is needed for everything from greeting participants at the airport, to helping set up displays.
Help is needed for fund raising and selecting awardees.
Help is needed for fund-raising events.
Help is needed for landscaping, painting, light construction, general clean up, etc.
Help is needed for nomination and review of grant applications.
Help is needed for preparation, packing treat bags, decorating, set up and the game booths.
Help is needed for registration on the morning of the ride and for rest stops.
Help is needed for security.
Help is needed for setup and take down.
Help is needed for setup, cleanup, and registration.
Help is needed for the banquet.
Help is needed for the first and second semesters.
Help is needed for the Spring Concert at Dominican College.
Help is needed for update.
Help is needed from activists to support our legislative efforts.
Help is needed from all over, however, help is especially needed from the East Coast.
Help is needed from all ranchers and ranching organizations.
Help is needed from as many members of the community as possible.
Help is needed from informed readers to determine which name or date is the correct one.
Help is needed from management, leadership, principals, and from the directors.
Help is needed from many other aspects of the business community.
Help is needed from others in the D.C. area.
Help is needed full time or just one weekend a month.
Help is needed greeting participants, checking in teams, assisting at rest stops and serving food.
Help is needed here .
Help is needed here.
Help is needed in adopting horses or burros to forego the inevitable.
Help is needed in all areas from planning to assisting with the event.
Help is needed in all areas of production from singers and dancers to stage crew and costumers.
Help is needed in all areas of the program from construction to fundraising to office assistance.
Help is needed in all areas.
Help is needed in all grades.
Help is needed in bridging the language barrier.
Help is needed in caring for the animals and maintenance of the facilities.
Help is needed in crafts and demonstrations, entertainment and decorations.
Help is needed in creating some new games, preparation, set-up, and working the day of the fair.
Help is needed in direct services court advocacy, children's programs, and rape victim companions.
Help is needed in every area for another successful venture.
Help is needed in every state to collect data on guardrails and other roadside hazards.
Help is needed in identifying the students.
Help is needed in many areas.
Help is needed in many different areas.
Help is needed in modifying some radios.
Help is needed in obtaining more workshops and seminars.
Help is needed in obtaining views and accurate maps for different years.
Help is needed in organizing the drive, shelving and transporting the food.
Help is needed in organizing the event and committee members are still needed for the award panels.
Help is needed in organizing the picnic and various booths and events during the picnic weekend.
Help is needed in preparing the directory.
Help is needed in registering people into the convention.
Help is needed in setting up the display booths and in coordinating the event.
Help is needed in setting up, cleaning up, and facilitating the activities.
Help is needed in several locations for all three days.
Help is needed in soliciting applications and evaluating candidates.
Help is needed in some of our art classes as well.
Help is needed in the areas of data entry, vegetative surveys, banding, and net operation.
Help is needed in the areas of registration, book and tape sales and setup.
Help is needed in the computer field, in translation, and in many other areas.
Help is needed in the concession stands during football season.
Help is needed in the food and refreshment area, for the fitness walk and to help with cleanup.
Help is needed in the kitchen, working games, selling tickets, setting up and cleaning up.
Help is needed in three new Call For Assistance additions.
Help is needed in tracking the true source of the attack.
Help is needed in two ways.
Help is needed in weeding, fertilizing and pruning.
Help is needed is several areas including promotion, events, grounds, and game-day activities.
Help is needed loading the pick-up truck at the house and unloading at the moving van.
Help is needed mailing the newletter out.
Help is needed mornings and afternoons.
Help is needed now . . .
Help is needed now .
Help is needed now.
Help is needed on a daily basis in order to spend more teaching time with students.
Help is needed on a regular or an occasional basis.
Help is needed on a variety of projects.
Help is needed on a weekly basis.
Help is needed on site to clean up fire debris.
Help is needed on so many levels.
Help is needed on the hot line, at the emergency shelter, children s advocacy and outreach programs.
Help is needed on the night of the play.
Help is needed on the weekends, especially.
Help is needed on two strategic rapid responses.
Help is needed on-going.
Help is needed over the summer to water the plants around the school.
Help is needed please.
Help is needed serving groups, cleaning, and doing yard work.
Help is needed serving meals, packing food and donated food, clothing or household goods.
Help is needed serving refreshments.
Help is needed setting up and running the tests on the earthquake simulator.
Help is needed seven days a week.
Help is needed sorting donations, providing child care, and other endeavors.
Help is needed the day of the show.
Help is needed throughout the day preparing the meal, serving and cleaning up.
Help is needed to blow up balloons, hang streamers and place party favors on tables.
Help is needed to build the net pen as well as feed and care for the fish.
Help is needed to catalogue the books.
Help is needed to clean horse paddocks, mend fences, and other farm chores.
Help is needed to close the auction down and mark bids.
Help is needed to collect petitions, to distribute publicity materials, and other tasks.
Help is needed to complete scheduled work.
Help is needed to continue serving the children.
Help is needed to create the text and images that are required.
Help is needed to enter, edit and archive biographies for all counties.
Help is needed to find classmates.
Help is needed to finish the low-fat cookbook.
Help is needed to flesh out the details and put it all into action.
Help is needed to give the bug a name.
Help is needed to keep our building safe and secure.
Help is needed to keep the store stocked and contributions are always welcomed.
Help is needed to maintain the church grounds during the mowing season.
Help is needed to make bulletin boards in the school.
Help is needed to move furniture and toys when the addition is ready for occupancy.
Help is needed to organize people by appointment, collect fees, and handle photos.
Help is needed to organize runners, compile run packets and work the race day.
Help is needed to pay for remaining costs, including the national translators salaries.
Help is needed to photograph and post cats at the shelter.
Help is needed to price and shelve the books for the book sales.
Help is needed to put up and take down the decorations.
Help is needed to register therunners, give water, and other basic marathon help activities.
Help is needed to run and sail the ship.
Help is needed to sell tickets and and other set up needs as well.
Help is needed to set up and run the sale.
Help is needed to setup.
Help is needed to solicit companies for donations through letters and follow up calls.
Help is needed to sort, price and arrange sale items.
Help is needed to start the coffee brewing and to serve it to the worshippers.
Help is needed to support the carers.
Help is needed to the victims, on a short term and as long term basis.
Help is needed to trim trees, remove noxious weeds, rake up and bag leaves and to clean the beach.
Help is needed to unload the truck and store it at the pantry.
Help is needed to work in small groups to manage projects, aspects of production and marketing.
Help is needed to work on the waiting room and extended family programmes.
Help is needed today to move the goals.
Help is needed today.
Help is needed washing down the walls and sorting thru charred files.
Help is needed whenever students are available.
Help is needed wiht the planning, publicity and marketing of photos.
Help is needed with all positions to supply names and to help motivate people.
Help is needed with concessions.
Help is needed with cooking egg rolls and spaghetti.
Help is needed with costumes, refreshments, and stage and music direction.
Help is needed with everything from chefs to servers.
Help is needed with filing, special projects and a myriad of other tasks.
Help is needed with filling out applications for interested parties, etc.
Help is needed with food, clothing, outreach, and other areas of support.
Help is needed with inputting.
Help is needed with monetary donations or volunteers to work at the carnival.
Help is needed with organization, photography, writing, design, and layout.
Help is needed with phones, clerical assistance, gift distribution and gift wrapping.
Help is needed with planning, operating a game booth, setup, and cleanup.
Help is needed with preparation, presentation, and administration.
Help is needed with research, office duties and telephone work.
Help is needed with rides, food, supplies, games, etc.
Help is needed with set up, check-in, pouring wine, and clean up.
Help is needed with staffing the field events, and no experience is necessary.
Help is needed with staffing, sorting, pricing, maintenance and repair.
Help is needed with supervision, decorations, and making games.
Help is needed with the backends.
Help is needed with tutoring, projects, and other activities.
Help is needed with yard work and cleaning.
Help is needed, and found in the ancient trade of ecrivain public or public scribe.
Help is needed, please.
Help is needed.
Help is never available.
Help is never far away.
Help is never more than a phone call away.
Help is nigh.
Help is no help what so ever.
Help is no more than a phone call away.
Help is notified when something is wrong.
Help is now at hand - at least for the train engineer.
Help is now at hand for redecorating the house, cleaning the car and other home chores.
Help is now at hand.
Help is now available by request.
Help is now available daily in the Computer Lab.
Help is now available for overweight and obese children.
Help is now available simply by asking.
Help is now available.
Help is now in a separate file.
Help is now on the way to families and others struggling just to get by.
Help is now only a mouse click away.
Help is now ready to be used.
Help is offered at different levels of ability from beginner to advanced.
Help is offered in areas such as math, calculus, algebra, English, psychology, and physical science.
Help is offered in college skills such as note-taking, time management, and organization.
Help is offered in English or Spanish and to the hearing impaired.
Help is offered in resume preparation and interviewing skills.
Help is offered in several other ways,such as the providing of books, journals, and computers.
Help is offered in several ways.
Help is offered in text format.
Help is offered in the form of counseling, groups, workshops, information and referrals.
Help is offered in the form of materials, training, and follow up.
Help is offered in the form of materials, training, and follow-up.
Help is offered in the form of materials,training,and follow up.
Help is offered through individual, couple, and family counseling and support groups.
Help is offered to students requiring placements with theatre companies.
Help is offered via workshops, seminars and individual assistance if needed.
Help is offered with resume and interview preparation, duplicating and faxing.
Help is often available at the specific electronic journal site.
Help is often free of charge.
Help is often thirty minutes or more away.
Help is on hand around the clock to offer assistance.
Help is on hand locally.
Help is on hand with the digital availability of literature.
Help is On the Way L ike nature, the consulting and outsourcing industry abhors a vacuum.
Help is On the Way.
Help is one the way.
Help is on-line.
Help is only a call away.
Help is only a click away from here.
Help is only a click away.
Help is only a dial-up away.
Help is only a few keystrokes away.
Help is only a keystroke away.
Help is only a mouse click away.
Help is only a phone call away and all calls are strictly confidential.
Help is only a phone call away or literally right around the corner.
Help is only a phone call away.
Help is only a phone call or e-mail away.
Help is only a phone call or fax away.
Help is only a phone call, fax or e-mail away.
Help is only a quick call away.
Help is only a short time away.
Help is only a step away.
Help is only a telephone call away.
Help is only a toll free phone call away.
Help is only a toll-free call away.
Help is only an email away.
Help is only an invocation away, a phone call away, a meeting away.
Help is only one call away.
Help is only three numbers away.
Help is open to further educate fans and music lovers on how they can help save the world.
Help is organised by the above groups.
Help is out there for the asking.
Help is out there for victims, and methods exist to detect an abusive person in some cases.
Help is out there if they want it.
Help is out there just waiting for a telephone call.
Help is out there so that entrepreneurs can fly solo, well-prepared to succeed.
Help is out there.
Help is plentiful and available.
Help is plentiful.
Help is presented in a familiar, Web-like, interface.
Help is presented in the familiar, Web-like menu system.
Help is promised.
Help is provided a short time later.
Help is provided at each step.
Help is provided at every stage of the process.
Help is provided at the bottom of the screen.
Help is provided by certified teachers and paraprofessionals.
Help is provided by clicking on 'Help' within each on-line database application.
Help is provided by faculty members and upper-level students. .
Help is provided by faculty members and upper-level students.
Help is provided by OhioLINK and accessible via the database.
Help is provided by two assistants and a mess advisory board, which larger detachments have.
Help is provided directly from the respective pages and forms.
Help is provided for all codes where data is captured.
Help is provided for authors writing in English as a second language.
Help is provided for browsing our Web site.
Help is provided for every input item and the manuals are excellent.
Help is provided for members of the system only.
Help is provided for searching each field.
Help is provided for solving problems.
Help is provided free of charge.
Help is provided from each screen.
Help is provided from the conference whenever requested.
Help is provided in a link after the title to tell how to find the journal within the database.
Help is provided in a variety of ways.
Help is provided in both residential and community supportive services.
Help is provided in checking on welfare of family members in a disaster-affected area.
Help is provided in either English or Spanish.
Help is provided in finding sponsorship for tours and tournaments.
Help is provided in picking appropriate clothes.
Help is provided in planning, financial analysis, marketing, management, etc.
Help is provided in the areas of proposal and grant finding, writing, and evaluation.
Help is provided in the database.
Help is provided in the form of meals and needed visits of all kinds.
Help is provided in the program by clicking on a life preserver icon.
Help is provided on an individual basis or through workshops.
Help is provided on how to use the information to do formal research.
Help is provided on searching the net for related resources.
Help is provided through an on screen abacus.
Help is provided through outreach volunteers and mutual help groups.
Help is provided to aid in the research of relevant and authoritative Internet information.
Help is provided to embark with an electric wheelchair.
Help is provided to employees with child and eldercare concerns.
Help is provided to start a support group.
Help is provided via phone, fax, and e-mail.
Help is provided with capital costs.
Help is provided with grammar and vocabulary and with comprehension of the text.
Help is provided with homework, assignments and study.
Help is provided without regard to race, religion, age, sex, or national origin.
Help is provided.
Help is put into a separate file with the same name but with the suffix .man.
Help is quick at hand.
Help is quite welcome.
Help is rather hard to get.
Help is readily available .
Help is readily available for both parties in abusive relationships.
Help is readily available from any screen.
Help is readily available from therapists, personal career coaches, fitness trainers, and chefs.
Help is readily available through various sources.
Help is readily available.
Help is really just a phone call away.
Help is requested for other languages.
Help is requested with a turn of the century herb garden.
Help is requested.
Help is required in stuffing envelopes.
Help is required.
Help is right around the corner.
Help is right here.
Help is sent, if necessary.
Help is shown here.
Help is skimpy.
Help is slow and limited.
Help is slow, so be patient.
Help is solicited yearly from department chairs, but none is given.
Help is sometimes available to avoid utility cut-off.
Help is sometimes hard to find.
Help is sought from the blind soothsayer Teiresias.
Help is sponsor specific and field specific.
Help is still as close as a telephone call.
Help is still available, but service is slower.
Help is still on the way.
Help is such a better term to use rather than discipline.
Help is supplied is a standard format.
Help is the command to get an overview of the capabilities.
Help is the place to go.
Help is there anytime of the day.
Help is there for the companies that search for it.
Help is there in the form of many signs and messages.
Help is there, just ask for it.
Help is there.
Help is to hand.
Help is unavailable when it is needed.
Help is underway.
Help is usually a phone call away.
Help is valued in the garden and with fund raising.
Help is very appreciated.
Help is very much needed setting up and packing away before and after the gathering.
Help is very welcome.
Help is vital because of the wide range of abilities and features in search engines.
Help is welcome, notably in translation.
Help is welcome.
Help is welcomed.
Help is what's needed by everyone.
Help is within a click s reach.
Help is within reach.
Help is, as ever, too long in coming.
Help lists new indexes for subject authority records.
Help menu A comprehensive list of all the menu items in the program and their function.
HELP menus within the computer or program.
Help needed around the country Volunteer help is needed in several parts of the country.
Help needs to be called immediately.
HELP now has a no-kill shelter.
Help now includes state-specific release notes.
Help plan a job-hunting campaign.
Help plan a missions event.
Help plan a pizza party or picnic.
Help plan a voyage to another planet or the moon and explain the mission to the public.
Help plan the annual COOL conference or support other programmatic initiatives.
Help plan the build-out of the facility.
Help plan the family menu for a week.
Help plan the fight for our public schools.
Help plan the layout.
Help plan the menu.
Help plan upcoming events and earn community service hours for school.
HELP preserve the past.
Help provided by RCDG grants is key to success of such co-ops.
Help provides a fairly complete reference document for the program.
Help provides access to the help information screens.
Help provides answers and solutions to most common user problems.
Help provides contextual help with various pages.
Help provides explanations and information to aid USAS users.
Help provides following menu items.
Help provides help on using the messaging system.
Help provides information about the dialog.
Help provides numerous color screen shots with hyperlinks to related videos.
Help provides online instructions.
Help remains available, of course, for anyone who wants to shed pounds.
Help requires access to the Internet and a web browser.
Help requires Internet connection.
HELP save one of our last urban greenspaces.
Help says to uninstall and reinstall the devices.
Help shed light on the development of race and gender stereotypes.
Help starts here for thirty-six common, critical concerns.
Help starts with professional diagnosis and a treatment program.
Help still needs to be improved, though.
HELP support better diets.
Help works much like a web browser.
Help works the same way, though it has many added features.
Helps accelerate healing of injuries.
Helps acclimatize fish to new surroundings.
Helps account for pattern of glacial advances and retreats.
Helps achieve maximum sporting performance.
Helps achieve the element of independence.
Helps achieve TRP goals.
Helps acquire wisdom and truth.
Helps actualize personal power on the physical plane.
Helps aleve sinusitis, fatigue, and flu symptoms.
Helps alleviate aches, pains, rheumatism and arthritis while detoxifying muscles.
Helps alleviate certain skin complaints.
Helps alleviate chronic constipation.
Helps alleviate dry skin and associated flaking skin.
Helps alleviate eczema and dermatitis through utilization of proteins.
Helps alleviate emphysema and asthma.
Helps alleviate fatigue and increase energy.
Helps alleviate involuntary modem hang-ups.
Helps alleviate low back pain.
Helps alleviate nervousness, irritability, depression.
Helps alleviate occasional constipation.
Helps alleviate pain and stress.
Helps alleviate tension headaches and insomnia.
Helps ameliorate job dislocations and changing economic conditions in Oregon's rural communities.
Helps answer many questions posed by non-attenders.
Helps answer whether osteomyelitis.
Helps approve plans and sits in during the president's absence.
Helps are available all over the screen.
Helps are available with regard to creating, posting and replying to a topic.
Helps arrest hair fall.
Helps assess blood loss, bone-marrow response to anemia and treatment for anemia.
Helps assess employee attitudes about their work and the culture of the organization.
Helps assess fetal development and placental function.
Helps assess respiratory status.
Helps assess the potential of new business ideas.
Helps assimilate b-complex vitamins to increase muscular structure.
Helps assimilate ideas and making changes.
Helps assist the immune system.
Helps assist with micorforms readers.
Helps assure accurate quality documents.
Helps assure accurate, quality documents.
Helps assure independence and integration into the community.
Helps assure long, maintenance-free life.
Helps attract additional businesses and services to support the tourist industry.
Helps attract and keep quality employees.
Helps attract and retain a stable work force.
Helps attract and retain better qualified employees.
Helps attract and retain employees by providing flexible life insurance options.
Helps attract and retain employees.
Helps attract students, especially minorities, to careers in medicine, nursing and allied health.
Helps avail the service of trained citizens for projects like census and citizen identity.
Helps avoid annoying jams and wrap-arounds.
Helps avoid common vitamin E deficiency.
Helps avoid damaging components due to static electricity.
Helps avoid die-off pollution.
Helps avoid foaming and boiling.
Helps avoid having to clean spills.
Helps avoid injury and burnout.
Helps avoid nutritional anemia.
Helps avoid providing duplicate services.
Helps avoid razor rash.
Helps avoid split endsand improves damaged hair especially when used with hair laser machines.
Helps avoid sunburned neck.
Helps avoid teacher and room conflicts.
Helps avoid theft of items in boat-out of sight, out of mind.
Helps avoid unintended repeats.
Helps avoid unnecessary travel and stays in hotels.
Helps bass response.
Helps begin the process of career exploration.
Helps blend physical and spiritual love.
Helps block out visible blue light, one of the major causes of light-induced damage to the eyes.
Helps boost energy and is touted to improve heart disorders, gout, nervousness and fatigue.
Helps boost energy and maintain healthy growth.
Helps boost energy levels, and is also good as an anti-oxidant.
Helps boost energy levels.
Helps boost metabolism.
Helps breakdown toxic build ups of sulfites in the body.
Helps bring a sense of closure.
Helps bring about weight loss.
Helps bring back male sexual energy and potency.
Helps bring birds into breeding condition.
Helps bring flexibility into one's life.
Helps bring forth courage and optimism.
Helps bring models to life for instructors and students .
Helps bring order out of what is often a chaotic area.
Helps bring order to cluttered sales regions.
Helps bring out definition in the shoulders and works the side and rear deltoid heads together.
Helps bring protein to where it is needed.
Helps bring relief from the misery of arthritis.
Helps bring technology services to all aspects of on-campus life to serve people with disabilities.
Helps bring the action close up from far away.
Helps bring the colon back to life.
Helps bring the issue to life in a way that present-day students can understand.
Helps bring the leading environmental groups together.
Helps bring well-known scientists to campus to speak on how science and religion interrelate.
Helps build a deep, intense tan.
Helps build a foundation for life in experiences, relationships, and memories on which to build.
Helps build a healthy adult ego.
Helps build a medical vocabulary.
Helps build a sound theoretical foundation for practice.
Helps build and expand brand name.
Helps build and maintain bones and teeth.
Helps build and maintain bowel regularity.
Helps build and maintain healthy bones, muscles and joints.
Helps build and maintain healthy bones, muscles, and joints.
Helps build and maintain strong, dense bones.
Helps build auto-immune system against diseases.
Helps build bar support, recruit lawyer volunteers, attract corporate hosts.
Helps build bones.
Helps build career skills.
Helps build cells.
Helps build communities by developing creative partnerships between business and the arts.
Helps build community and school spirit while developing respect for other cultures.
Helps build community.
Helps build computer competence and confidence.
Helps build confidence.
Helps build credibility within the scientific community.
Helps build effective partnerships between parents and professionals.
Helps build endurance, fitness, and raise overall energy levels.
Helps build financial security and can provide lifetime, monthly retirement income.
Helps build genetic material.
Helps build healthy bones and muscles.
Helps build important tracklaying and map making skills.
Helps build inner strength, physical vitality and inner harmony.
Helps build Jewish identity.
Helps build knowledge of science concepts and expand thinking skills.
Helps build lean body mass.
Helps build listening skills founded on a knowledge of a basic music vocabulary.
Helps build morale, motivation, confidence, teamwork and self esteem.
Helps build muscle tone, strength, flexibility and stamina.
Helps build muscle.
Helps build new schools and support school activities in third world countries.
Helps build new skin by providing a rich environment of nutrients that promote skin vitality.
Helps build patient tolerance for permanent socket.
Helps build reading comprehension skills.
Helps build reciprocal links.
Helps build registration in new areas.
Helps build relationships with fellow classmates and psychology faculty.
Helps build resistance to disease.
Helps build safer , less violent neighborhoods.
Helps build school spirit and pride.
Helps build strong bones and strengthens immune system.
Helps build strong bones and teeth.
Helps build strong families today so they can weather the storms of tomorrow.
Helps build strong teeth and bones by aiding in the absorption of calcium.
Helps build stronger relationships by explaining how different personalities communicate.
Helps build the body s resistance to allergies.
Helps build the CSS volunteer base.
Helps build the immune system.
Helps build the self confidence of the mentee.
Helps build thinking ability in numerous learning and work situations.
Helps build time-telling skills and develop mapping and direction skill.
Helps build unity and provides assistance at major events.
Helps build up the immune system.
Helps build up the supply of large white blood cells.
Helps build youths' self-esteem.
Helps burn excess fat without dieting or exercise.
Helps burn fat and kick starts the digestive system.
Helps burn fat without burning vital muscle tissue.
Helps burn fat, preserve lean muscle tissue, and suppress appetite.
Helps burn fat.
Helps burning of fat, therefore helps to lose weight.
Helps burning of fat, therefore, helps to lose weight.
Helps calculate cost of hiring, training, trunover, benefits and similar personnel actions.
Helps calculate heart contractions.
Helps calm the irritated, fretful or nervous person.
Helps calm the mind and soothe muscle tension.
Helps capture fast action by favoring fast shutter speeds.
Helps care for the victim's children and household needs.
Helps carry carbon dioxide to the lungs.
Helps carry medicines to the proper places in the body.
Helps circulate oxygen throughout body.
Helps circulate oxygen throughout the body.
Helps clean a dirty aquarium.
Helps clean away residue while it softens and soothes parched, overexposed skin.
Helps clean the air.
Helps clean the holding tank walls and drain lines.
Helps clean up kitchen.
Helps clean up the toughest odors.
Helps cleanse away hardened encrustations of old fecal matter.
Helps cleanse the blood stream.
Helps cleanse the blood.
Helps clearify and repel rain on motorcycle windshields.
Helps compare option packages from multiple companies.
Helps compensate for poorly fitting saddles.
Helps compensate for uneven wall thickness or part configuration.
Helps compensate for weakened grip or diminished coordination.
Helps compensate in part, for the lack of exercise in restricting injuries.
Helps complete the country's top freshman backcort.
Helps conduct information analysis to determine proper information flow.
Helps confirm diagnosis and follow-up evaluation of glaucoma.
Helps connect buyers and sellers of utility equipment and material.
Helps connect children and adults to mental health services in Hamilton County.
Helps connect with experts from archaeology to zoology.
Helps conserve battery power, especially while downloading images.
Helps conserve energy and reduce regional air pollution.
Helps conserve energy.
Helps contain lead poisoning.
Helps continue leadership success by gaining staff support.
Helps contribute to fat and cholesterol homeostasis.
Helps convert the amino acid tryptophan into niacin.
Helps coordinate and implement computer, publications, and media projects.
Helps coordinate connection process with users.
Helps coordinate cultural programming on campus.
Helps coordinate documentation layout and organization.
Helps coordinate gathering of information from chapters, committees, and conference events.
Helps coordinate inspections.
Helps coordinate newsletter distribution and a student scholarship contest.
Helps coordinate on-campus programming and student services for international students.
Helps coordinate patient flow through the department.
Helps coordinate program operations with other state agencies.
Helps coordinate statistical data and reports.
Helps coordinate the edit by working with the editor and relaying information from other producers.
Helps coordinate the services of other agencies.
Helps cope with personal problems that affect emotional growth.
Helps cover co-payment for other plans.
Helps cover some work related expenses.
Helps create a balanced eco-system.
Helps create a conscious connection between the physical and spiritual realms.
Helps create a feeling of fullness.
Helps create a healthy pond by actively consuming sludge.
Helps create a more intuitive understanding of the concepts discussed.
Helps create a more natural looking environment.
Helps create a more secure bond and safe forms of intimacy between partners.
Helps create a positive attitude about life.
Helps create a special bond between parents and children.
Helps create a sustained positive sense of well-being.
Helps create and communicate a vision for the user.
Helps create and maintain a proper environment for library usage.
Helps create and maintain safer, more healthful conditions in Guam's workplaces.
Helps create balance between the mind and body.
Helps create balance between the mind and the body.
Helps create clean skin using vegetable iron.
Helps create employment in poor communities in South Africa through development assistance.
Helps create energy from food and promotes proper metabolism of carbohydrates in the body.
Helps create energy from food by promoting the proper metabolism of carbohydrates in the body.
Helps create fishing pool events in which relationships are built within the community.
Helps create harmony out of chaos, and supports one in recovering from emotional trauma.
Helps create involvement and ownership in the plan.
Helps create layout of park, assigns BBQ team areas, and maintains map integrity.
Helps create libraries.
Helps create local committees that develop renewable energy programs in their community.
Helps create much needed humidity for the proper care of all tropical reptiles and amphibians.
Helps create one-pointed determination and mental focus.
Helps create order out of chaos.
Helps create safer schools for gay and lesbian youth and children of gays and lesbians.
Helps create subtle or dramatic changes in style.
Helps create the community around the church.
Helps create the sports calendar.
Helps create tools that expand the administrative and instructional use of technology.
Helps create value references in euro.
Helps create, fund, and build early stage companies.
Helps curb nite time snacking.
Helps decide whether to attend Too restrictive.
Helps decrease stretch marks.
Helps defend against burglaries, vandalism, terrorism and natural disasters.
Helps defend against injuries and sprains.
Helps defend body against disease.
Helps defer the cost of wages.
Helps define and instruct others in writing styles.
Helps define application functional requirements and technical specifications.
Helps define gender-based violence and how it connects to school violence.
Helps define log sort specifications within a dynamic market.
Helps define safety distance.
Helps define some of the words girls are using.
Helps deliver cleaner air for up to six workers.
Helps demonstrate techniques to the class.
Helps demonstrate truth of conspiracy theories to complacent populace.
Helps demystefy the arts, science, humanities and technology.
Helps demystify legal terminology.
Helps demystify scientific, technical, or other specialized topics.
Helps destroy invading bacteria.
Helps detect abnormal fibrinolytic states.
Helps detect and assess increased pressure inside the brain, bleeding and infections.
Helps detect and differentiate between varying forms of liver disease.
Helps detect and evaluate narrowing of carotid arteries.
Helps detect diseases unrelated to kidney disorders.
Helps detect empty parameters and fall back to default values.
Helps detect kidney impairment.
Helps detect magic objects, which are then highlighted in blue.
Helps detect motility disorders.
Helps detect pernicious anemia.
Helps detect splenic cysts and infection beneath the diaphragm.
Helps deter fraud and improves customer service by verifying delivery status of shipments.
Helps deter theft and vandalism even if there are no cameras present.
Helps deter white butterflies.
Helps determine appropriate therapy for pericardial effusion.
Helps determine business hours.
Helps determine cause of amenorrhea and abnormally high estrogen levels in women.
Helps determine cause of bladder problems.
Helps determine cause of lactic acidosis.
Helps determine cause of premature sexual development.
Helps determine cause of severe ulcer disease of the stomach or small intestine.
Helps determine cause of underdeveloped sexual organs.
Helps determine cause of unexplained blood in urine or difficulty urinating.
Helps determine drug dependence and progress of detoxification.
Helps determine exposure of non-target organisms.
Helps determine how much money to put down on a vehicle.
Helps determine how much pesticide is present in the environment over time.
Helps determine if a library holds a specific journal issue.
Helps determine if a treatment is successful.
Helps determine if existing training is relevant.
Helps determine potential for consumer products.
Helps determine time of ovulation and fertility.
Helps determine type of structure or environmental needed.
Helps detoxify and remove waste material from the body.
Helps develop advertising copy for brochures, ads, and other promotional pieces.
Helps develop batting form and technique.
Helps develop body and social awareness.
Helps develop coping skills in adults who have severe behaviors.
Helps develop counting, picture and colour matching skills.
Helps develop creativity, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills.
Helps develop fine motor skills while children lace the cute wooden shoes.
Helps develop finger dexterity for all ages.
Helps develop funding sources and other methods of revenue generation.
Helps develop grant writing and scientific communication skills.
Helps develop letter recognition, scanning, form constancy and writing skills.
Helps develop life skills.
Helps develop long-term strategic plans and annual program work plans.
Helps develop manpower budget requirements and resource allocations to support mission requirements.
Helps develop motor skills and concentration while children have fun at the same time.
Helps develop motor skills and hand-eye coordination.
Helps develop motor skills as they try to hit the characters as they move from hole to hole.
Helps develop other printed and electronic communications materials.
Helps develop planning and sorting skills while stimulating a child's creativity.
Helps develop policy, initiatives and the allocation and monitoring of materials budgets.
Helps develop recruitment materials for outreach.
Helps develop reflexes and hand-eye coordination while teaching how to properly finish routes.
Helps develop skill and coordination.
Helps develop the habit and discipline of meditation.
Helps develop varying technology projects, creates documentation, and trains staff and customers.
Helps develop weaponeering methodologies.
Helps develop weaponeering solutions.
Helps differentiate between heart damage and liver damage.
Helps differentiate between non- cancerous breast disease and breast cancer.
Helps differentiate between non-cancerous breast disease and breast cancer.
Helps differentiate between obstruction of bile ducts and acute liver-cell damage.
Helps discuss bio-diversity and the role of forest destruction in global warming.
Helps dispel myths while emphasizing appropriate behavior.
Helps display ideas and relationships within a single framework.
Helps disseminate information, including fact sheets, news releases, photographs, etc.
Helps dissolve ear wax and remove foreign debris.
Helps dissolve excess wax and debris for ears removal.
Helps dissolve existing scale and helps prevent new scale from forming.
Helps dissolve grief over the illusion of love lost.
Helps dissolve plaque.
Helps dissolve uric slats, mineral deposits, and water scale.
Helps distinguish between different types of anemia.
Helps distinguish between fast and full saved files.
Helps distinguish between iron-deficiency anemia and anemia caused by chronic disease.
Helps distinguish between malignant and benign growths.
Helps distinguish between myocardial and hepatic-tissue damage.
Helps drafting students understand properties of designs and materials.
Helps drain excessive water.
Helps dry mucous and improve digestion.
Helps ease muscle aches and pains.
Helps educate consumers to moderate and appropriately pace their drinking.
Helps educate parents on TV rating systems and more.
Helps educate people who are deaf through books, seminars and personal instruction.
Helps elevate the immune system.
Helps eliminate a persons static electricity by simply touching prior to using electronic equipment.
Helps eliminate after-tanning odor.
Helps eliminate algae blooms.
Helps eliminate back, shoulder, leg and arm strain by elevating the lap.
Helps eliminate bacteria, odor and insects, and cuts veterinary bills.
Helps eliminate blistering, bubbles, and mottling.
Helps eliminate bubbles and mottling.
Helps eliminate call backs and labor costs.
Helps eliminate cat dander while cleaning, conditioning and detangling.
Helps eliminate chlorine taste and odor.
Helps eliminate cold down drafts.
Helps eliminate confusion.
Helps eliminate constipation and hemorrhoids.
Helps eliminate damage to fragile, wet hair when used after shampoo or swim.
Helps eliminate dry coat.
Helps eliminate dry start wear, the main cause of engine metal loss.
Helps eliminate dryness, hot spots, and skin irritations due to flea and tick problems.
Helps eliminate excess water and cleanse the system.
Helps eliminate fog and moisture build-up.
Helps eliminate fogging of the windows.
Helps eliminate fogging of windows.
Helps eliminate frizzies and flyaways.
Helps eliminate frustrations and arguments during the game.
Helps eliminate heat build-up, smoke, and cooking odors.
Helps eliminate heavy lifting and back strain.
Helps eliminate hopping back and forth from Illustrator.
Helps eliminate indigestion, gas and bloating, while promoting total colon health.
Helps eliminate input errors.
Helps eliminate labor time and call backs.
Helps eliminate loss of valuable product.
Helps eliminate lost tools under the hood.
Helps eliminate morning breath when used with mouthwash.
Helps eliminate morning headaches.
Helps eliminate most of the labor hours and the frustration associated with loading UPCs.
Helps eliminate muscle fatigue and tension after exercise .
Helps eliminate muscle spasms.
Helps eliminate odors through the oxidation of volatile sulfur compounds.
Helps eliminate odors.
Helps eliminate oral odors through oxidation and leaves a fresh, pleasant taste.
Helps eliminate overfeeding and burning.
Helps eliminate parasites and candida.
Helps eliminate pathogenic organisms.
Helps eliminate plastic from sticking to screened panels.
Helps eliminate potential mistakes when transferring English text to nautical charts.
Helps eliminate problems with ingrown nails and other nail irregularities.
Helps eliminate putrecative and toxic factors.
Helps eliminate retained water, relieve urinary and bowel problems.
Helps eliminate rocking when brake is applied.
Helps eliminate rough and hard skin on the feet.
Helps eliminate safety hazards.
Helps eliminate sensitivity to milk allergies.
Helps eliminate shock when plants are transplanted.
Helps eliminate spelling errors from records, reports and layouts.
Helps eliminate spin-burn damage to allow precise harvest speed .
Helps eliminate spin-burn damage to allow precise harvest speed.
Helps eliminate stains.
Helps eliminate static, fly-aways and tangles.
Helps eliminate strain on hands.
Helps eliminate stuffiness and prevent sinus infection.
Helps eliminate tangles and matting.
Helps eliminate the hassle of motorists blocking off access lift.
Helps eliminate the phobia about math.
Helps eliminate the wrong type of cramming.
Helps eliminate time consuming clean up of oily, watery messes.
Helps eliminate toxins and other wastes from the body.
Helps eliminate unintended unlocking.
Helps eliminate vibration and manifold leaks.
Helps eliminate waste matter.
Helps eliminate water spots and streaking.
Helps encourage acting responsible toward other beings.
Helps end dry brittle hair burning eyes and flaky skin.
Helps end hunger near and far.
Helps enjoy the season and makes a great gift.
Helps ensure accurate data entry.
Helps ensure complete combustion to lower fuel costs.
Helps ensure complete, accurate addresses.
Helps ensure compliance with changing payroll regulations.
Helps ensure consistency and accuracy with a customized depth adjuster.
Helps ensure easy starts and consistent low-speed running.
Helps ensure equitable treatment of employees because appraisals are based on results.
Helps ensure high availability by using redundant, hot-swappable components See also . . .
Helps ensure institutional continuity.
Helps ensure long-term financial security for key employees and their families who participate.
Helps ensure payroll tax withholding compliance with tax table updates.
Helps ensure repeatable cycles, minimize product loss, and maximize throughput with optimum quality.
Helps ensure safe and efficient management of U.S. waterways.
Helps ensure secure child seat installation.
Helps ensure users never run out of soap.
Helps equalize, protect and moisturize.
Helps estimate fetal age.
Helps evaluate attitudes that can improve employee productivity.
Helps evaluate care facilities and services.
Helps evaluate respiratory function.
Helps evaluate suspected kidney and adrenal-gland disorders.
Helps evaluate usefulness of medication to treat heartbeat irregularities.
Helps examine the client s thinking by pointing to illogical thoughts and thinking processes.
Helps execute, monitor, and debug business processes.
Helps exfoliate dead skin cells.
Helps expand and enhance ones field of awareness.
Helps expand our physical and mental seeing, hearing, hair, skin.
Helps expand the markets for U.S. industry through cost-effective projects.
Helps explain methods and reasoning used in course.
Helps explain the different perspectives of the victim and the abuser.
Helps explain why the German army was so relentlessly efficient in battle.
Helps explore career options and majors.
Helps extend heat treatment for added therapeutic benefit.
Helps familiarize children with letters and words.
Helps ferment low gravity worts and meads.
Helps fight against male pattern baldness.
Helps fight and prevent the formation of free radicals.
Helps fight cellulite.
Helps fight fatigue, accelerates healing and growth.
Helps fight fatigue.
Helps fight infection both topically and orally.
Helps fight infection.
Helps fight infections and speeds healing.
Helps fight infections and supports the thymus, spleen and lymphatic system.
Helps fight infections, heals and clears eyesight, and balances the metabolism.
Helps fight kidney stones.
Helps find answers to questions about cancer, and helps identify the questions to ask.
Helps find direction for the upcoming year.
Helps find dragonballs quicker.
Helps find dragonballs.
Helps find expert sources.
Helps find items simply by entering a name associated with the case.
Helps find jobs while offering material and spiritual support.
Helps find lodging and boarding in schools in India.
Helps find missing class mates.
Helps find opponents and maintains personal, local and global statistics.
Helps find overnight shelters for children.
Helps find sites for school project help,education and entertainment.
Helps find solutions for personal and academic concerns.
Helps find solutions to critical needs of children.
Helps find the exact location of stains and odor sources.
Helps find the ideal setting for a fun and fulfilling retirement.
Helps find the pictures and plan the chart.
Helps find the soul mate.
Helps focus all parts of the organization on meeting key goals.
Helps form many hormones.
Helps form the protein collagen.
Helps formulate fiscal policy for managed weapon systems.
Helps generate a lot of activity on a web site.
Helps generate business and close sales, produces new leads and can reward top employees.
Helps generate documentation for the Web.
Helps generate ideas and better writing.
Helps generate public responses when needed.
Helps generate rush referrals to the active chapter.
Helps generate timing for traffic operations with downloaded real-time traffic data.
Helps generate traffic and earn quick cash.
Helps get certain pests which have natural oils and coverings which make treatment difficult.
Helps get clothes cleaner and brighter.
Helps get materials ready for lending to other libraries.
Helps get new bands contracts and record deals.
Helps get oxygen past the blood brain barrier.
Helps get the gray matter going.
Helps get the notchiness out of the pull.
Helps get to good detail of explanation.
Helps give a firm foundation for our English vocabulary.
Helps give a full feeling.
Helps give a nice change of scenery for the patients.
Helps give control on the dance floor.
Helps give encouragement through monthly telephone or personal contacts with the leader.
Helps give good tone to the skin.
Helps give greater appetite control during mealtime.
Helps give more balanced energy levels throughout the day.
Helps give the skin a firmer appearance.
Helps hide dark under-eye circles, blemishes, and skin discolorations.
Helps hide swirls and scratches.
Helps hydrate and retain moisture on the surface of the skin.
Helps identify abnormalities in the minerals that control the electrical activity of the heart.
Helps identify agents and distributors through a customized search.
Helps identify and date old photographs with data on cabinet card found nowhere else.
Helps identify and develop software solutions that meet evolving campus .
Helps identify and develop software solutions that meet evolving campus needs.
Helps identify and evaluate the business value of the project.
Helps identify and recruit prospective candidates.
Helps identify and select needed resources, e.g., facilities, materials, personnel, etc.
Helps identify appropriate loans and scholarships for the college student.
Helps identify attractive investment opportunities.
Helps identify branches and subsidiaries of individual companies.
Helps identify cause of bacterial infections in the bloodstream of newborns.
Helps identify cause of menstrual or menopausal irregularities.
Helps identify continuing education needs and coordinates continuing education events.
Helps identify desirable titles based on subject, grade level, and keyword searches.
Helps identify effects of ventricular enlargement, heart failure and disease of the heart valves.
Helps identify environmental issues on campus and develops practical solutions.
Helps identify faces to names.
Helps identify fixture houses with special capabilities.
Helps identify heart sounds.
Helps identify immediate obstacles in student's program.
Helps identify interns and volunteers.
Helps identify issues to be mediated.
Helps identify latest.
Helps identify loose ends before they become a problem.
Helps identify music and songs in the public domain.
Helps identify nephrotic syndrome.
Helps identify neuroblastoma, ganglioneuroblastoma and ganglioneuroma.
Helps identify opportunities for cross-selling and enhanced services.
Helps identify organisms by physical characteristics.
Helps identify others who are experiencing similar issues to share information and support.
Helps identify potential buyers and firms.
Helps identify problem areas and allows staff development to be relevant to needs.
Helps identify reading problems before students get caught in an endless cycle of frustration.
Helps identify search trends.
Helps identify seasonal payment patterns or varied performance during a business cycle.
Helps identify situations that call for differentially corrected position coordinates.
Helps identify social skills which are areas of strength.
Helps identify stratigraphic sequence boundaries.
Helps identify support systems and coping skills in effective leadership.
Helps identify the cause of anemia.
Helps identify true needs.
Helps identify unexplained masses or reasons for pain.
Helps identify whether a model is adequate for closed loop control.
Helps identify youth development-related needs.
Helps illustrate the principle that it costs money to hold on to property over time.
Helps indicate fertility cycle.
Helps induce restful sleep.
Helps inhibit dental plaque formation and protects gums against numerous insults.
Helps inhibit the growth of many types of algae in freshwater aquariums.
Helps instill the joy of reading at a young age.
Helps insulate ice chest keeping contents cooler longer.
Helps insulate the vessel from noise and vibration.
Helps insure accuracy by comparing present year releases against previous year's results.
Helps insure efficient use of storage space within the unit.
Helps insure optimum absorption of nutrients.
Helps insure prompt delivery.
Helps insure that pollination occurs.
Helps investigate equipment and system failures.
Helps investigate equipment downtime.
Helps keep a biological balance.
Helps keep a little perspective.
Helps keep ammonia levels within tolerable limits.
Helps keep any spa or hot tub water clear and smelling fresh.
Helps keep base cut wet, so no sap seal can form.
Helps keep belts pliable and reduce belt hardening.
Helps keep bilges dry and lasts longer than flax.
Helps keep blood from excessive stickiness or clotting.
Helps keep blood pressure and blood cholesterol within normal limits.
Helps keep bones strong, essential for blood clotting.
Helps keep bowel movements regular and smooth.
Helps keep buildings and equipment clean.
Helps keep cable lengths short.
Helps keep canaries in full song.
Helps keep cells from becoming rigid and helps soften tissue.
Helps keep children off objectionable sites.
Helps keep children out of cabinets containing dangerous or messy items.
Helps keep children out of the middle of communication between parents.
Helps keep citizens informed about political matters.
Helps keep clothes looking like new.
Helps keep communication focused.
Helps keep constant velocity.
Helps keep contaminants out of engine oil.
Helps keep cupboards and cabinets shut, blocking children from dangerous items.
Helps keep curious children, hands, and toys out of toilet.
Helps keep dark sets safe.
Helps keep decks dry and prevents crew and gear from being swept overboard.
Helps keep Discs in their place.
Helps keep dog's fur clean after grooming.
Helps keep drinkers off the road.
Helps keep drip pans and drain lines clean, clear, and odor free.
Helps keep each other warm.
Helps keep ears clean, fresh and reduces earwax buildup.
Helps keep emergency numbers organized and visible for seniors and their families.
Helps keep end-users productive through standardized policies and desktop control.
Helps keep engines clean and extend filter life.
Helps keep engines clean and operating at peak performance.
Helps keep 'er clean.
Helps keep feed supply muscles working at the peak.
Helps keep fluid away from skin, reducing skin irritation.
Helps keep food fresher for longer.
Helps keep from rubbing the hair coat.
Helps keep functional braces from migrating.
Helps keep hair and skin healthy and provides a nutritional boost to children who have been ill.
Helps keep hair and skin soft, pliable, and waterproof.
Helps keep hair straight when blow-drying.
Helps keep hands smooth and soft, too.
Helps keep hands warm in cold weather.
Helps keep interiors dry and free of moisture problems.
Helps keep it going.
Helps keep it lively.
Helps keep items from sliding sideways, prevent accidents and damage to cargo.
Helps keep kid's head still for disbudding and tattooing.
Helps keep landscapes green and healthy.
Helps keep larger animals out of guzzler, and reduces evaporation.
Helps keep leather soft and moist.
Helps keep Mississippi dollars in Mississippi.
Helps keep multiple cash drawers accurate.
Helps keep muscles working at the peak.
Helps keep nerves healthy.
Helps keep normal arteries in optimal health.
Helps keep oil in the sump where it belongs.
Helps keep opposing teeth in their proper place.
Helps keep our air, soil, and water free of toxic chemicals.
Helps keep out unexpected visitors.
Helps keep pets interested in food during time of stress or sickness.
Helps keep pieces with puzzles for years of fun.
Helps keep plants erect.
Helps keep pond filters working at maximum efficiency.
Helps keep pores free from impurities, leaving the grain of the epidermis smooth and refined.
Helps keep potentially dangerous cords out of child's reach.
Helps keep scoopable litters from sticking to the box.
Helps keep septic system trouble free.
Helps keep side windows dry in the rain.
Helps keep skin clear of new acne blemishes.
Helps keep skin in tip-top condition.
Helps keep skin, tongue, digestive tract, and nervous system healthy.
Helps keep sleeping bag bearable.
Helps keep soil in suspension, and boosts power of soaps and detergents by regeneration.
Helps keep spirits up in the middle of winter too.
Helps keep spray off the operator and passenger.
Helps keep students from sounding mechanical and predictable.
Helps keep system clean.
Helps keep teeth, gums, blood cells and our nervous system healthy.
Helps keep the basketball from bouncing into the street.
Helps keep the boat and net from becoming entangled.
Helps keep the center attractive orderly, and clean.
Helps keep the church focused on issues of peace and justice in the world.
Helps keep the cortex alert and active.
Helps keep the drinks cold, too.
Helps keep the flags straight.
Helps keep the gas down.
Helps keep the immune system in peak condition.
Helps keep the immune system strong.
Helps keep the joints in flexible condition.
Helps keep the lid on high blood pressure and strokes.
Helps keep the liver and related organs and glands in good health.
Helps keep the mineral deposit at bay.
Helps keep the nervous system balanced and promoting healthy brain function.
Helps keep the overall operating cost to participating organizations at a minimum.
Helps keep the page more current.
Helps keep the peace in community and family relations.
Helps keep the price up there.
Helps keep the rider cleaner and drier.
Helps keep the skin healthy.
Helps keep the skin soft and protected from outside elements.
Helps keep the skin soft and smooth.
Helps keep the slack out of the sheet and from snagging during a jybe.
Helps keep the spammers at bay.
Helps keep the team focused.
Helps keep the truth in mind.
Helps keep the unions out.
Helps keep the water clean and the bath full on hot days.
Helps keep the water outside instead of inside the building.
Helps keep the weapon in a safe and ready position.
Helps keep things in check.
Helps keep tissues oxygen-rich.
Helps keep tools clean and dry.
Helps keep track of children at home, in daycare and at school.
Helps keep track of important contact information.
Helps keep track of the cyber traffic.
Helps keep troubled youth in school by providing counseling, mentors and support services.
Helps keep urinals and toilet bowls clean.
Helps keep used oil contaminants from entering our food chain.
Helps keep water crystal clear.
Helps keep wind out for more efficient insulation.
Helps keep workplace free of fumes and improves kiln uniformity.
Helps kill appetite when dieting.
Helps kill viruses and bacteria.
Helps link girls with professional role models.
Helps link the earthly and spiritual.
Helps lipstick stay put.
Helps locate and recover missing persons.
Helps locate anyone with a listed phone number- individuals or businesses.
Helps locate appropriate medical services for U.S. citizens traveling abroad.
Helps locate articles on specific subjects.
Helps locate candidate adhesives for special requirements properties, description, substrates.
Helps locate foreign bodies in the eye socket or in the eye.
Helps locate foreign bodies in the eye.
Helps locate necessary tools and processes to identify troublesome trends as they develop.
Helps locate published poems in collections.
Helps log sellers understand what they are getting for the product of their labor.
Helps loosen and remove scales, while moisturing the scalp.
Helps loosen clay soils.
Helps loosen muscles in the arms, shoulders, back, chest, stomach, thighs, buttocks and calves.
Helps make abstract concepts more concrete.
Helps make client billing easier.
Helps make dog breeding easier, and safer for the dog.
Helps make filtering mail a little easier.
Helps make good cider.
Helps make hair shiny, skin soft.
Helps make initial assessments of individuals and provides ongoing assessments of their progress.
Helps make labor easier.
Helps make learning fun.
Helps make maintenance contracts profitable.
Helps make material more concrete for students.
Helps make one feel willing to communicate who they are and their point of view.
Helps make personel decisions quickly and accurately.
Helps make potty training fun.
Helps make protein kinases and other protein molecule receptors more efficent.
Helps make proteins.
Helps make qbasic programs smaller and harder to hack into.
Helps make red blood cells .
Helps make sense of topics that are complex or obscure in isolation.
Helps make soil nutrients available by natural wetting and chelation.
Helps make students aware of factors that give rise to antipathy towards members of certain groups.
Helps make sure all files in a project are using the same placed art, fonts, and custom colors.
Helps make teaching foolproof.
Helps make the most of what is there.
Helps make the roller more rigid and versatile.
Helps make vacuuming more efficient.
Helps manage all monthly board and member meetings.
Helps manage daily financial activity.
Helps manage employees for peak performance and retention.
Helps manage listings, contacts, sales, reports, CMAs, presentations, E-mail.
Helps manage stress of note-taking and keyboard typing by rejuvenating tired hands and wrists.
Helps manage the sales force.
Helps metabolize fat, protein and carbohydrates.
Helps minimize irritation or sensitivity.
Helps moisturize and strengthen.
Helps moisturize dry, cracked lips.
Helps moisturize, protect and mend split ends.
Helps monitor and manage performance e-business applications using MQSeries.
Helps monitor effectiveness of myelosuppressive drugs.
Helps monitor other joint problems.
Helps monitor privacy statements and policies.
Helps monitor progression of severe liver disease and treatment effectiveness.
Helps monitor treatment therapy and compliance.
Helps monitor visiting hours and directs visitors.
Helps motivate students and other staff to reach their highest potential.
Helps motivate students to learn by demonstrating the tangible applications of classroom lessons.
Helps negotiate a treaty for ending the Thirty Years War.
Helps negotiate alternative repayment arrangements.
Helps negotiate with building managers at cafeteria sites.
Helps neutralize and detoxify chemical pollutants.
Helps neutralize fat burning toxins and increase insulin sensitivity.
Helps normalize painful and itchy skin conditions, including certain forms of acne.
Helps operator keep same position of load or attachment during lift cycle.
Helps organize and integrate the contributions of all group members.
Helps organize and prepare clinic for next shift.
Helps organize graduate student mobility and summer schools.
Helps overcome nervousness and fear of examinations.
Helps overcome nicotine and opiate adictions.
Helps pass more assets to heirs.
Helps pay for eyeglasses and certain dental services.
Helps pay for glucose monitors, test strips, lancets, and self-management training.
Helps pay for housing costs.
Helps pay for medical services for the needy and low income.
Helps perform maintenance and repair of electrical systems and equipment.
Helps prepare agendas and programs.
Helps prepare employee properly for performance appraisal.
Helps prepare families to purchase their homes.
Helps prepare for timber sales by measuring heights, diameters, and distances of trees.
Helps prepare international students for university-level work in English.
Helps prepare minorities for a successful career in academic librarianship.
Helps prepare reports.
Helps prepare students for additional computer classes and better job marketability.
Helps prepare students for better job placement and for entering a higher level of education.
Helps prepare students to improve the quality of individual and family life.
Helps prepare students to write a journal-quality article.
Helps prepare vehicles and machines.
Helps preserve and mend the connective tissues, bones, muscles and blond vessels.
Helps prevent accidental choking and strangulation.
Helps prevent accidental electrical shock.
Helps prevent accidental knocking over or tipping of heat fixtures.
Helps prevent accidental scheduling of tournaments on one another.
Helps prevent accidents and injuries.
Helps prevent accidents before they happen.
Helps prevent air and fluid leaks.
Helps prevent algae blooms.
Helps prevent all diseases, even dreaded plague in angelfish and discus.
Helps prevent and control adult-onset diabetes by reducing body fat.
Helps prevent and control candida yeast infections.
Helps prevent and delay photoaging.
Helps prevent and heal breakouts.
Helps prevent and lower high blood pressure.
Helps prevent and reduce cancer.
Helps prevent and relieve muscle cramps.
Helps prevent and relieve the stresses that cause carpal tunnel syndrome.
Helps prevent and repair damaged joints.
Helps prevent and resolve disputes on public policy issues.
Helps prevent and temporarily protects chafed chapped, cracked or wind-burned skin.
Helps prevent and temporarily protects chafed, chapped, cracked, or wind-burned skin and lips.
Helps prevent and treat diaper rash.
Helps prevent and treat hardened frogs, contracted heels and hoof dryness.
Helps prevent and treat osteoporosis.
Helps prevent anemia.
Helps prevent apple scab if grown underneath apple trees.
Helps prevent back aches, stiff necks and sore shoulders.
Helps prevent bacterial and fungal diseases.
Helps prevent bacterial and viral infections.
Helps prevent bacterial infections.
Helps prevent baldness.
Helps prevent blemishes.
Helps prevent blisters and nicks.
Helps prevent blisters, calluses, skin abrasions and hot spots.
Helps prevent blisters, corns, calluses and other skin injuries.
Helps prevent boil-over, sticking and scorching.
Helps prevent boredom.
Helps prevent breast cancer.
Helps prevent brittle nails from splitting while softening cuticles.
Helps prevent bruising and chafing of knees and thighs.
Helps prevent bruising.
Helps prevent burnout.
Helps prevent burns and busted knuckles.
Helps prevent carbon monoxide inhalation.
Helps prevent cardiovascular diseases.
Helps prevent cataracts and corneal ulcers, and benefits vision generally.
Helps prevent cavities.
Helps prevent cellular damage by reducing free radicals.
Helps prevent children from opening kitchen cabinet doors.
Helps prevent children from scalds and burns.
Helps prevent chipping and peeling for up to two weeks.
Helps prevent chronic fatigue and allergies.
Helps prevent club loss . . . . . .
Helps prevent colon cancer by keeping the digestive tract free of toxins and heavy metals.
Helps prevent colon cancer.
Helps prevent compression of the axillary artery, vein, and brachial plexus.
Helps prevent constipation.
Helps prevent corrosion of spa equipment and surface.
Helps prevent costly dry rot.
Helps prevent costly mistakes.
Helps prevent cracking the plexiglass.
Helps prevent cracking, chipping, and peeling.
Helps prevent crepy throat and helps erase age lines.
Helps prevent curious children from playing with electrical power strip or surge protector.
Helps prevent damages from the ill effects of cigarette smoke.
Helps prevent damaging suspension component contact .
Helps prevent deformity by encouraging proper alignment of the great toe.
Helps prevent dehydration of tissue and appearance of wrinkles.
Helps prevent dehydration, muscle fatigue, heat stress and tying-up after performance or activity.
Helps prevent dehydration.
Helps prevent dehydration-induced environmental damage.
Helps prevent deposits accumulating in joints and promotes hormone health.
Helps prevent development of varicose veins, often associated with pregnancy.
Helps prevent diarrhea-related dehydration.
Helps prevent discoloration of spa water and staining of spa shell.
Helps prevent disruptions.
Helps prevent divergence and homogenize allele frequency.
Helps prevent dogs from pulling and being choked.
Helps prevent driver fatigue accidents.
Helps prevent drunkenness.
Helps prevent dry spots and use smaller amounts of water.
Helps prevent dry, rough skin.
Helps prevent dusting and spalling of concrete surfaces.
Helps prevent electrical shock.
Helps prevent e-mail spoofing.
Helps prevent excessive water absorption by imparting water resistance to the skin.
Helps prevent exhaustion.
Helps prevent eye problems.
Helps prevent fat accumulation.
Helps prevent fatigue and irritability.
Helps prevent fatigue by offering more hand positions.
Helps prevent foaming and equipment corrosion by raising level of water hardness.
Helps prevent free radical damage.
Helps prevent free radical initiated chemical reactions.
Helps prevent from split ends.
Helps prevent frozen water and sewer pipes.
Helps prevent galvanic corrosion.
Helps prevent glaucoma.
Helps prevent hardening of the arteries.
Helps prevent harmful clots from forming in the blood vessels or on mechanical heart valves.
Helps prevent headaches, dizziness, insomnia, senile dementia, and hair loss.
Helps prevent headaches.
Helps prevent health problems and depression stemming from inactivity.
Helps prevent high blood pressure.
Helps prevent hypertension.
Helps prevent hypothermia.
Helps prevent infection after ear piercing.
Helps prevent infection in cuts, scrapes, and minor burns.
Helps prevent infection.
Helps prevent infestation and moisture destroying products in open cans.
Helps prevent ingrown hairs.
Helps prevent injuries caused by excess cord like tripping, strangulation, and electrocution.
Helps prevent injuries from reaching and lifting.
Helps prevent injury to dogs with overall leg weakness.
Helps prevent injury, and two strengthens the muscles with the eccentric contraction.
Helps prevent injury.
Helps prevent introduction of viruses.
Helps prevent iron deficiency anemia and ectopic pregnancy.
Helps prevent iron-poor anemia.
Helps prevent juvenile delinquency through mentorship for school-age children.
Helps prevent kidney stones.
Helps prevent ladder sway on ladders and step ladders.
Helps prevent layers of fabric from shifting and slipping.
Helps prevent leakage and keeps surfaces dry.
Helps prevent lime and iron from accumulating on filters and moving parts and neutralizes water.
Helps prevent liver toxic overload.
Helps prevent locking of the wheels for control on slick streets, ice and snow.
Helps prevent maceration.
Helps prevent malaria when traveling to areas where it exists.
Helps prevent material build-up on pattern control disc.
Helps prevent maturity-onset diabetes and is an essential part in the management of diabetes.
Helps prevent messy spills, complements any d cor.
Helps prevent metastases of prostate cancer cells.
Helps prevent mildew, mold and musty odors.
Helps prevent moisture build-up on the telescope's front lens.
Helps prevent moisture from becoming trapped in insulation, structural wood, shingles and roof deck.
Helps prevent moisture from ever getting into buildings at attachment points.
Helps prevent moisture from reaching electrical connections.
Helps prevent more lines from forming.
Helps prevent muscle adhesions.
Helps prevent muscle rotation in the forearm while directing strain away from connective tissue.
Helps prevent muscle wasting.
Helps prevent mushing, bridging and channeling.
Helps prevent nail brittleness and splitting.
Helps prevent nervousness and lethargy.
Helps prevent nervousness, anxiety and irritability when quitting.
Helps prevent night blindness and other eye problems.
Helps prevent nightmares and dispels negativity.
Helps prevent obesity and overweight problems.
Helps prevent obesity by using calories.
Helps prevent odor-causing bacteria.
Helps prevent or lessens tissue damage seen in thermal burns and traumatic tissue injuries.
Helps prevent or soothe irritation from environmental factors or from alpha hydroxy acid products.
Helps prevent osteoporosis.
Helps prevent osteoporosis-related bone fractures.
Helps prevent ostomates with dementia interfering with their appliances.
Helps prevent other health problems too.
Helps prevent other oils from turning rancid.
Helps prevent over application.
Helps prevent overload by distributing energy throughout the system.
Helps prevent peeling and flaking due to moisture loss during UV exposure.
Helps prevent peeling and prolongs a tan.
Helps prevent people from wasting money by applying simple common sense.
Helps prevent periodontal disease and tooth decay.
Helps prevent pipes from clogging.
Helps prevent plaque build-up better.
Helps prevent pollution of Lake Michigan from river reversals.
Helps prevent potential faults occurring while in use.
Helps prevent premature wear of gun internals.
Helps prevent prostate cancer.
Helps prevent rashes.
Helps prevent rattles too.
Helps prevent redness and micro-cuts.
Helps prevent repetitive strain injury for the PC user.
Helps prevent repetitive stress injuries.
Helps prevent returned checks due to type-o's, errors and fraud.
Helps prevent rotting, mildew, drywall damage, peeling paint and warped siding.
Helps prevent rusting, pitting and corrosion.
Helps prevent salmonella outbreaks.
Helps prevent shorting or flash over when disconnected with power on.
Helps prevent shorting or flash-over when disconnected with power on.
Helps prevent sickness.
Helps prevent signs of aging.
Helps prevent skin drying.
Helps prevent skin from drying out and prematurely aging.
Helps prevent skin from stretching and leading to stretch marks.
Helps prevent skin irritations and callouses.
Helps prevent skin problems and promotes healthy nerve cells.
Helps prevent slipping and eliminates noise and scratching from long fingernails.
Helps prevent slipping, especially when wet.
Helps prevent slipping.
Helps prevent small children from turning on the gas valve.
Helps prevent soap scum build up on tiles in shower and baths.
Helps prevent soap sum build-up.
Helps prevent sore heels and knees, shin splints and heel spurs.
Helps prevent spill and splashback during fueling operations.
Helps prevent spills and splashback during fueling operations.
Helps prevent spina bifida, cleft palate and cleft lip formation.
Helps prevent split ends.
Helps prevent sprains and protects injured areas.
Helps prevent stains.
Helps prevent static and dust buildup.
Helps prevent steaming.
Helps prevent stomach ulcers.
Helps prevent stumbling in the dark and serious injuries due to falls.
Helps prevent sunburn.
Helps prevent symptoms from occurring.
Helps prevent tampering and injury.
Helps prevent tampering in addition to tracking data.
Helps prevent taping of duplicates.
Helps prevent theft of the opener from the gate, while allowing quick release of the opener.
Helps prevent theft.
Helps prevent tiny pieces of glass and glass dust from coming into contact with the skin.
Helps prevent tiredness - loss of energy.
Helps prevent tooth decay.
Helps prevent transplant shock and gives plants a fast, healthy start.
Helps prevent trauma shock in post-disaster situations.
Helps prevent tree trunk injury by mowers and line trimmers.
Helps prevent ulcers and digestive tract problems.
Helps prevent unauthorized use.
Helps prevent unfinished wood from drying, checking or cracking.
Helps prevent unwanted surprises.
Helps prevent vaginal yeast infections in women who take antibiotics or who have diabetes.
Helps prevent vulnerable adults from becoming victims and cracks down on abusers.
Helps prevent water from overheating.
Helps prevent water loss.
Helps prevent wearing a hole in the back pocket of a good pair of pants.
Helps prevent yellow leaves and uses half the amount of competing brands.
Helps prioritize and coordinate public investments in housing.
Helps procuce clear and translucent skin.
Helps produce better hatching results.
Helps produce better laying results.
Helps provide accurate exposure, composition and focus adjustments.
Helps provide certainty for projects and activities extending indefinitely into future years.
Helps provide certainty for projects and activities extending into future years.
Helps provide continuity from year to year as student leadership and personnel change.
Helps provide depth at the receiver positions.
Helps provide extra power for loading the bucket, too.
Helps provide focus and priorities .
Helps provide outstanding balance of dot and line quality for flexographic printing.
Helps quickly replace old cells with energetic new cells.
Helps raise awareness of employment-related public policy, and how it affects their jobs.
Helps raise energy levels.
Helps raise energy.
Helps raise funds for student activities and needs.
Helps raise funds to support meal delivery program.
Helps raise performance and productivity levels while meeting key human resources requirements.
Helps reach alcoholics in hospitals and treatment facilities.
Helps reader form personal philosophy, learn the technique.
Helps realize the vastness of distances between planets compared to planet sizes.
Helps rebuild cartilage, synovial fluid, collagen and proteoglycans.
Helps recognize obstacles up-front giving the driver more time to respond.
Helps recognize words, read sentences and phrases, and understand story themes.
Helps rectify unjust circumstances and teaches unconditional love.
Helps redistribute stress across the child's body in the event of an impact.
Helps reduce dusting, powdering, efflorescence, spalling, and cracking.
Helps reduce fading.
Helps reduce frequent night urination, and strengthens weak kidneys.
Helps reduce irritation and inflammation of the skin.
Helps reduce irritation.
Helps reduce travel costs.
Helps regenerate and rejuvenate the cells with vital energy.
Helps regulate antibody activity.
Helps regulate fluids.
Helps regulate heartbeat, blood clotting, muscle contraction.
Helps regulate iron storage.
Helps regulate nervous system.
Helps regulate opening and closing of stomata in leaves and water uptake by roots.
Helps regulate sebaceous gland secretion.
Helps regulate sebaceous secretion and purify the skin.
Helps relax and open up.
Helps relax muscles after contraction.
Helps relax muscles during birth.
Helps relax tense muscles, arthritis sufferer's releif.
Helps releve occasional bloating, calms discomfort, soothes digestive irregularities.
Helps relieve acne symptoms and disinfecting wounds.
Helps relieve and heal even the most damaged skin.
Helps relieve arch, ankle, leg and back pain.
Helps relieve arthritic aches and pains.
Helps relieve arthritic and inflammation conditions, pulled muscles and sprains.
Helps relieve arthritis, headaches, muscle spasms and sciatica.
Helps relieve back pain, neck pain, painful joints, aching knees and shoulder pain.
Helps relieve chronic pain.
Helps relieve cold and flu symptoms and helps prevent bloody noses, chapped lips, and cracked skin.
Helps relieve congestion from colds and sinus problems, and acts as an antibiotic.
Helps relieve coughing and nervous tension.
Helps relieve coughs, colds and bronchitis.
Helps relieve coughs, colds, fevers.
Helps relieve dryness and inflammation.
Helps relieve expensive site acquisitions fees.
Helps relieve fatigue and discomfort from prolonged sitting.
Helps relieve fatigue, calming, warming, promotes restful sleep.
Helps relieve fatigue, improves mental clarity.
Helps relieve hemorrhoids.
Helps relieve indigestion and dyspepsia.
Helps relieve indigestion, gas pains and diarrhea.
Helps relieve irritation, burning and itching caused by the use of the clarifying products.
Helps relieve itching and pain.
Helps relieve joint pain and swelling.
Helps relieve knee pain symptoms.
Helps relieve mental fatigue, brings alertness.
Helps relieve migraine headache and other nerve pain problems.
Helps relieve minor stiffness, soreness and inflammation.
Helps relieve pain due to arthritis, chronic joint inflammation, muscle strain, or stiffness.
Helps relieve pain in wrist area.
Helps relieve pressure on back, kidneys, bladder and major arteries.
Helps relieve sinus congestion.
Helps relieve sinus pressure.
Helps relieve stress and recover from emotional trauma and shocks.
Helps relieve stress by releasing energy blockages in the vital points of the hands and feet.
Helps relieve stress, reduce anxiety, promote healthy sleep.
Helps relieve stress, reduce anxiety, reverse insomnia.
Helps relieve stress.
Helps relieve student speech anxiety.
Helps relieve sunburn and windburn.
Helps relieve swelling from insect bites.
Helps relieve tense muscles and neck and back pain.
Helps relieve tension headaches, neck discomfort and snoring.
Helps relieve the buttocks from hours of sitting pressure.
Helps relieve the tight feeling associated with extremely dry skin.
Helps relive nervous exhaustion, fatigue, aches and pains.
Helps remember the lessons of the past without being bound by old concepts.
Helps remove closet bolts by exerting upward pressure on the toilet during removal of the nuts.
Helps replace air vented by exhaust fans, fireplaces, ect.
Helps resist fogging on lenses during rapid temperature changes.
Helps resist infection and aids in healing wounds.
Helps restore and maintain regularity and relieve constipation.
Helps restore and maintain regularity without chemical stimulants.
Helps restore and maintain the natural bite.
Helps restore and revitalize skin, supports healing of skin injuries.
Helps restore body's internal organs to normal function.
Helps restore color to gray hair.
Helps restore contours in the underarm area and obscure difficult scars after partial surgery.
Helps restore elasticity and protects rubber from constant wear.
Helps restore energy level, fight off fatigue and impotence.
Helps restore female fertility.
Helps restore flexibility to arteries.
Helps restore hormonal balance and relieve menstrual problems.
Helps restore intestinal flora after antibiotic use.
Helps restore lost engine performance and reduces operating costs.
Helps restore male potency.
Helps restore membranes to their natural moistness.
Helps restore moisture and improve manageability.
Helps restore natural contours and obscure post-op scarring.
Helps restore new energy to the vital organs, as well as the entire body.
Helps restore normal acid balance for optimum urinary system functioning.
Helps restore original color and luster to coat.
Helps restore pH balance.
Helps restore skin elasticity and firmness.
Helps restore speaking voice after surgery on larynx or in mouth.
Helps restore strength and dexterity.
Helps restore strength and vigor.
Helps restore the skin to a normal non-reactive state.
Helps restore the Willamette River.
Helps restore vibrancy to dry, over-processed hair, leaving it beautiful and easy to style.
Helps restore, smooth and revitalize dry skin damaged by the environment, soaps and detergents.
Helps return people to work sooner than other medical treatments.
Helps reveal new, younger-looking skin.
Helps revitalize and rejuvenate while helping to elevate sensuality and improve intimacy.
Helps rule out other potential causes of acute changes in neurologic status.
Helps rule out pheochromocytoma.
Helps run front office.
Helps run the Face of the Future competition.
Helps schedule and coordinate meetings.
Helps sell the benefits of new database software releases and products to the organization.
Helps send a clear message about residents' rights.
Helps serve breakfast and lunch as needed.
Helps serve meals and snacks.
Helps set rates.
Helps set up health booths at camp meeting and other events.
Helps set up lunch and snacks.
Helps shrink swelling of irritated hemorrhoidal tissues.
Helps solidify wholesale banking relationships.
Helps stabilize and cleanse chakras.
Helps stabilize neighborhoods experiencing demographic changes.
Helps stabilize reference voltages supplied to the drives.
Helps stay alert.
Helps stay hidden when hunting summer steelhead.
Helps sterilize employees hands hands that forget to wash by installing near toilets.
Helps stimulate appetite, and rejuvenates exhausted birds.
Helps stimulate student interest and promote understanding of commands.
Helps stop basketball damage to gardens, windows, cars and neighbouring properties.
Helps stop bleeding.
Helps stop brain lipid peroxidation as seen in carbon monoxide poisoning.
Helps stop cracking and warping.
Helps stop growth of ringworm, summer itch, girth itch and other fungus problems.
Helps stop hair loss.
Helps stop harmful chemicals from penetrating the skin.
Helps stop itching and soothes rough, scaly, irritated, sore or dry skin.
Helps stop nail bleeding etc.
Helps stop non-infectious diarrhea.
Helps stop pain and swelling fast.
Helps stop procrastination.
Helps stop spreading of cancer.
Helps stop the growth of microorganisms that enter the stomach.
Helps strengthen and refine the epidermal by restoring moisture balance.
Helps strengthen customer relationships via individualized communications.
Helps strengthen existing groups.
Helps strengthen finger nails.
Helps strengthen intergroup relations.
Helps strengthen skin's resistance to fine lines and retexturizes skin in the eye area.
Helps strengthen the gums, promotes healthy mucous.
Helps strengthen the private sector capacity of African countries.
Helps strengthen veins, thus improving blood flow to the peripheral limbs.
Helps structure any loan request.
Helps supply more colloid and medulla to prevent arthritis, premature memory lapse, and exhaustion.
Helps supply oxygen to the brain.
Helps take away appetite.
Helps take good care of one's self.
Helps take their minds off their current nine.
Helps take training and motivates the teams.
Helps teach organ registration, manual and pedal technique, hymn playing.
Helps teach potty-training etiquette.
Helps teach proper technique and reduces the fear of heading.
Helps teach students to write for a purpose.
Helps teach the basics of crop production.
Helps teach the beginning letter sound by having several objects beginning with the letter.
Helps teach the names of the bones and how they work together.
Helps teach young people basic cognitive therapy skills.
Helps think through complex passages.
Helps track all chemical and fertilizer applications and aids in preparing necessary reports.
Helps transcend ego into oneness.
Helps translate Polish language documents of all types.
Helps translate scientific information to consumers, government and health professionals.
Helps turn all nutrients into usable energy.
Helps turn any athletic shoe into a cross training shoe.
Helps unblock the flow of energy, creating a sense of calm and balance.
Helps use fat for energy, restores sex drive.
Helps use fat for energy.
Helps visualize the impacts of a variety of water management scenarios.
Helps work out the bugs.
Help always comes when there is problem.
Help often is right at hand.
All help can.
All help given is free and confidential.
All help increase the sense of control over pain and the factors that influence it.
All help is a blessing.
All help is accepted gratefully.
All help is accepted.
All help is appreciated greatly.
All help is appreciated,thanks.
All help is appreciated.
All help is apprecitated.
All help is completely confidential and free of charge.
All help is confidential, with or without a signed agreement.
All help is encouraged and appreciated.
All help is extremely appreciated.
All help is free to the disabled ncmp participant.
All help is great appreciated.
All help is great.
All help is greatfuly appreciated.
All help is held confidential.
All help is important.
All help is more than appreciated.
All help is much appreciated.
All help is needed and appreciated.
All help is needed.
All help is offered on an entirely confidential basis.
All help is provided as a service and is as accurate as possible.
All help is rewarding and appreciated.
All help is self-help .
All help is very much appreciated.
All help is very much needed.
All help is very welcome.
All help is volunteer.
All help is welcome, programming as well as documentation.
All help is welcome.
All help is welcomed.
All help offered is strictly confidential.
All help offered is totally free of charge.
Any help appre.
Any help appreciate.
Any help appreciated - family members are anxious to contact any living relative.
Any help are welcome.
Any help can be very useful.
Any help concerning open issues is highly welcome, as are suggestions.
Any help fighting the discomfort of deja vu is even better.
Any help given in tracing the missing items is much appreciated.
Any help given is much appreciated.
Any help given is received with open arms.
Any help greatly appreciate.
Any help greatly appriciate.
Any help here is most appreciated.
Any help here is much appreciated.
Any help is a gift.
Any help is always welcome .
Any help is always welcome.
Any help is apprechiated.
Any help is appreciable.
Any help is appreciataed.
Any help is appreciate.
Any help is appreciated .
Any help is appreciated and all stories are enjoyed.
Any help is appreciated and payment is fast and easy.
Any help is appreciated greatly.
ANy help is appreciated Thanks.
Any help is appreciated very much.
Any help is appreciated very sincerely.
Any help is appreciated, thanks.
Any help is appreciated, Thanks.
Any help is appreciated,thanks.
Any help is appreciated.
Any help is Appreciated.
Any Help is appreciated.
Any Help is Appreciated.
ANY help is appreciated.
ANy help is appreciated.
Any help is appreciative.
Any help is appreciiated.
Any help is apprecited.
Any help is appreicated.
Any help is appricated.
Any help is appriciated.
Any help is apreciated.
Any help is as always greatly appreciated.
Any help is desired in tracing the individuals.
Any help is extremely appreciated.
Any help is good help.
Any help is great appreciated.
Any help is great.
Any help is greatly appeciated guys.
Any help is greatly appr.
Any help is has then two edges.
Any help is help.
Any help is more than welcome.
Any help is more then welcome.
Any help is most welcome.
Any help is MOST welcome.
Any help is much appreciated help.
Any help is much appreciated.
Any help is needed, wanted, and very much appreciated.
Any help is needed.
Any help is of value.
Any help is once more appreciated.
Any help is pretty much appreciated.
Any help is really welcome.
Any help is somewhere in Maine.
Any help is to be acknowledged prior to the pledge.
Any help is very appreciated.
Any help is very much appreciated.
Any Help is very much appreciated.
Any help is very much appriciated.
Any help is very welcome.
Any help is wanted.
Any help is welcome .
Any help is welcome and appreciated.
Any help is welcome thanks.
Any help is welcome, as are comments, but no arguments, about correct order.
Any help is welcome.
Any help is welcomed in order to carry on with the digging.
Any help is welcomed.
Any help is, as always, greatly appreciated.
Any help please.
Any help re.
Any help regarding the same is most welcome.
Any help there is welcome.
Any help welcome.
Any help willbe great.
Any help wold be very much appreciated.
Any helps are welcome.
Every help is welcome.
More help always is needed in the nursing home.
More Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
More help is also available.
More help is at hand.
More help is available .
More help is available at cover letters.
More help is available for each after clicking the link.
More help is available for youth in Central Nebraska.
More help is available from the short faq .
More help is available from the site once linked.
More help is available from within the applet.
More help is available here.
More help is available in the source distribution.
More help is available in urban areas than rural areas.
More help is available once the software is installed.
More help is available online.
More help is available through a text file .
More help is available without leaving home.
More help is available.
More Help is available.
More Help Is Available.
More help is given for job search information which is the next step to find a job.
More help is in sight.
More help is just a click away.
More help is needed and all donations are very welcome.
More help is needed at the desk through the weekend to keep the tournament moving properly.
More Help is needed developing ideas and materials for the session itself.
More help is needed over there.
More help is needed so there can be four people available each Sabbath.
More help is needed though.
More help is needed to accomplish the mission, and more and more people are brought in on the heist.
More help is needed to keep order.
More help is needed to refine and expand restoration efforts.
More help is needed to spread the word.
More help is needed with keeping faculty invigorated compared to other major institutions.
More help is needed.
More help is now available for cancer patients coping with pain.
More help is on the way for Detroit's homeless teens and young adults.
More help is on the way for industrializing countries.
More help is on the way to get the real estate records at the Jackson County courthouse up to date.
More help is on the way, too.
More help is on the way.
More help is vital to the continued operation of the Railway.
More Help See the bottom of our home page for links to publishing associations.
More Help Still got questions.
Most help is about commands.
Most help is needed during the work day.
Most help is only a phone call away.
Much help appears to be available from around the world.
Much help is available, including excellent graphic suggestions for limiting searches.
Much help is available.
Much help is needed and all help and ideas are welcome.
Much help is needed and appreciated.
Much help is needed in any of the following areas.
Much help is needed to get advocates to the function.
Much help is needed to organize, set up, and assist children during the event.
Much help is needed to reach out to the Burmese people.
MUCH help is needed.
Much help is received from others, but only one person receives all of the credit .
Some help can assist the natural process, but some blatantly ignore and violate the natural process.
Some help is afforded by the thing now being HTML files.
Some help is already on hand.
Some help is at hand, via networked information.
Some help is at hand.
Some help is available in finding appropriate sources of external funding.
Some help is available to get faculty started setting up web pages.
Some help is available.
Some help is free, but more detailed advice is available for a fee.
Some help is needed on grammar throughout the text.
Some help is needed to bring food to campus, set up, and work on the grill.
Some help is needed to transport siddurim and chumashim, etc.
Some Help is offered that explains the search syntax.
Some help is on the way for California.
Some help is on the way.
Some help is on the Web.
A helpdesk is a service
Helpdesks vary significantly in function and size.
Helpdesks often use remote control to show users how to engage an application or perform a function.
Most helpdesks start with a trouble tracking system.
Helped customers determine the best hardware and software solutions for their business needs.
Helped participants see the relevance and importance of material to their jobs.
Helped professors prepare exams and quizzes and correction of papers.
Helped scientists turn environmental impact statements into decision documents.
Helped students collect many new words through their vocabulary study and their word play.
Helped students comprehend class material.
Helped students develop and debug programs.
Helped students develop problem solving algorithms and debugging techniques.
Helped students develop their themes and keep writing focused.
Helped students learn about zoo operations, wildlife conservation issues, and volunteer services.
Helped students learn and apply the basic principles of ecology.
Helped students learn and apply the basic principles of geomorphology.
Helped students learn more about careers in health care.
Helped students solve problems for class and suggested better study methods for exams.
Helper application are usually stand-alone applications in their own right.
Helper applications are external programs that the browser can call to perform a task.
Helper applications are still good for some purposes, however.
Helper applications can also consume memory at a prodigious rate.
Helper applications expand the use of the world wide web to many other types of files.
Helper applications handle untrusted data and can be potential security threats.
Helper applications offer probabilistic information about the consumer's machine and even interests.
Many helper applications are downloadable free over the web.
A helper cell is a T lymphocyte
Helper cells help the immune system to function normally and fight off certain kinds of infections.
Helper cells mature and multiply rapidly to fight off the virus.
Helper cells use receptors on their surface to read antigenic displays.
Helper classes communicate state information.
A helper is a person
Helper Allows to bootstrap a servicemanager with the jurt base components registered.
Helper goes into prison book.
Helper is located in Carbon County Utah.
Helper is no help.
Helper isa worker.
Helper restricts motion so that smooth strength is used in half-speed lunge.
Helper See prices below.
Helpers appear in a familiar form to reassure the confused newly dead.
Helpers are a wonderful thing to have.
Helpers are always welcome - new projects as well.
Helpers are always welcome.
Helpers are capable of hand tools.
Helpers are caregivers.
Helpers are completely seperate programs that open their own windows to display the data.
Helpers are expert communicators.
Helpers are parents who come in.
Helpers are people who can help solve disputes.
Helpers are present to assist in locating appropriate resources.
Helpers are talented networkers, making connections between other people.
Helpers are thus valuable to the breeding female but less so if there are other litters to care for.
Helpers are usually male offspring from previous breeding seasons.
Helpers are welcome as always, to assist with setup and carrying in books, plants and refreshments.
Helpers are welcome.
Helpers are, in general, becoming less necessary as browser plug-in technology develops.
Helpers assist in incubating eggs, feeding the young, and digging tree cavities.
Helpers Assist our children with special needs as they participate in children's programming.
Helpers begin by doing simple jobs such as fixing leaky faucets and replacing light bulbs.
Helpers begin with simple assignments and are gradually given more responsibility.
Helpers begin with simple tasks, such as installing padding.
Helpers call their partners before school starts and during the first six to eight weeks of school.
Helpers can be family, friends, or a paid home care provider.
Helpers can find questions instead of junk.
Helpers can mob predators effectively.
Helpers can pick up their issue, getting it sooner and saving the kingdom postage.
Helpers can provide practical support with transportation or household tasks.
Helpers can volunteer for registration, novelty shoot, cook, and the list can go on and on.
Helpers clearly make a choice about whether to stay or go.
Helpers collect litter and debris off roads, residential and natural areas.
Helpers contribute to nest success.
Helpers contribute to success.
Helpers deserve credit too, but acknowledge that no one is learning to read for the student.
Helpers do repetitive, physically demanding work.
Helpers generally begin by performing simple tasks.
Helpers get the glory and the blame.
Helpers give to get their own needs met.
Helpers greatly increase the likelihood of survival of the breeding pair and young offspring.
Helpers have (part) arms.
Helpers have (part) body substances.
Helpers have (part) cell membranes.
Helpers have (part) cells.
Helpers have (part) corpi.
Helpers have (part) cytoplasm.
Helpers have (part) heads.
Helpers have (part) human bodies.
Helpers have (part) legs.
Helpers have (part) material bodies.
Helpers have (part) necks.
Helpers have (part) nuclei.
Helpers have (part) personality.
Helpers have (part) plasma membranes.
Helpers have (part) sections.
Helpers have (part) vacuoles.
Helpers have their own guide with an answer key and helpful hints.
Helpers help with filing, assist with field trips, etc.
Helpers improve conditions.
Helpers know solutions.
Helpers like to be kept informed and appreciated.
Helpers make differences.
Helpers present a favorite book to the class, help with filing, assist with field trips, etc.
Helpers provide assistance or direction.
Helpers provide assistance.
Helpers provide constant care to the chicks while keeping out of sight of the growing birds.
Helpers provide the extra support to remove some of the cost of caring for multiple infants.
Helpers provides a ride to the doctor with a companion, follow-up, etc in south Florida.
Helpers rake up the burning husks several times, forming a red-hot pile.
Helpers ride on top with sticks to push up the telephone wires as the bands pass underneath.
Helpers seek to protect the child and help families learn how to live together and cope with crisis.
Helpers seem to be invulnerable to fatigue, stress, frustration and depression.
Helpers share in fresh food bounties and live rent-free.
Helpers start at lower wage rates than beginning apprentices.
Helpers strengthen the family in several ways.
Helpers use long, steel-tipped bamboo poles to help push the sampans over the rapids.
Helpers Use students as ushers on the day.
Helpers Use the delegation design pattern.
Helpers wash hands or wear plastic gloves.
Helpers Welcome to our home on the world wide web.
Helpers always welcome.
Helpers usually work alongside a teacher and assist with reading, writing or making things.
All helpers run the risk of falling into therapeutic aggression.
Many helpers also take correspondence courses or classes at trade schools.
Many helpers have nothing to do with networking.
More helpers welcome for both images and text.
More helpers welcome for scanning images.
Most helpers are familiar with only the first few programming classes.
Most helpers are sporadic, scheduling a day to volunteer when possible a couple times a year.
Most helpers contribute to nest success.
Most helpers contribute to success.
Most helpers improve conditions.
Most helpers know solutions.
Most helpers make differences.
Most helpers provide assistance.
Some helpers always prefer to speak to the student first.
Some helpers assist in incubations.
Some helpers bring food.
Some helpers carry plastic plates.
Some helpers carry plates.
Some helpers gain benefits.
Some helpers gain inclusive fitness benefits.
Some helpers hold heads.
Some helpers jump to death.
Some helpers learn parent skills.
Some helpers learn skills.
Some helpers replace breeders.
Some helpers require spots.
Some helpers specialize in a particular activity, such as printing or developing.
Some helpers wear eye protection.
Some helpers wear protection.
Some helpers work with cement masons.
Some helpers work with masons.
Helpful advice is also available on the Internet.
Helpful advice is always available.
Helpful advice is given on the particular issues for individuals with autism.
Helpful advice is just a keyclick away.
Helpful advice is the name of the game, and parents and teachers alike are encouraged to attend.
Helpful advice regarding how to choose a camp, what to pack, coping at camp, and more is provided.
Helpful animals use energy helping others with no direct advantage to themselves.
Helpful annex lists diseases alphabetically including agent, transmission, and incubation periods.
Helpful appendices contain identifications of minor characters in the works.
Helpful appendices explain ways for grass-roots citizens to help advance school choice.
Helpful appendices give irregular verbs and geographical names.
Helpful appendix describes various stages of children's development.
Helpful approaches depend on the child s age and stage of development.
Helpful articles regarding franchises are available.
Helpful articles sell.
Helpful background includes some linear algebra, real analysis and numerical analysis.
Helpful bacteria makes yogurt.
Helpful bacteria produce foods such as cheese and pickles.
Most helpful bacteria feed on materials.
Some helpful bacteria break down waste.
Some helpful bacteria live in digestive tracts.
Some helpful bacteria live in tracts.
Helpful bacteria feed on materials.
Helpful books are better than supplies alone. .
Helpful brochures are also available.
Helpful checklists allow students to measure their work against specific assessment criteria.
Helpful checklists help important tasks.
Helpful checklists help tasks.
Most helpful checklists help important tasks.
Most helpful checklists help tasks.
Helpful comments are welcome.
Any helpful comment is appreciated.
Any helpful comments are welcome.
Helpful Contacts Find phone numbers and websites.
Helpful Contacts Includes phone numbers and websites.
Helpful contributions are much appreciated.
Helpful courses are computer data entry, typing, business arithmetic, and other business courses.
Helpful criticism is always useful, but rude whining is such an annoyance.
Helpful critters can often become pests.
Helpful database combines stats from various government agencies.
Helpful database lists resources.
Some helpful day hikers up there.
Helpful detail follows.
Helpful diagrams illustrate the concepts.
Helpful diagrams illustrate the process.
Helpful diseases leads to special skills, special survival adaptations or abilities etc.
Helpful documentation is also available.
Helpful feedback is provided for all assignments and exams.
Helpful germs make yogurt from milk, sauerkraut from cabbage, and wine from grapes.
Some helpful guides help choices.
Some helpful guidelines are on the following pages.
Helpful handouts provide instructions on the basic use of electronic resources.
Helpful hint start early, it's simple and it's automatic.
Helpful Hint Try one solution at a time.
Helpful Hints Allow two hours for the infrared analyzer to heat up.
Helpful Hints Apply early every year.
Helpful Hints Apply early.
Helpful hints are also available on the following page.
Helpful hints are available as an aid for developing search terms.
Helpful hints are available.
Helpful Hints Arrive early and put the toys on the table before people arrive.
Helpful Hints Ask the social worker questions about the process.
Helpful Hints Be aware of deadlines .
Helpful Hints Be aware of time limits.
Helpful Hints Be patient while web pages load.
Helpful Hints Be punctual.
Helpful Hints Be sure to season the iron before using it for the first time.
Helpful hints faqs, quick reference guides, and explainations.
Helpful Hints Find a soft, carpeted floor or a gymnastics mat.
Helpful Hints Follow through on all leads.
Helpful hints follow.
Helpful Hints Get an eye exam.
Helpful hints Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Helpful Hints Have students draw pictures to represent what is going on in a word problem.
Helpful Hints Judging The most important part of judging is the interview.
Helpful Hints Learn how to be a friend to a person with a disability.
Helpful Hints Look in areas that provide a relatively easy commute to work.
Helpful hints offer insightful advice for each list.
Helpful hints offers detailed instructions on how to submit a lesson plan.
Helpful Hints Put the light directly where it is needed.
Helpful Hints Remember, the back seat is the safest place for children to ride in a motor vehicle.
Helpful Hints Take advantage of the opportunity to speak with as many school officials as possible.
Helpful Hints Take close-up pictures showing the point of contact between the cars.
Helpful Hints Use a cutting board that fits over the sink.
Helpful Hints Use a journalistic writing style.
Helpful Hints Use a ruler to measure spacing for patterns and borders.
Helpful Hints Use as a meter on the job market in a certain geographical area.
Helpful Hints Use lubricants liberally for vaginal dryness.
Helpful Hints Use only in conjunction with other job search strategies.
Helpful Hints Use past tense and third person.
Helpful hints Use pockets of time.
Helpful Hints Use the Web frequently as information and sites change quickly.
Helpful Hints Use trash cans with lids to hold plastic trash bags.
Helpful hints Using brainstorming in a group that is unfamiliar with the concept can be difficult.
All helpful hints are subject to each persons use and results.
Many helpful hints gleaned from years of experience make ideal flakes easy and dependable.
Many helpful hints regarding toilet training are available in the texts below.
Some Helpful Hints Do consider writing more than one draft.
Some Helpful Hints Try to clear stacks away early.
Helpful house hints.
Helpful icons give information at a glance, with textual information to provide greater detail.
Helpful ideas are always wecome.
Helpful info includes how to identify unhealthy relationship and sources of further information.
Helpful information explains how to select.
Helpful information guides customers through the buying process.
Helpful information is also available on buying and selling tips, credit tips and mortgages pages.
Helpful information is appreciated.
Helpful information is available for browsing.
Helpful information is available from several long-term care links .
Helpful information is available on how scents can enhance the day at home and on the job.
Helpful information is available on line.
Helpful information is available to the membership.
Helpful information is contained in the links to the right.
Helpful information is contained in the new, online newsletter .
Helpful information is here.
Helpful information is offered on birth control and other relevant issues.
Helpful information is printed on the inside of the front and back covers of the book.
Helpful information is provided for the beginner, the novice and the experienced publisher.
Helpful information is provided for the beginner, the novice and the experienced writer.
Many helpful information is here.
Some helpful information is listed below.
Any helpful input is appreciated.
Helpful insects can go back on the job.
Some helpful insight emphasizes safety.
Helpful instructions are accessible from the main page.
Helpful instructions are in blue.
Helpful instructions explain accounting terms and concepts.
Helpful labels explain the deeper meaning.
Helpful Links Addressing legal issues is a crucial step in planning for the future.
Helpful Links are links to other places on campus relevant to the new student.
Helpful Links Click on a category heading to expand a list of links.
Helpful Links Click on the subject to see the listings, or just scroll on down.
Helpful Links Get an industry overview.
Helpful Links Investigate various links to world languages, including Latin.
Helpful Links Keep up to date on what other in-plants are doing by checking out their Web sites.
Helpful Links Raising a child is expensive.
Helpful Links Submit new links to interesting sites.
Helpful links summarize what the link points to.
Helpful literature is free for download.
Helpful magazines are on the coffee table and cookbooks on the shelf.
Helpful man are safe men.
Helpful men are safe men.
Helpful maps make it much easier to see all available schools in a given district or county.
Some helpful math hints.
Helpful pamphlet includes recipes for a variety of cakes, fillings and frostings.
Helpful people are as important as high-quality machines and software.
Helpful plaques show where explosive charges have been placed.
Helpful pointers tell educators how to identify dyslexia before the diagnostician arrives.
Helpful predators live in barns too.
Helpful products Opt for toy trunks without a hinged lid to avoid crushed fingers.
Helpful Programs Find help with home repairs, taxes, public benefits, and more.
Helpful qualities are patience, perseverance and physical stamina.
Helpful recommendations Apply as early as possible.
Helpful references are much appreciated.
Helpful Resources Click on the lines below to link to the respective sites.
Helpful Resources Creating cultural awareness requires a commitment to on-going learning.
Helpful Resources Link to women's resources available on the Internet.
Helpful Resources Visit the class notes page.
Many helpful resources exist within the state to assist the small business person.
Helpful responses acknowledge the child's feelings.
All helpful responses are welcome.
Helpful reviews are available for many of the books through the links for each book.
Helpful site explains the various types of resume types and formats.
Helpful society promoting cat welfare in Yorkshire, new members welcome.
Helpful staff are available to discuss financial issues.
Helpful staff assist guests with a smile.
Helpful strategies precede each and every selection in the fourth edition.
Helpful suggestions are always welcome.
Helpful suggestions are welcome.
Helpful suggestions welcome.
Some helpful suggestions follow.
Helpful Supplements Supplementing with antioxidants is important in preventing cancer.
Helpful teaching comes forth.
Helpful Terms agences s'abst.
Many helpful texts are available in the stacks.
Helpful Tips Be brief.
Helpful Tips Define the objective of the fire damage assessment team.
Helpful tips guarantee fsbo success.
Helpful Tips Learn from the experts.
Helpful tips line the side of each page.
Helpful Tips Make changes gradually.
Helpful tips Pay promptly to help keep down costs of mailing additional notices.
Helpful tips show how to decorate for comfort and personal expression.
Helpful Tips Sitting in a comfortable seat is important.
Helpful tips take the viewer through oven selection, seasoning, cleaning and storing.
Helpful Tips Try to keep messages short and to the point.
Any helpful tips are also very welcome.
Some helpful tips follow.
Some helpful tips Use large furniture to create an impression of closeness.
Helpful tools are a list of java interface tools along with information on the tools.
Helpful tools guide people with all levels of computer experience.
Helpful vegetables are spinach, okra and yam.
Helpful verb drill and grammar modules for all.
Helpful websites abound , full of information about travel, business, education, history .
Helpful wizards automate many tasks.
Helpful wizards provide step by step assistance for key functions.
Helpful words build strong, confident, loving people.
Helpful words do have important meaning.
Helping isa indefinite quantity.
Helpings can involve dying.
Helpings can involve panic.
Helpings can involve smiles.
Helpings causes complications.
Helpings causes enjoyment.
Helpings causes happiness.
Helpings causes hearts.
Helpings causes pay.
Helpings causes satisfaction.
Helpings is capable of good.
Helpings is part of meals.
Helpings is social events.
Helpings is used for police officers.
Helpings is used for status.
Some helpless babies weigh about ounces.
Helpless creatures need meals.
Helpless creatures rely on mothers.
Most helpless creatures rely on mothers.
Helpless females make a guy feel macho.
Helpless husband stands around looking worried.
Helpless idiocy is the key to the future.
Helpless infants have a mortal fear of being abandoned.
Helpless kittens reach maturity.
Helpless kittens reach sexual maturity.
Most helpless kittens reach maturity.
Most helpless kittens reach sexual maturity.
Helpless relatives run from courtroom to police-station trying to discover their fate.
Helplessly man swings from birth to death and again from death to birth.
Helpwanted service is available at no cost to the job seekers.
A hem is an edge
Hem isa boundary.
Hems are different .
Hems are different.
Hems are edges.
Hems are little hamlets inside the city .
Hems are little hamlets inside the city.
Hems are part of fabric.
All hems are double stitched and the neck has a three needle cover stitch finish.
All hems are four ply and grommetted.
Some hems are part of anoraks.
Some hems are part of aprons.
Some hems are part of bandages.
Some hems are part of brollies.
Some hems are part of canvases.
Some hems are part of capes.
Some hems are part of cardigans.
Some hems are part of cloth.
Some hems are part of coats.
Some hems are part of denims.
Some hems are part of diapers.
Some hems are part of dominoes.
Some hems are part of elastic.
Some hems are part of fabric.
Some hems are part of felt.
Some hems are part of garments.
Some hems are part of gauze.
Some hems are part of gowns.
Some hems are part of handkerchiefs.
Some hems are part of hankies.
Some hems are part of jackets.
Some hems are part of jeans.
Some hems are part of jerseys.
Some hems are part of jumpers.
Some hems are part of kilts.
Some hems are part of laundries.
Some hems are part of leggings.
Some hems are part of macs.
Some hems are part of nightdresses.
Some hems are part of parachutes.
Some hems are part of patches.
Some hems are part of pullovers.
Some hems are part of raglans.
Some hems are part of rags.
Some hems are part of raincoats.
Some hems are part of robes.
Some hems are part of sailboats.
Some hems are part of sails.
Some hems are part of satin.
Some hems are part of scarves.
Some hems are part of shawls.
Some hems are part of shirts.
Some hems are part of shreds.
Some hems are part of silk.
Some hems are part of slings.
Some hems are part of suits.
Some hems are part of sweaters.
Some hems are part of sweatshirts.
Some hems are part of taffetas.
Some hems are part of tartans.
Some hems are part of terries.
Some hems are part of towels.
Some hems are part of umbrellas.
Some hems are part of underwears.
Some hems are part of velvet.
Some hems are part of wool.
Some hems have a full circuit of interior roadways that allow for better communities .
Some hems have a full circuit of interior roadways that allow for better communities.
Hemangioma arising from a rib is a rare benign entity.
Hemangioma is a good possibility.
Hemangioma is a tumor of blood vessels that occurs in varying severity.
Hemangioma is a tumor
Hemangioma is an abnormal network of vessels which rupture easily.
Hemangioma is defined as a neoplastic entity which arises from blood vessels.
Hemangioma is diseases.
Hemangioma is located on dorsal side of the glans.
Hemangioma is the most frequently encountered angiomatous lesion.
Most hemangiomas appear within a week or two after birth.
Most hemangiomas undergo spontaneous regression at an early age.
Some hemangiomas disappear completely and others undergo only a partial involution.
A hematemesis is vomiting
Hematemesis is the vomiting of blood.
Hematemesis occurs less frequently.
Hematemesises are vomit.
A hematite is iron ore
Hematite continues to be one of the most important pigment minerals.
Hematite dissolves the issues when one meets with confrontation.
Hematite grounds one's energy, allowing clearer focus and intention to reach desired goals.
Hematite increases upwards in the residual weathering profile.
Hematite isa ore.
Hematite occurs as dusty inclusions in the quartz, but as micro-laminae in jasper layers.
Hematite occurs at a number of places throughout the county in scattered outcrops of iron formation.
Hematite occurs in platy, compact, granular, or earthy masses.
Hematite reduces stress and strengthens love.
Hematite wards off bad moods and depressed feelings.
Hematites are iron ore.
Hematites are minerals.
Some hematite is dense, hard, and crystallized in long fibers.
Some hematite is steel gray to black and can be very sparkly.
Some hematites have charge density.
Some hematites have density.
A hematocrit is a centrifuge
Hematocrits measure red cell volume.
Hematogenous infections require antibiotic therapy and surgical management.
Hematogenous metastases can also cavitate.
Hematogenous metastasis requires tumor cell attachment to the vessel wall during blood flow.
Hematogenous spread appears to be uncommon.
Hematogenous spread is more common in children than in adults.
Hematogenous spread is often to the lungs and liver.
Hematogenous spread is the third pathophysiology.
Hematologic cancers are cancers of the blood or bone marrow , including leukemia and lymphoma.
Hematologic cancers are cancers of the blood or bone marrow, including leukemia and lymphoma.
Hematologic changes can increase suspicion.
Hematologic dissemination occurs from the lymph nodes.
Hematologic injuries cause anemia, infection, bleeding, and delayed wound healing.
Hematologic tests are negative with no signs of sepsis.
Hematologic testing is indicated for any recurrent, chronic or bilateral presentation.
Hematologic toxicities associated with topotecan therapy are noncumulative.
Hematologic toxicity is infrequent following trastuzumab use as a single agent.
Hematologic toxicity is only slightly less common than renal toxicity.
Hematologic toxicity is possible during therapy with carbamazepine.
Hematologic toxicity is summarised as mild and reversible.
Hematological adjustments occur to augment the oxygen content of the blood.
Hematological symptoms arise due to bleeding or clotting in the specific organ affected.
A hematologist is a specialist
Hematologists are doctors.
Hematologists are specialists in the diagnosis and treatment of blood disorders.
Hematologists are specialists.
Hematologists specialize in disorders of the blood, spleen and lymph glands.
Hematologists specialize in the treatment of blood disorders.
Some hematologists suggest the patient take antibiotics as a preventative measure.
A hematology is medicine
Hematologies are medicine.
Hematology helps diagnose disorders of blood and blood clotting systems.
Hematology includes the studies of blood, blood forming tissues, and coagulation phenomena.
Hematology is the scientific study of blood and blood-forming tissues.
Hematology is the study of blood cells and blood coagulation, which relate to hematopathology.
Hematology is the study of blood.
A hematoma is a swelling
Hematoma is seen in the renal hilum.
Hematoma refers to a solid, homogeneously hyperdense image.
Hematomas are diseases.
Hematomas are injuries.
Some hematomas undergo extensive calcification or even ossification.
Hematopoietic cells are eukaryotic cells.
Hematopoietic cells are responsive to a number of cytokines.
Hematopoietic cells are somatic cells.
Hematopoietic cells form a differentiation hierarchy.
Hematopoietic cells produce blood cells.
Hematuria can occur in both male and female patients.
Hematuria is a common presentation.
Hematuria is a dangerous symptom.
Hematuria is a frequent presenting symptom.
Hematuria is a relatively common clinical finding.
Hematuria is a symptom
Hematuria is a term used for the presence of red blood cells in the urine.
Hematuria is absent.
Hematuria is defined as blood in the urine.
Hematuria is diseases.
Hematuria is symptoms.
Hematuria is the medical term for blood in the urine.
Hematuria is the single most common symptom and leads to secondary anemia.
Hematuria means blood in the urine.
Hematuria occurs because the stones irritate and damage the bladder wall causing bleeding.
Hematuria simply means blood in the urine.
Heme biosynthesis is managed differently in liver than in the bone marrow.
Heme groups are the part of hemoglobin that binds the oxygen molecules.
Heme oxygenase facilitates the transport of toxic ferrous ion out of cells.
Heme oxygenase is known to be a defense against oxidative injury.
Heme oxygenase modulates selectin expression in different regional vascular beds.
Heme oxygenase substrates acutely lower blood pressure in hypertensive rats.
Heme consists of an organic part and an iron atom.
Heme enters the cell as an intact metalloporphyrin, presumably by a vesicular mechanism.
Heme is a chemical that carries oxygen and makes blood red.
Heme is a lignand with myoglobin forming a functional compound that delivers oxygen to muscle.
Heme is a member of a family of compounds called porphyrins .
Heme is a porphyrin that is the important non-protein component of hemoglobin.
Heme is absorbed by machinery completely different to that of inorganic iron.
Heme is an organic molecule .
Heme is an organic molecule.
Heme is available as hematin in the United States.
Heme is bright red, the pigment that characterizes red blood.
Heme is bright red.
Heme is broken down into bilirubin at peripheral sites.
Heme is chemical compounds.
Heme is converted to bilirubin, which is then carried by albumin in the blood to the liver.
Heme is converted to biliverdin by heme oxygenase and then to bilirubin by biliverdin reductase.
Heme is essential if the body is to work properly.
Heme is excreted by liver to ultimately become bile pigments that color feces dark.
Heme is made of four pyrrole groups united to form a porphyrin ring.
Heme is manufactured by the bone marrow and liver to carry oxygen in hemoglobin and hemoprotein.
Heme is pigment
Heme is pigment.
Heme is responsible for the characteristic red color of blood.
Heme is taken up in the liver, where it compensates for the reduced synthesis of heme.
Heme is the major building block of hemoglobin.
A hemiacetal is an organic compound
Hemiacetals are easy to hydrolyze, acetal is harder.
Hemiacetals can further react in the presence of excess alcohol to form acetals.
A hemianopia is disability
Hemianopia can cause loss of confidence with doing simple daily tasks.
Some hemianopias resolve naturally over time.
Hemic material is intermediate with respect to decomposition.
Hemiepiphytes have the most unusual growth forms and are parasitic to larger trees.
Hemiepiphytes rely on a different strategy.
Hemifacial spasm differs etiologically from essential blepharospasm.
Hemifacial spasm is a unilateral involuntary contraction of the facial musculature.
Hemifacial spasm is characterized by chronic twitching or spasms of one side of the face.
Hemifacial spasm is relatively common.
Hemifacial spasm responds satisfactorily to botulinum toxin injections in most patients.
Most hemimetabolous insects are scavengers or herbivores.
Hemingway furniture has legs.
Hemingway house is a mecca for fans of literature.
A hemiparasite is a parasitic plant
Hemiparasites take a little nourishment off a host after they germinate, but do no harm to the host.
Hemiparasitic plants prey on and compete with other green plants.
A hemiplegic is a handicapped person
Hemiplegics can also use an additional adaptive support for a weak leg.
A hemipteran is an insect
Many hemipterans can produce sound for communication.
Most hemipterans are either lentic or slow water lotic forms.
Most hemipterans are phytophagous, using their sucking and piercing mouthparts to feed on plant sap.
Most hemipterans feed on plants, using their sucking and piercing mouthparts to extract plant sap.
Some hemisphere observers see crescents.
A hemisphere is a geographical area
Hemisphere Can match position of pencil held in various positions.
Hemisphere is a delightful restaurant for any occasion.
Hemisphere is about to release a product that does just that and more.
Hemisphere isa location.
Hemisphere offers for download from their website.
Hemisphere owns patents in UK, USA, Australia and several European countries.
Hemisphere welcomes articles from professors and graduate students.
Hemispheres are manifolds.
Hemispheres are part of earth.
Hemispheres are part of worlds.
Hemispheres are weird.
Hemispheres become loose in the country, there are new forms.
Hemispheres experience cold winter.
Hemispheres experience seasons.
Hemispheres experience winter.
Hemispheres get sunlight.
Hemispheres have jet streams.
Hemispheres have streams.
Hemispheres have surfaces.
Hemispheres have variation.
Hemispheres have weather.
Hemispheres is our operational account management practice.
Hemispheres receive heat.
Hemispheres receive light.
Hemispheres receive sunlight.
Hemispheres solitaire A beautiful, special game.
Hemispheres welcomes submissions by undergraduate students from all colleges and universities.
Most hemispheres are part of worlds.
Most hemispheres experience cold winter.
Most hemispheres get sunlight.
Most hemispheres have jet streams.
Most hemispheres have streams.
Most hemispheres have surfaces.
Most hemispheres have variation.
Most hemispheres have weather.
Most hemispheres receive heat.
Most hemispheres receive light.
Most hemispheres receive sunlight.
Some hemispheres have brains.
Some hemispheres have water.
Hemispheric asymmetries exist and influence behavior.
Hemispheric asymmetry exists at both a functional and structural level.
Hemispheric differences remain a source of gems about the human brain.
Hemispheric integration is alive and well.
Hemispheric lesions produce hemiplegic motor responses to painful stimuli.
Hemispherical shape meets the demanding needs of all carpentry jobs.
Hemispherical tips grasp the suture at any angle.
HEML document is available here .
A hemline is a line
Hemlines are also of varying lengths, from the mini-skirt to ankle length.
Hemlines are fashion.
Hemlines are lines.
Hemlines are part of coats.
Hemlines are part of dresses.
Hemlines are part of skirts.
Hemlines are still to the ankle, and high heels are worn with evening wear.
Hemlines end above the knee.
Hemlines rise to reveal ankles for the first time.
Hemlock Lake is one of the sources of water for the City of Rochester.
A hemlock tree is a coniferous tree
Hemlock trees are beautiful, but the wood is of poor quality.
Hemlock trees are capable of surviving for long periods in the shade of other trees.
Hemlock trees have round tipped leaves and small white flowers.
Hemlock trees tower above everything.
Hemlock Valley offers miles of cross-country trails as well as a tubing park.
A hemlock is a coniferous tree
Hemlock has a touch of gray and beige, has a coarser grain, and is harder.
Hemlock has very similar site requirements.
Hemlock occurs in a few places along watercourses.
Hemlock stand heavily damaged by hemlock woolly adelgid.
Hemlock stand structure and environment.
Hemlock stands account for more than five per cent of Maine's total forest population.
Hemlocks are conifers.
Hemlocks are excellent for hedges and screens, groupings and accents.
Hemlocks are fast-growing, but require abundant moisture.
Hemlocks are important as ornamental plants and as a paper pulp species.
Hemlocks are long-lived evergreens that are extremely shade tolerant.
Hemlocks are poisonous plants.
Hemlocks are the most shade tolerant evergreen tree.
Hemlocks are wood.
Hemlocks can remain in good condition if treatment begins early in the infestation process.
Hemlocks dominate here thriving in the cool, shady conditions.
Hemlocks help screen the back of the lawn, which softens the look of the chainlink fence.
Hemlocks make lovely hedges and can be freely clipped without worry of damaging the plant.
Hemlocks perform best in cool sites with well-drained, moist soils.
Hemlocks prefer cool, moist places.
Hemlocks produce cones that encase the paper-thin seeds.
Hemlocks thrive in a location that is moist but well-drained, with bright unobstructed sunlight.
Hemlocks frequently die in the landscape due to improper siting.
Some hemlock is mixed in and there are beaver-dominated wetlands.
Hemmed pants have elastic waist and side pockets.
Hemmed sleeves hang comfortably without riding up the arm.
Hemmorhagic strokes occur when an artery wall breaks, and spills blood into the brain.
Hemochromatosis is pathology
Hemochromatosis occurs when the intestine absorbs too much iron from food.
Hemodynamic alterations can be slight in the anesthetized patient.
Hemodynamic compromise demands rapid evaluation.
Hemodynamic compromise is always a potential problem during positive pressure ventilation.
Hemodynamic effect is dependent on the dose.
Hemodynamic forces play a key role in the onset of restinosis.
Hemodynamic monitoring is a very important aspect of high frequency concept ventilation.
Hemodynamic monitoring is instituted and airway control is assured.
Hemodynamic response is different depending on the stressor employed.
Hemoglobin electrophoresis is a more reliable, specific test.
Hemoglobin electrophoresis is the most widely used diagnostic test.
A hemoglobin is a protein
Hemoglobin binds oxygen and releases carbon dioxide.
Hemoglobin isa protein.
Hemoglobin transports oxygen from the lungs to the capillaries of the tissue.
Hemoglobin transports oxygen in blood.
Hemoglobins absorb oxygen.
Hemoglobins are chemicals.
Hemoglobins are complex molecules.
Hemoglobins are globular proteins.
Hemoglobins are located in blood.
Hemoglobins are organic chemicals.
Hemoglobins are pigment.
Hemoglobins are the molecules in red blood cells which carry oxygen.
Hemoglobins bind oxygen.
Hemoglobins bind sufficient oxygen.
Hemoglobins carry oxygen.
Hemoglobins have (part) atoms.
Hemoglobins have (part) chemical chain.
Hemoglobins have (part) chemical groups.
Hemoglobins have irons.
Hemoglobins have mass.
Hemoglobins react with oxygen.
Most hemoglobins absorb oxygen.
Most hemoglobins bind oxygen.
Most hemoglobins bind sufficient oxygen.
Most hemoglobins carry oxygen.
Most hemoglobins have mass.
Most hemoglobins react with oxygen.
Some hemoglobins carry blood.
Some hemoglobins increase blood.
Some hemoglobins lead to anemia.
Some hemoglobins release oxygen.
Hemoglobinopathy kits are available at no charge to health care providers.
A hemoglobinopathy is blood disorder
Hemoglobinopathies are among the more commonly inherited diseases in humans.
Hemoglobinopathies result when there is altered structure, function or production of hemoglobin.
A hemolysis is lysis
Hemolysis alone causes the abrupt sigmoidal increase of the collimated transmittance with time.
Hemolysis also occurs due to repeat deformations of the red cell.
Hemolysis can adversely effect many laboratory results.
Hemolysis can cause interference for certain assays.
Hemolysis can falsely elevate total protein.
Hemolysis ceases when the drug is withdrawn.
Hemolysis does lower the growth hormone result.
Hemolysis increases the probability of false positive results.
Hemolysis is also a problem.
Hemolysis is caused by traumatizing the thin membraned red cells.
Hemolysis is distinct from hemorrhage.
Hemolysis is indicated by increased serum bilirubin and high blood reticulocyte numbers.
Hemolysis is likely to result in elevated serum bilirubin levels.
Hemolysis is prevented, if cell swelling is preceded by eryptosis.
Hemolysis is the destruction of red blood cells.
Hemolysis is the destruction of red cells.
Hemolysis is unusual.
Hemolysises are illnesses.
Hemolysises are lysis.
Hemolytic anemia can also result when pyruvate kinase is deficient.
Hemolytic anemia can decrease the oxygen available to liver cells and lead to their death.
Hemolytic anemia can lead to serious illness.
Hemolytic anemia can occur for many reasons, including heat stroke, parasites, viral infections.
Hemolytic anemia is a disorder in which the red blood cells are destroyed too soon.
Hemolytic anemia is anemia
Hemolytic anemia is anemia.
Hemolytic anemia is another possible cause of the syndrome.
Hemolytic anemia is common and is often accompanied by splenomegaly.
Hemolytic anemia is difficult to treat, and treatment depends on the cause.
Hemolytic anemia is very rare, but can get dangerous very quickly.
Hemolytic anemias can decrease red cell survival and lead to a decrease in glycated hemoglobin.
Hemolytic crisis causes liver congestion and hepatomegaly as a result of degenerative changes.
Hemolytic crisis is the most common presentation of hereditary spherocytosis, as shown above.
Hemolyzed samples are acceptable for analysis.
Hemophagocytic syndrome is an important differential in a child with such a clinical presentation.
Hemophilia affects males almost exclusively and is found in all populations.
Hemophilia affects people of all races, colours and ethnic origins.
Hemophilia can be mild, moderate, or severe.
Hemophilia can occur in any family, even one without a known history of the disease.
Hemophilia is blood disorder
Hemophilia is hemophilia.
Hemophilia isa abnormality.
Hemophilia isa condition.
Hemophilia predominantly strikes males.
Hemophilia type A and type B have been reported with protease inhibitor use.
A hemophiliac is a sufferer
Some hemophiliacs are less fortunate.
Hemophilus infections are common in childhood, and a vaccine is now available.
Hemopoeitic illnesses are diseases affecting the organs that make blood.
A hemopoiesis is a biological process
All hemopoiesis begins with hemocytoblasts.
Hemopoietic tissues produce the blood cells.
A hemoprotein is a protein
Hemoproteins play a crucial role in maintaining life in essentially all living organisms.
A hemoptysis is a symptom
Hemoptysis refers specifically to blood that comes from the respiratory tract.
Hemoptysis refers to coughing up blood from the lungs.
Hemoptysis tends to occur intermittently and recur sporadically.
Hemoptysises are illnesses.
Hemoptysises are symptoms.
Hemorrhage affecting the spinal cord is rare.
Hemorrhage can be both internal as well as external.
Hemorrhage causes blood to collect in the brain.
Hemorrhage is a constant threat, most often form injury to iliac or lumbar veins.
Hemorrhage is a medical term that is applied commonly to any type of bleeding.
Hemorrhage is an injury
Hemorrhage is extremely uncommon in an eye which has had no previous surgery.
Hemorrhage is many times associated with protozoan cysts in tissues of birds.
Hemorrhage is more common after thrombolysis but has no significant effect oin outcome.
Hemorrhage is most commonly anterior, originating from the nasal septum.
Hemorrhage is rare with peribulbar block.
Hemorrhage is rare, however, calcification can occur.
Hemorrhage is under the blood cell logo, volume.
Hemorrhage is unlikely as no fluid is apparent.
Hemorrhage produces additional neurological deficits.
Hemorrhage remains a major life-threatening complication in pregnancy.
Hemorrhage remains the leading cause of death in patients with pelvic fracture.
Hemorrhage shows characteristic images of blood.
Hemorrhage starts in reticularis.
Hemorrhages are common.
Hemorrhages are present on the mucous membranes of the nasal passages, vagina and third eyelid.
Hemorrhages are probably the only indication for absolute vocal rest.
Hemorrhages are usually present also in the same regions.
Hemorrhages can vary from petechial to ecchymotic.
Hemorrhages happen also when pressure gets too high.
Hemorrhages occur in the skin, retina, pleura, peritoneum, etc.
Hemorrhages occur on the surface of the pig's lungs during early stages of lungworm invasion.
Hemorrhages usually resorb and seven to ten days at sea level without impairment of vision.
Hemorrhagic blood seeps from tears that develop in the skin.
Hemorrhagic cystitis can be severe and can be reduced by the prophylactic use of mesna.
Hemorrhagic cystitis is described after bone marrow transplantation.
Hemorrhagic dengue makes a person bleed from the nose or gums, produces bruises and can be fatal.
Hemorrhagic events are more common in older patients.
A hemorrhagic fever is virus infection
Hemorrhagic fever is a serious and communicable disease.
Hemorrhagic fever is an often fatal disease, with a wide spectrum of symptoms occurring in humans.
Hemorrhagic fevers are fevers.
Hemorrhagic fevers are viral infection.
Hemorrhagic fevers cause high temperatures and bleeding.
Most hemorrhagic infarcts are due to emboli.
Hemorrhagic manifestations occur usually after several days of infection.
Hemorrhagic measles is a rare complication and causes generalized bleeding .
Hemorrhagic shock is a dreaded complication of severe battlefield injuries.
Hemorrhagic smallpox is characterized by the absence of any blisters on the skin.
A hemorrhagic stroke is a stroke
A hemorrhagic stroke is hemorrhage
Hemorrhagic stroke can result in death or severe disability.
Hemorrhagic stroke is associated with a higher death rate than ischemic stroke.
Hemorrhagic stroke is caused by a break in a cerebral artery.
Hemorrhagic stroke is caused by a ruptured blood vessel in the brain.
Hemorrhagic stroke is caused by bleeding inside the head.
Hemorrhagic stroke is less common but more frequently deadly than ischemic stroke .
Hemorrhagic stroke is the least common but is the most deadly.
Hemorrhagic stroke is the most frequently fatal form of stroke.
Hemorrhagic stroke occur when blood vessels burst, causing bleeding within or around the brain.
Hemorrhagic stroke occurs when a blood vessel bursts inside the brain.
Hemorrhagic stroke occurs when a blood vessel in the brain ruptures.
Hemorrhagic stroke occurs when a blood vessel ruptures in or near the brain.
Hemorrhagic stroke occurs when a weakened blood vessel ruptures.
Hemorrhagic strokes are strokes.
Hemorrhagic strokes differ from ischemic strokes in that they result from bleeding into the brain.
Hemorrhagic strokes occur primarily in patients with poorly controlled hypertension.
Hemorrhagic strokes occur when a blood vessel in the brain leaks or bursts.
Hemorrhagic strokes occur when a blood vessel that supplies the brain ruptures and bleeds.
Hemorrhagic strokes occur when a small or medium blood vessel inside the brain leaks or bursts.
Hemorrhagic strokes occur when blood vessels break in the brain.
Hemorrhagic strokes tend to be more serious than ischemic strokes.
Hemorrhagic strokes tend to be more serious.
Hemorrhoid information is so hard to find.
Most hemorrhoid treatments aim to minimize pain and itching.
A hemorrhoid is pain
Hemorrhoids affect males and females equally.
Hemorrhoids are a common problem during or following pregnancy.
Hemorrhoids are a normal part of our body.
Hemorrhoids are a plausible cause, but that's only guesswork.
Hemorrhoids are a very common problem.
Hemorrhoids are abnormal enlargements of what are otherwise normal veins in the anal area.
Hemorrhoids are also a common complaint during pregnancy and after delivery.
Hemorrhoids are also common among pregnant women.
Hemorrhoids are benign, without possibility of malignization as it's common people think.
Hemorrhoids are common among pregnant women.
Hemorrhoids are common, especially during pregnancy, because of pressure from the fetus.
Hemorrhoids are diseases.
Hemorrhoids are engorged veins in the anal area.
Hemorrhoids are generally a mild health problem, which can be easily cured.
Hemorrhoids are generally swollen veins.
Hemorrhoids are large blood vessels at the end of the intestinal tract.
Hemorrhoids are one of mankind's oldest curses.
Hemorrhoids are one of the most common ailments known.
Hemorrhoids are one of the most common problems of the lower digestive tract.
Hemorrhoids are probably the most common aggravation our nether regions can present.
Hemorrhoids are quite common during pregnancy.
Hemorrhoids are similar to varicose veins.
Hemorrhoids are small veins around the rectum and anus that have become enlarged and swollen.
Hemorrhoids are swollen blood vessels and tissue which develop in the anus.
Hemorrhoids are swollen blood vessels in the anus and rectum.
Hemorrhoids are swollen rectal veins in the anal and rectal area.
Hemorrhoids are swollen tissue containing veins and fissures and caused by tears or ulcerations.
Hemorrhoids are swollen veins around the rectum.
Hemorrhoids are swollen veins in the lower rectum and anus.
Hemorrhoids are swollen veins near the anus or inside the rectum.
Hemorrhoids are symptoms.
Hemorrhoids are the most common cause of bleeding in the digestive tract.
Hemorrhoids are the most common source of bleeding from the rectum and the anus.
Hemorrhoids are the most likely cause.
Hemorrhoids are varicose dilations of veins in the rectal submucosal venous plexus.
Hemorrhoids are varicose swellings of the blood vessels of the rectum.
Hemorrhoids are varicose veins occurring in the rectal area.
Hemorrhoids are varicose veins of the anus.
Hemorrhoids are varicose veins of the rectum which are associated with pregnancy.
Hemorrhoids are vascular tissue pads in and about the anus.
Hemorrhoids are veins in the tissues at the opening of the anus that become enlarged.
Hemorrhoids are very common in men and women.
Hemorrhoids are very common.
Hemorrhoids become most painful when a clot forms in the enlarged vein.
Hemorrhoids bleed, too.
Hemorrhoids can be a result of several different factors.
Hemorrhoids can be painful, itchy, and often bleed.
Hemorrhoids can bleed when they are scraped by a hard bowel movement.
Hemorrhoids can cause pain in the rectal area, itching, discomfort and bleeding.
Hemorrhoids can cause pain, bleeding , clots, and itching .
Hemorrhoids can cause pain, bleeding, clots, and itching.
Hemorrhoids can cause pain, burning, itching and sometimes bleeding.
Hemorrhoids can develop internally or externally.
Hemorrhoids can develop or become aggravated during pregnancy.
Hemorrhoids can develop or worsen and bleed.
Hemorrhoids can last several days and often recur.
Hemorrhoids can never become cancer, but hemorrhoids can bleed and cancer can bleed.
Hemorrhoids can occur at any age, often without apparent cause.
Hemorrhoids can produce several uncomfortable, but non-serious problems.
Hemorrhoids can, and so can ulcers.
Hemorrhoids cause pain by itching and bleeding.
Hemorrhoids cause pain or bleeding.
Hemorrhoids Directly apply cayene extract or vitamin E oil to relieve itch and inflammation.
Hemorrhoids occur as a result of too much pressure on the veins in the rectum.
Hemorrhoids only occur in the last inch of the rectum called the anal canal.
Hemorrhoids result from straining.
Hemorrhoids usually improve after delivery.
Most hemorrhoids disappear spontaneously without ever producing symptoms.
Most hemorrhoids occur from improper defication.
Some hemorrhoids burst and cause painless rectal bleeding.
Hemorrhoidal preparations act to shrink the hemorrhoids, thereby easing the irritation.
A hemorrhoidectomy is an operation
Hemorrhoidectomy is one method of treating hemorrhoids.
Hemorrhoidectomy is performed infrequently for bleeding hemorrhoids.
A hemostat is an instrument
Hemostats are like fine locking pliers of clamps.
Hemostats are like fine locking pliers or clamps.
Hemostatic control is performed by placing clips.
Hemotherapeutic technology is available to patients with advanced liver failure.
Hemp car is an alternative-fuel project car that utilizes hemp biodiesel for fuel.
Hemp car promotes environmental fuel technologies and drug law reform.
Hemp dogbane is listed as a poisonous plant in many references.
Hemp fiber can actually make a stronger and lighter composite plastic than fiberglass.
Hemp fiber is about three times stronger than cotton and more abrasion resistant.
Hemp fiber is durable and strong.
Hemp fiber is employed in making everything from canvas and rope to clothing and textiles.
Hemp fiber is extremely versatile.
Hemp fiber is longer, stronger, more absorbent and more insulative than cotton fiber .
Hemp fiber is longer, stronger, more absorbent and more insulative than cotton fiber.
Hemp fiber is more expensive than linen.
Hemp fiber is natures longest, strongest, and most durable fiber.
Hemp fiber is one of the strongest and most durable of all natural textile fibers.
Hemp fiber is one of the strongest natural fibers on earth.
Hemp fiber is used for textiles, rope, and paper.
Hemp fiber is used in the mud walls.
Hemp fiber makes clothing that breathes and accepts dye better than other natural fibers.
Hemp fiber needs little more than nitrogen to grow.
Hemp fibers are longer, stronger, more absorbent and more mildew-resistant than cotton fibers.
Hemp fibers come from the inner bark of the stalks.
Hemp fibers remain unchanged at extreme cold and warm temperatures.
Hemp flour is a protein enriched, gluten free, nutritious and healthy flour alternative.
Hemp flour provides protein, B vitamins, fiber and EFAs.
Hemp foods are second highest in proteins next to the soy plant.
Hemp fuel is good for the environment.
Hemp milk tastes similar to coconut milk without the sweetness.
A hemp nettle is a herb
Hemp nettle is a weed which has opposite leaves.
Hemp oil based soap in the shape of a hemp leaf make a great stocking stuffer.
Hemp oil contains many valuable but fragile nutrients.
Hemp oil contains more EFAs than flax and actually tastes good.
Hemp oil contains more EFAs than flax oil and actually tasts good.
Hemp oil helps the body to heal and can be used for perfumes.
Hemp oil is a preferred base for house paints.
Hemp oil is a worthy compliment to the natural sensitivities of the honeybee.
Hemp oil is an increasingly popular product, used for an expanding variety of purposes.
Hemp oil is rich in essential fatty acids needed for healthy skin and hair.
Hemp oil is useful for a number of products.
Hemp oil provides the optimum balance of essential fatty acids.
Hemp paper is superior to wood paper.
Hemp paper is the most wonderful thing.
Hemp paper is used for bank notes and archives.
Hemp products are legal and very versatile.
Hemp products are the strongest and most durable around.
Hemp products contain significant nutritional benefits.
Hemp products have an earthy flavor that resembles macadamia nuts.
Hemp products range from rope and textiles to fuel.
All hemp products are bio-degradable.
Most hemp products are nontoxic, biodegradable, renewable and make wonderful gifts.
Hemp protein includes all essential amino acids, making it an excellent vegetable source of protein.
Hemp seed is a highly nutritious source of protein and essential fatty oils.
Hemp seed is a rich plant source of protein , containing all known amino acids.
Hemp seed is also an extremely high source of fiber.
Hemp seed is also nature's most complete source of protein.
Hemp seed is an ancient food also used for medicinal purposes.
Hemp seed is highly nutritious.
Hemp seed is nature's perfect food, packed with protein and essential fatty acids.
Hemp seed is nature's perfect food.
Hemp seed is oblong.
Hemp seed is recommended as a nutritionally balanced food for domestic pets and farm animals.
Hemp seed is very nutritious.
Hemp seeds are a complete source of vegetable protein, and contain eight essential amino acids.
Hemp seeds are also common in birdseed.
Hemp seeds are also the highest known source of Essential Fatty Acids.
Hemp seeds are delicious and are very easy to prepare.
Hemp seeds are the world's best and cheapest source of protein to feed the world's hungry.
Hemp seeds are well known within the hemp community as an excellent source of fiber and nutrients.
Hemp seeds can be ground, soaked, or crushed for their oil content.
Hemp seeds contain more highly digestible protein than soy beans.
Hemp seeds contain oil .
Hemp seeds contain the perfect balance of the essential fatty acids required by the human body.
Hemp seeds produce an oil and nut product that contains a superior level of essential fatty acids.
Hemp seeds produce an oil that can be used to make tofu, butter, cheese, salad oils and other foods.
A hemp is a rope
Hemp absorbs less resin than flax, which says the automaker, in turn reduces air pollution.
HEMP also demands The release of all persons in prison for cannabis offences.
Hemp competes economically with petrochemical fuels without damaging the ozone .
Hemp contains cellulose, a basic building block of many plastics.
Hemp contains no lignin, and whitens much easier.
Hemp growing is illegal in Minnesota under both federal and state law.
Hemp grows everywhere and is used everywhere.
Hemp grows fungicide, herbicide, and in most cases it is pesticide free.
Hemp grows rapidly and soon crowds out weeds.
Hemp grows so fast that it usually chokes out the weeds in the hills.
HEMP is for real and for the future of our planet.
Hemp leaves the soil in excellent condition for any succeeding crops.
Hemp looks like marijuana but lacks marijuana's high.
Hemp meets all standards developed for being considered a source of fuel.
Hemp produces more dry vegetable fiber than any other temperate plant.
Hemp reduces our dependency on trees.
HEMP runs over a standard transport protocol.
Hemp tends to exhaust the soil of nutrients.
Most hemp has no medical use at all, except for making bandages and emollients.
Hempseed oil is a rich source of essential fatty acids needed for healthy skin and hair.
Hempseed oil is available from many mail order vendors of hemp products.
Hempseed oil is good for lowering cholesterol levels and strengthening cardiovascular systems.
Hen feathers are rounded.
A hen harrier is a harrier
Hen harriers are remarkably bold in defence of their nests, so are easy to shoot .
Hen harriers are winter visitors to East Anglia.
Hen houses give ducks safe places to nest.
Hen turkeys make sound.
A hen is a chicken
Hen are slightly smaller in size.
Hen drop Reviews through most fence onto none origin.
Hen evacuate the building .
Hen expends less energy.
Hen fold into lots power tool sales.
Hen goes chimmy chuck, chimmy chuck.
Hen isa chicken.
Hen refuse Recommendations inside a child by none suggestion.
Hen require width of head and broad shoulders.
Hen ring Dollars between men except any diamond head sportswear still earn off none station.
Hen ring Dollars between men except any lions football still earn off none station.
Hen ring Dollars between men except any notre dame poster still earn off none station.
Hen ring Dollars between men except any old golfclub pricelist still earn off none station.
Hen ring Dollars between men except any tulane green wave apparel still earn off none station.
Hen think from none child therefore decay Vikings memorabilia.
Hens abandon their broods as soon as the ducklings have fledged.
Hens also have snoods, but they are smaller, thinner and inelastic.
Hens also have the blue patch around the eyes.
Hens also lack the white neck ring.
Hens also nest in mature stands where they can see predators coming.
Hens also use it to gather members of their flock back together.
Hens are a blue gray ground color, having a gray blue head, wing shield, belly and tail.
Hens are a drab brown.
Hens are a light brown streaked with darker brown.
Hens are a recurring symbol of good life in the country from ancient times.
Hens are almost white with several gray feather markings.
Hens are also exceptionally broody , and care for young well.
Hens are also exceptionally broody, and make good mothers.
Hens are also unable to defend food and prime cover from the larger roosters.
Hens are around as well, and they are yelping, clucking, and purring enthusiastically.
Hens are attracted to roosters based on both their physical and behavioral characteristics.
Hens are attracted to the crowing of roosters as the males begin staking out territory.
Hens are birds.
Hens are brown overall, with finely black and brown mottled head and face.
Hens are capable of breeding at the age of one.
Hens are chickens.
Hens are darker here also.
Hens are darker than a Mallard hen.
Hens are darker than the cocks.
Hens are fantastic layers in all types of weather.
Hens are fat, cos they are full of eggs.
Hens are female egg laying chickens.
Hens are female turkeys.
Hens are female, roosters are male.
Hens are females.
Hens are fine in a flight cage together as long as they have enough personal space.
Hens are generally smaller in size.
Hens are good winter layers and lay light to dark brown eggs.
Hens are green overall with the head some what darker .
Hens are less likely to fight, but it happens.
Hens are lighter in color than the toms.
Hens are more tolerant of crowding than are roosters, and generally gather in larger groups.
Hens are most productive early in their lives, when they can produce an egg nearly every day.
Hens are much duller, being overall brown with no visible crest.
Hens are much more common than males.
Hens are much the same.
Hens are necessary and useful in any position, both walkin' and settin', and layin'.
Hens are normally silent.
Hens are normally smaller in size than the males.
Hens are of great benefit here.
Hens are part of chickens.
Hens are poor egg sitters.
Hens are slightly smaller.
Hens are smaller and have blue mostly blue heads.
Hens are smaller and lose body heat faster.
Hens are smaller, brown birds with blue heads.
Hens are so crowded that they are unable to move freely or flap their wings.
Hens are somewhat similar to other pochard hens, but white cheeks on a dark brown head.
Hens are the medium animals.
Hens are the most popular turkey for consumers because of size convenience.
Hens are very good layers of white eggs.
Hens are very hard to run down.
Hens assume all incubation and brood-rearing responsibilities.
Hens become frantic and try to flap their wings and hide at the rear of their cages.
Hens begin molting on brood rearing wetlands after the young can fly.
Hens cackle and cluck .
Hens cackle and cluck.
Hens can be very aggressive and have been known to kill males.
Hens can differ in their preference for nesting location.
Hens can eat a lot at all times.
Hens can exhibit broodiness and generally make good mothers.
Hens can go broody regardless of whether they have mated with a rooster.
Hens can kill roosters.
Hens can lay eggs on their own.
Hens care for chicks.
Hens certainly have XY chromosomal pattern.
Hens chirp a few notes or calls, but nothing compared to the male's song.
Hens cluck loudly after laying an egg, and also to call their chicks.
Hens come in different colors and sizes.
Hens compete with the roosters for food and cover in the winter.
Hens consume diets.
Hens desert their nest because of flooding or brood parasitism by redheads and other canvasbacks.
Hens desire bread crumbs.
Hens differ from the cocks by being completely green.
Hens do all the care and feeding.
Hens do take their chicks to areas of greatest insect populations.
Hens eat food.
Hens extend wings.
Hens flap wings.
Hens gain weight.
Hens generally produce eggs by the dozen over a two-week period.
Hens give birth to chickens.
Hens have (part) air sacs.
Hens have (part) bird's feet.
Hens have (part) brains.
Hens have (part) breasts.
Hens have (part) cell membranes.
Hens have (part) cells.
Hens have (part) chest cavities.
Hens have (part) chests.
Hens have (part) chicken wings.
Hens have (part) corpi.
Hens have (part) cytoplasm.
Hens have (part) ears.
Hens have (part) faces.
Hens have (part) flight feathers.
Hens have (part) heads.
Hens have (part) lips.
Hens have (part) mouths.
Hens have (part) nuclei.
Hens have (part) plasma membranes.
Hens have (part) quill feathers.
Hens have (part) rib cages.
Hens have (part) second joints.
Hens have (part) sections.
Hens have (part) skulls.
Hens have (part) sterna.
Hens have (part) talons.
Hens have (part) vacuoles.
Hens have (part) wishbones.
Hens have a language all their own.
Hens have a much smaller and paler face wattle.
Hens have babies.
Hens have brown eyes, cocks have white eyes.
Hens have brown eyes, cocks have yellow eyes.
Hens have brown eyes.
Hens have color.
Hens have eyes.
Hens have feathers.
Hens have feeders.
Hens have heads.
Hens have more down to pluck during their initial nesting attempt than when renesting.
Hens have neither sufficient space to perform pre-laying movements nor any nesting material.
Hens have no favorites when it comes to a brood of chicks.
Hens have remarkable tendencies.
Hens have same color.
Hens have tendencies.
Hens have to be in the right mood to incubate eggs.
Hens have yellow thighs and lower back.
Hens lay brown eggs.
Hens lay eggs no matter what.
Hens lay eggs on the same schedule as without a rooster present.
Hens lay eggs regularly regardless.
Hens lay eggs.
Hens lay peewee, small, medium, large, extra-large and jumbo eggs.
Hens lift tails.
Hens live in coops.
Hens live their entire lives crowded into cages so small they're barely able to move.
Hens look like Blue hens, but do have more coloring on the breast, neck and wings.
Hens make a coarse quack and the drakes a flute-like whistle.
Hens make a mess of mulch, but ducks can be released in mid winter to clean up slugs and snails.
Hens make dust baths in the cool, dry earth and little thrives bar nettles and bracken.
Hens make eggs.
Hens make hollow nests in hidden places.
Hens make many calls - including a yelp and a cluck.
Hens naturally spend a great deal of time pecking at objects.
Hens only have ONE sex chromosome.
Hens prefer to nest in brushy areas that offer good cover.
Hens prefer to nest in mid to tall grass cover with the grass cover concealing the nest.
Hens prefer to nest in the cover offered by large sagebrush plants in relatively dense stands.
Hens produce better if they have more daylight.
Hens produce fewer eggs and are unthrifty looking.
Hens produce more eggs.
Hens provide eggs.
Hens raise chickens.
Hens readily go broody, and lay very small eggs that are white or tinted in color.
Hens require diets.
Hens require massive amounts of 'meat' like earthworms, insects and invertebrates.
Hens roam farms.
Hens run obstacle courses and show that they have the mental co-ordination to learn from videos.
Hens scratch through the residues, eat weed seeds and insects.
Hens seek dense, dry weed cover, hiding the nest from above and all sides.
Hens seek grain.
Hens seem to be more vulnerable to death from natural causes.
Hens show reaction.
Hens sit on eggs.
Hens suffer foot and feather damage from poorly designed wire cages unsuited to their needs.
Hens survive winter.
Hens take care.
Hens tend their chicks.
Hens tend to go broody more than other heavy egg breeds, which is to say occasionally.
Hens undergo a similar molt after their ducklings mature.
Hens use occlusion to judge depth in a two-dimensional picture.
Hens wake up just on sunrise and go to bed of their own choice as it begins to get dark.
Hens weigh approximately two pounds.
Hens often cackle loudly as they fly up and down to the roost.
Hens often stop laying while they are moulting and resume when they've grown their new feathers.
Hens sometimes have beards, too.
Hens usually have some feathering on the nape of the neck, and head color is a dull blue-gray.
Hens usually return to normal laying habits when the disruption-causing factor ends or is corrected.
All hens have a brown cere, when the cere is a dark brown the bird is ready to breed.
Many hens also develop a yellow-orange tint to the breast and upper belly.
Many hens have physical deformities from standing on wire floors, feather damage and skin abrasions.
Many hens show definite preference in selecting eggs to hatch based on size and color.
Most hens care for chicks.
Most hens eat food.
Most hens extend wings.
Most hens gain weight.
Most hens give birth to chickens.
Most hens have babies.
Most hens have brown eyes.
Most hens have color.
Most hens have eyes.
Most hens have feathers.
Most hens have feeders.
Most hens have heads.
Most hens have remarkable tendencies.
Most hens have same color.
Most hens have tendencies.
Most hens live in coops.
Most hens make eggs.
Most hens prefer to brood in the same place where they are used to laying eggs.
Most hens provide eggs.
Most hens raise chickens.
Most hens require diets.
Most hens seek grain.
Most hens show reaction.
Most hens sit on eggs.
Most hens stay on the nest after they have begun to incubate.
Most hens stop producing eggs until after the molt is completed.
Most hens survive winter.
Most hens take care.
Some hens attain weight.
Some hens belong to companies.
Some hens depend on ventilation.
Some hens die in the cages, and all too often go unnoticed until the corpse begins to smell.
Some hens enter territory.
Some hens escape from farms.
Some hens have black tails.
Some hens have buffs.
Some hens have existence.
Some hens have miserable existence.
Some hens have mothers.
Some hens have tails.
Some hens live in bushes.
Some hens live in cages.
Some hens produce an egg every day.
Some hens raise babies.
Some hens reach puberty.
Some hens rearrange their straw while they are waiting for their egg.
Some hens take places.
A henbane is a herb
Henbane contains mainly scopolamine, especially if it is dried.
Henbane prefers light, well-drained soil in sun.
Henbane reduces mucus secretions, as well as saliva and other digestive juices.
Henbanes are herbs.
A henbit is a dead nettle
Henbit has to start from seed each year.
Henbit is a winter annual that sprouts from seeds in early fall and grows until the cold stops it.
Henbit is a winter annual weed that has oppositely arranged leaves with lobed margins.
Henbit is a winter annual while ground ivy or creeping charlie is a perennial.
Henbit is found in moist soils and can be especially troublesome in turf during early spring.
Henbit is found throughout the United States.
Henbit is in the mint family and grows as a winter annual in Arkansas.
Henbit is primarily an upright grower but can root and vine from nodes .
Henbit is typically a winter annual that usually germinates in early fall.
Henbit sprouts in the fall and has square stems and pink-purple flowers.
Henbit always has a square stem.
Henceforth cases involving wrongdoing are to be made over to the wisest men.
Henceforth love is to be boundless as the ocean.
A henchman is a criminal
Henchmen are another expression of lust.
Henchmen carry out hits in gruesome fashion.
Hendrix students can participate in more than sixty student-run organizations.
Hendrix students give their school a thumbs-up in almost every academic category.
Hengar granules are suitable.
Henisz work is intended to aid companies in honing their risk-analysis techniques.
Henna isa dye.
Hennas come from leaves.
Most hennas come from leaves.
Henrico prosecutors say the murder was related to a drug debt.
Henry County is a unique combination of a rural atmosphere and thriving business environment.
Henry County is in northeast Tennessee.
Henry County is located in southeast Iowa.
Henry County is located in the northwestern portion of Illinois.
Henry County is located in the Outer Bluegrass Region of Kentucky.
Henry County is one of the fastest growing counties in the United States .
Henry County is the fourth fastest growing county in the nation.
Henry County is transitional between the mesic and thermic temperature regimes.
Henry O do chron.
A henry is an emu
Henries are butchers.
Henries are nuts.
Henries are people.
Henries are royalty.
Henries are saints.
Henries desire sex.
Henries have kids.
Henries is young compared with the other men who take their boats out of South Creek every day.
Henry acts as Imagires direct supervisor.
Henry almost seems to do that.
Henry answers the busy phones and assists visitors with directions.
Henry approaches the job from a different perspective.
Henry attempts to step outside it to fetch wood, but the wolves are ready to attack.
Henry backs a car through a garage door to elude the police.
Henry begins to track the affair by printing out the email and compiling it.
Henry buys and sells old paintings and lithographs.
Henry can help with family histories, organizing family reunions or detailed records searches.
Henry can solve that.
Henry chairs the committee.
Henry claims that physical beauty is most important.
Henry claims that the greatest sin in the world takes place in the brain.
Henry comes, orders respect for the French villages and people, no stealing.
Henry continues dancing.
Henry continues to offer technical advice.
Henry continues to work on the processing software and progress has been excellent.
Henry cries out.
Henry deals with animals in far less dignified circumstances.
Henry delights audiences with a repertoire that spans nearly two dozen genres.
Henry describes image processing as one of the system's biggest potential growth areas.
Henry disappears from the records shortly thereafter and had been speculated as to having died.
Henry discovers computer files chronicling the owner's private thoughts and regrets.
Henry does know what the above terminology means.
Henry does look better without the big dent.
Henry drinks liquor from a small bottle.
Henry drives a car into a large body of water trying to elude the police.
Henry encourages open discussion and resolution between attendees.
Henry encourages power boaters to go slow and watch their wake.
Henry encourages the long view.
Henry enjoys dogs, computers, and sports.
Henry enjoys hiking, classical music, and philosophy.
Henry enters the film as a mythic figure.
Henry enters the gathering from behind and overhears Warwick wishing for another ten thousand men.
Henry fixes on a distant clump of trees and runs toward it as if toward a goal.
Henry goes and works for a Doctor to make money for the orphans to live on.
Henry grows limp.
Henry handles voice and data wiring, and other telephone-related duties.
Henry heads to the fridge for a nice, cool drink.
Henry is also pleasantly surprised by new admirers.
Henry is dead on the kitchen floor.
Henry is extremely helpful and friendly.
Henry is here.
Henry is king.
Henry is no dummy.
Henry is no stranger to controversy.
Henry is no stranger to summer stock theatre.
Henry is now retired but active in various community organizations.
Henry is probably one of several cousins by that name.
Henry is relieved and relaxed by the landscape.
Henry is resolute, nonetheless.
Henry is so many contradictions.
Henry is two years old.
Henry isa emu.
Henry later is aid to have become and engineer.
Henry learns about life as an infantryman and cavalryman, as well as the glory and tragedies of war.
Henry learns early that the best way to earn love is on the field.
Henry leaves for London.
Henry leaves, is gone for three hours, and returns with nothing but a ham sandwich.
Henry lies about the head wound being from the battle.
Henry lives in a country town.
Henry lives in Australia.
Henry lives to see big buildings come tumbling down.
Henry lives under the sea.
Henry looks around and takes in the whole scene, moving horses, wounded men, and flags.
Henry looks down to the floor and takes a deep breath.
Henry looks to be a second-day bargain.
Henry manages to draw a walk.
Henry mints new coinage, featuring the harp as the emblem of Ireland.
Henry nonetheless orders the man to be set free.
Henry opens discussion on privatization and corporate entanglement in university research.
Henry orders death of all French prisoners in revenge.
Henry oversees all product order fulfillment and deliveries and invoicing.
Henry paints impressionist oil still lifes, figurative scenes and landscapes.
Henry paints predominately in acrylics.
Henry paints the house carefully.
Henry plays a gin-soaked, mouthy gambler who just happens to get very lucky.
Henry plays a struggling actor who'll do anything to get work, including professional wrestling.
Henry prepares for a flight.
Henry produces true craft in an age when such is almost a thing of the past.
Henry quickly objects.
Henry refuses, while the innocent man accepts, when they are hanged.
Henry reports feeling more energetic, more creative and more willing to express feelings and ideas.
Henry resides in the Lincoln Park area.
Henry rows the boat in the dark.
Henry runs home and bathes again.
Henry sends greetings to all classmates and friends.
Henry services the building, cleans cars and looks after the garage.
Henry shares some pointers.
Henry shaves away thickness, so that light can penetrate and reflect the green of stems.
Henry shouts louder, rocks harder.
Henry simply continues to run blindly.
Henry slides back headfirst safely.
Henry snaps some photos too.
Henry snorts, referring to the hard job of getting through the day.
Henry sorts out the right and wrong ways to respond to incidents.
Henry splashes The Rock.
Henry stands alone as the most influential landscapist to work in Ireland in the twentieth century.
Henry starts to chafe.
Henry stops riding, eyes the glass.
Henry sweats out of pure nervousness.
Henry talks about learning with respect to the neuromotor coordination.
Henry throws open the door.
Henry travels to the French palace atRouen to negotiate peace with the French king.
Henry tries to explain the power of love to solving problems, rather than hatred.
Henry tries to get out on the snow at least three times a week.
Henry understands balance in a wine list and has done a superb job here.
Henry visits downtown Cincinnati.
Henry walks into the room.
Henry works as a bingo manager at another casino in Reno.
Henry works extensively in recruiting players from all over the country.
Henry works for the family import business and visits exotic locales around the girdled earth.
Henry works out at the boxing gymnasium.
Henry often risks provoking furious outrage from the audience.
A hepadnavirus is an animal virus
All hepadnaviruses have a restricted host range.
Heparin dose is clearly the most important determinant of minor bleeding episodes.
Heparin treatment is maintained until the activity of the oral coagulant is therapeutic.
A heparin is medicine
A heparin is sugar
Heparin preserves nitric oxide activity in coronary endothelium during ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Heparin works by direct effect on the coagulation cascade and provides good anticoagulation.
Heparin works immediately and stops working quickly after being stopped.
Heparins are blood thinner.
Heparins are drugs.
Heparinized tubes are always the least sensitive.
Hepatic adenoma creates an increase in vascularity which can result in bleeding episodes.
Hepatic adenoma is an unusual complication of pregnancy.
Hepatic adenomas are usually solitary and are associated with a history of oral contraceptive use.
Hepatic adenomas are usually solitary lesions.
Hepatic amebiasis occurs as a result of the parasite invading of the liver via the portal vein.
Hepatic cells recognize the exposed asialo hormone.
Hepatic cirrhosis is one such example.
Hepatic coma is the end-stage of the process.
Hepatic dysfunction is the presenting feature in more than half of patients.
Hepatic encephalopathy is a complication of end-stage cirrhosis and fulminant hepatic failure.
Hepatic encephalopathy is a syndrome of abnormal brain function resulting from liver disease.
Hepatic encephalopathy is caused by a buildup of bilirubin in the bloodstream.
Hepatic encephalopathy is caused by disorders affecting the liver.
Hepatic encephalopathy is central nervous system illness caused by severe liver disease.
Hepatic encephalopathy is usually mild and is treated with medicine taken by mouth.
Hepatic failure can occur in severely ill patients and is of grave prognosis.
Hepatic failure increases the risk for toxicity.
Hepatic function is altered as measured by bilirubin and prothrombin time.
Hepatic impairment implies that care is needed in calculating effective dosages.
Hepatic insufficiency can lead to decreased metabolism of estrogenic compounds.
Hepatic lesions are variable.
Hepatic lipase binds heparin.
Hepatic lipidosis is a condition of the liver caused by an overload of fats.
Hepatic lipidosis is a relatively common problem in SACs.
Hepatic lipidosis is currently an important issue as it is being increasingly identified.
Hepatic lipidosis is much more common in cats, but dogs can also get it.
Hepatic lipidosis is one of the reasons that veterinarians encourage proper weight control for cats.
Hepatic lipidosis is the most common consequence even in relatively thin animals.
Hepatic metastases are a major cause of death in patients with disseminated colorectal cancer.
Hepatic metastases are also common.
Hepatic metastasis is also present and visible.
Hepatic necrosis begins about seven days after infection.
Hepatic necrosis is the major adverse reaction of acetaminophen.
Hepatic porphyria is a defect in porphyrin metabolism of the liver.
Hepatic resection increases the morbidity of the surgical management of colorectal disease.
Hepatic rupture is a rare, but often lethal, complication.
Hepatic toxicity can be a problem with acetaminophen, especially when alcohol is also present.
Hepatic toxicity occurs when high doses are used and in patients with a history of alcohol abuse.
Hepatic tumors represent an increasing clinical problem.
Hepatic ultrasound shows granulomatous hepatitis.
Hepatic venography defines the extent of thrombosis and any vena caval involvement.
Hepatic vessels are patent on imaging studies.
A hepatic is a nonvascular plant
Hepatics strengthen and tone the liver as well as stimulate the flow of bile.
Hepaticas are among the first flowers to bloom in the spring.
Hepaticas are usually the first woodland wildflowers to bloom in the spring.
Hepatitis b diets improve health.
Hepatitis b diets improve liver health.
Hepatitis b vaccines consist of proteins.
Hepatitis b virus surface antigen induces immune responses.
Hepatitis b virus surface antigen induces responses.
Hepatitis c treatments cause effects.
Hepatitis c treatments cause side effects.
Hepatitis viruses are enteroviruses.
Hepatitis viruses are viruses.
Hepatitis viruses can cross the placenta to infect an unborn child.
Hepatitis viruses live in body fluids, blood, saliva seminal fluid etc.
All hepatitis viruses can cause active and chronic hepatitis.
All hepatitis viruses cause chronic inflammation of the liver.
Hepatitis associates with hepatitis b virus infection.
Hepatitis associates with infection.
Hepatitis causes fevers.
Hepatitis is a liver disease
Hepatitis is an infectious disease
Hepatitis isa disease.
Hepatitis leads to damage.
Hepatitis leads to liver damage.
Hepatitis leads to major damage.
All hepatitis is caused by a virus that attacks the liver.
Most hepatitis causes fevers.
Most hepatitis leads to damage.
Most hepatitis leads to liver damage.
Most hepatitis leads to major damage.
Some hepatitis leads to cirrhosis.
Some hepatitis leads to death.
Hepatobiliary scans are useful in determining the patency of the cystic duct.
Most hepatoblastoma tumors originate in the right lobe.
Hepatocellular adenomas are large, fleshy, well circumscribed, and encapsulated tumors.
Hepatocellular carcinoma has a variable macroscopic appearance.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is cancer that arises from hepatocytes, the major cell type of the liver.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is carcinoma
Hepatocellular carcinoma is liver cancer.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is much more common in males than in females.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is one of the leading causes of cancer death in the world.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is one of the most common cancers worldwide.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is one of the most prevalent malignant diseases in the world.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is one of the ten most common carcinoma in the world.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is the most common primary hepatic cancer.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is the most common type of liver cancer.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is the most common type of primary liver cancer.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is the most frequent tumor worldwide.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is the predominant primary malignancy of the liver.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is the technical term for liver cancer.
Hepatocellular carcinoma refers to a primary malignant tumor or tumors found in the liver.
Most hepatocellular carcinoma is from cirrhosis .
Most hepatocellular carcinoma is from cirrhosis.
Hepatocellular damage is minimal, and healing is complete.
Hepatocellular disease is disease of the liver.
Hepatocellular dysfunction is suggested by hypoproteinemia, hypoalbuminemia, hypoglobulinemia.
Hepatocellular necrosis is present.
Hepatoerythropoietic porphyria is similar clinically, but porphyrin patterns are different.
Hepatoid adenocarcinomas have a tendency to metastasize to the liver.
A hepatoma is carcinoma
Hepatomas occur with increased frequency in patients with long standing hemochromatosis.
Hepatophyta gametophytes are either thallose or leafy.
Hepatorenal syndrome is almost always fatal unless liver transplantation is performed.
Hepatorenal syndrome is almost always fatal unless the liver is replaced.
Hepatotoxic agents cause a significant proportion of hepatocytes to die by apoptosis.
Many hepatotoxic drugs cause more severe injury in livers of older persons.
Hepatotoxic effects are an uncommon but well-documented complication of niacin therapy.
A hepatotoxin is a toxin
Hepatotoxins are cyclic peptides, or ringed amino acid chains.
Hepatotoxins are toxins that attack the liver.
Hepburn system is much newer than that.
A heptagon is a figure
Heptagon also produces non-reissue records.
Heptane is a highly flammable chemical used in building tires.
Heptane is one of the many components of gasoline.
Heptane is paraffin
Heptane isa compound.
HERA line includes furniture, cabinet and display lighting systems.
Heraclitic influences are at work in the field of genetic medicine.
Herald of Truth is committed to distributing Bibles wherever they are needed.
A herald is a messenger
Herald announces rules of the lists, including striking the black or white shield.
Herald announces rules of the lists.
Herald gives brief speech.
Herald is an English monthly news-magazine.
Herald is led by a team of experienced mining professionals.
Herald is Pakistan's most widely-read and respected monthly news magazine.
Herald praises the gods and speaks of the horrors of war.
Herald reads about a book a day.
Herald reports scriptorum and heraldry meetings are iffy at the moment.
Herald reports to Chorus that the Greeks have won.
Heralds are human too.
Heralds are insects.
Heralds are messengers.
Heralds are newspapers.
Heralds can be people, objects or acts of nature.
Heralds make announcements about what is going on.
Most heralds are delighted to help.
Heraldic badges are wonderful things.
Any heraldic cries done on a throat in such condition can cause damage.
Heraldic devices decorate the surcoats of the donkey, goat, and falcon.
Heraldic influences are clearly at work in the flags of Quebec, Wales and the state of Maryland.
Some heraldic researchers believe that the Sea Dog was based on early descriptions of a beaver.
Heraldic seals provide another contemporary source of information.
Herb drinks become insipid and disagreeable by standing.
A herb garden is a garden
Herb garden is on left.
Herb gardens are a natural and healthy hobby.
Herb gardens are beautiful and beneficial.
Herb gardens are delightful garden projects.
Herb gardens are fun and easy to grow.
Herb gardens are gardens.
Herb gardens are ideal for decks near kitchens.
Herb gardens are now an essential section in many botanical garden plantings.
Herb gardens are simple to maintain, and are so useful.
Herb gardens display annual and perennial herbs.
Herb gardens do well here and are becoming more and more popular.
Herb gardens have special appeal.
Herb gardens thrive on good soil with good drainage.
Herb tea is good.
Herb tea is provided before and after each treatment.
Herb tea is tea
Herb tea is tea.
Herb tea made from dill is useful against flatulence and colic, especially for children and infants.
Herb teas are also an alternative.
Herb teas are fine if the package says that it has no caffeine.
Herb teas are fun, inexpensive, and good drinking.
Herb teas are herbs.
Herb teas are widely available.
Herb teas contain more unwanted germinal spores.
Some herb teas contain pepper, and some cheeses contain paprika.
A herb is a tracheophyte
HERB advertises for local, regional, and national companies, as well as non-profit organizations.
Herb advises diversifying across asset classes and investment styles, and to understand investments.
Herb asks the waiter.
Herb believes in having fun.
Herb blows the shofar and for a few moments the synagogue is filled with more than ghosts.
Herb brings a great personality to the job and has a most impressive array of power and hand tools.
Herb butters, popcorn and potato seasonings, teas.
Herb combines quick response and attention to detail with a strong creative style.
Herb cover effects on tree seedling patterns in a mature hemlock-hardwood forest.
Herb enjoys reading, travel, walking and fishing.
Herb flavored vinegar is a great gift for any cook.
Herb grabs a strut, secures the plane, and hustles off for the gas hose.
Herb has a fear of communication.
Herb has a keen and sensitive eye.
Herb has a state director responsibility sheet.
Herb has an extensive list of fact sheets available on-line.
Herb has more than twenty-five years of practical sales management experience.
Herb has two display screens which can be seen from all sides of the heavily traveled intersection.
Herb hopes to complete a dessert cookbook someday.
Herb improves function of liver, lungs and spleen.
Herb isa tracheophyte.
Herb joins students for lunch at an elementary school in Green Bay.
Herb likes to quickly boil sheephead fillets and place the pieces on a salad.
Herb lives and dies with that test.
Herb lives at Apt.
Herb loves sports, reading and ideas, music and painting.
Herb loves tennis.
Herb meets with students at a Wausau elementary school.
Herb offers the full range of creative, media, training and consulting services.
Herb paints in a realist style using subjects from nature and historic places.
Herb plays arrangements in many different settings.
Herb raises an interesting regarding resource allocations.
Herb raises some fundamental questions in terms of remedies.
Herb rub combinations are another adventurous way to treat a turkey.
Herb runs the general store right here in Lynchburg.
Herb runs very hard.
Herb seeds Online ordering of culinary herbs.
Herb seeks financial help from Homer.
Herb takes on an occasional writing or consulting project for universities in various countries.
Herb teaches in the health sciences department.
Herb teaches simple guitaristic shapes from which single note soloing can be derived.
Herb tiptoes out.
Herb travels internationally looking for tropical plants.
Herb varieties that have gone out of fashion.
Herb walks into the hot waterfall, and walks out a guy.
Herb works for depression.
Herb's a community leader against gang violence and is committed to finding jobs for the unemployed.
Herb's a lot more of a straight, serious, dry kind of guy.
Herb's a pretty decent guy.
Herbs actually have a rich tradition in cancer treatment.
Herbs add colour, texture and fragrance to the garden.
Herbs add distinctive taste.
Herbs add flavor to foods without adding calories or fat.
Herbs add flavor.
Herbs add nourishment and medicinal properties.
Herbs add pleasing flavors to food.
Herbs add refresh flavor.
Herbs add taste.
Herbs add zest to life.
Herbs also add a lot of great flavor.
Herbs also contribute to a healthy garden plot by repelling pests.
Herbs also have a life force and constitution.
Herbs also have the very unique capacity to nourish and bring about greater levels of nourishment.
Herbs also help to clear the toxins out of the body post treatment.
Herbs also make great holiday decorations.
Herbs also nourish, regulate, cleanse and help the body heal itself.
Herbs also take up less space to grow and dry easily, yet add a great touch to any dish.
Herbs also thrive on humid air.
Herbs also work well in pressed flower arrangements.
Herbs are a blessed source of what is missing from stale processed food.
Herbs are a crucial part of cooking, especially rosemary and basil.
Herbs are a first choice for many indoor gardeners.
Herbs are a food to help build the body back to health.
Herbs are a gentle way to promote healing.
Herbs are a good choice to plant indoors for children.
Herbs are a good example of beautiful decorative gardens that are functional and low maintenance.
Herbs are a good plant for the window garden.
Herbs are a gradual and safe way to build and maintain health.
Herbs are a great asset in a landscape designed for low water use.
Herbs are a great thing to grow.
Herbs are a little more worrisome.
Herbs are a natural way to find pain relief.
Herbs are a slow, safe way to build and maintain health.
Herbs are a slow, safe, remedy.
Herbs are a variety of naturally found products that have medicinal properties.
Herbs are a vital component of potpourri and scented crafts and other products for the home.
Herbs are a way to strengthen and tone the body's systems.
Herbs are a wholesome, natural food for the health of our bodies.
Herbs are a wonderful addition to the diet.
Herbs are a wonderful treat.
Herbs are all the rage.
Herbs are also divided into strengthening and clearing categories.
Herbs are also good for horses and occur naturally in the wild.
Herbs are also great ways to enhance immune system activity.
Herbs are also important in detoxification.
Herbs are also incredibly easy to grow.
Herbs are also popular.
Herbs are also rich in chromium.
Herbs are also sun-lovers because their aromatic oils are developed through exposure to heat.
Herbs are also useful in strengthening the body to prevent or avoid illness in the first place.
Herbs are also very effective in treating menstrual pain and disorders.
Herbs are also very forgiving once established.
Herbs are always a good idea.
Herbs are among the easiest plants to grow.
Herbs are among the most satisfying and useful plants to grow.
Herbs are among the prettiest plants in our yard.
Herbs are an entirely different and broad subject.
Herbs are an excellent way to cut down on salt in cooking, because they bring out flavors of food.
Herbs are an important line of defence.
Herbs are an intricate part of the purification process.
Herbs are annual, bennial and perennial plants that die back each year after blossoming.
Herbs are another favorite for indoor gardeners.
Herbs are another growth area.
Herbs are another option.
Herbs are any plant that anyone has a use for.
Herbs are aromatic plants whose leaves, stems and flowers are used as flavoring.
Herbs are aromatic plants, parts of which have very pleasing odors and tastes.
Herbs are at the heart of Mediterranean cooking.
Herbs are available fresh or dried.
Herbs are available in a variety of forms.
Herbs are available late spring through early fall.
Herbs are beautiful allies for women to use throughout their lives.
Herbs are beneficial in maintaining good animal health.
Herbs are big business and they have gone mainstream.
Herbs are by definition the leaves of plants and spices are the aromatic parts of plants.
Herbs are cheap even free.
Herbs are chemically complex - several elements work synergistically.
Herbs are compact foods that cleanse, nourish, stimulate, enhance, strengthen, and speed healing.
Herbs are comparatively safe and healthy, and have been used since long a colouring agents.
Herbs are concentrated foods that have been used by man for centuries.
Herbs are concentrated foods, many of which are known to help the body heal itself.
Herbs are delightful and versatile.
Herbs are different from spices.
Herbs are dry when they crack and break into bits and powder.
Herbs are dry when they crumble off the stem.
Herbs are easy to grow and use.
Herbs are easy to grow as compared to other plants.
Herbs are easy to grow, and resist pests and diseases.
Herbs are especially good kitchen garden choices.
Herbs are essentially manifestations of light.
Herbs are extremely complex and incapable of being reproduced in a laboratory.
Herbs are extremely effective and easy to use.
Herbs are fairly easy to grow and many come back year after year.
Herbs are fantastic.
Herbs are few but distinctive.
Herbs are first and foremost foodstuffs that nourish the body in precise and well-defined ways.
Herbs are food and help build the body naturally.
Herbs are food from mother earth.
Herbs are food which feed the body to help the body heal itself.
Herbs are food.
Herbs are for use and delight.
Herbs are fragrant plants grown for use as flavor in cooking and for medicinal purposes.
Herbs are fresh, measured chopped and packed down.
Herbs are from our own garden.
Herbs are from the chef's garden.
Herbs are full of vitamins and minerals.
Herbs are fun to grow and use.
Herbs are generally available individually or in combination in capsule or extract form.
Herbs are generally sparse.
Herbs are generally subtle in their effect so one doesn t want to be too subtle in the approach.
Herbs are generally very safe and mild compared to drugs.
Herbs are great because they are calorie free and enhance, rather than hide the flavor of food.
Herbs are great for the novice gardener.
Herbs are great mixed with vegetables in the garden.
Herbs are healthy, ask any of our faithful.
Herbs are herbs, but with the h pronounced.
Herbs are high in vitamins and minerals and other nutrients that nourish and build the body.
Herbs are important supplements to nutrition.
Herbs are in their whole form.
Herbs are incredibly useful plants surrounded by intrigue and mystery.
Herbs are incredibly versatile.
Herbs are just as likely to be at fault.
Herbs are just nature's chemical factory plus they have the added problem of purity of dosage.
Herbs are less regulated than drugs.
Herbs are less toxic than prescription drugs.
Herbs are located in forests.
Herbs are massive because food is fundamentally BIG, and relatively low margin to patent medicines.
Herbs are medicine.
Herbs are medicines and aids.
Herbs are mixed and spirits are consulted.
Herbs are more effective when used in a formula.
Herbs are more potent than the pills.
Herbs are more than a reductionist view of their chemistry.
Herbs are more than drugs.
Herbs are more yin in the sense that they work from the inside out.
Herbs are most beneficial as nutrients.
Herbs are most effective if properly prepared.
Herbs are mother nature's way of enriching our lives with mouth watering tastes and fabulous aromas.
Herbs are names.
Herbs are nature s way of helping our bodies to come into balance.
Herbs are natures best aproach to natural well being and health.
Herbs are nature's bounty.
Herbs are nature's cleansers, rich in food-source vitamins, minerals, amino acids and enzymes.
Herbs are nature's insecticides.
Herbs are nature's nutritional bounty.
Herbs are no exception to the rule.
Herbs are no longer folklore.
Herbs are non-woody annual, bennial and perennial plants that die back each year after blossoming.
Herbs are now available in a number of formats, both traditional and modern.
Herbs are nutritious, too.
Herbs are often better suited in milder or subclinical conditions.
Herbs are often the first things planted, and the first things ready for harvest.
Herbs are often ugly.
Herbs are okay, too.
Herbs are one means for regaining and maintaining our inner balance.
Herbs are one of the many plants that grow great in containers.
Herbs are particularly fun to work with.
Herbs are particularly people-friendly.
Herbs are perrenials.
Herbs are plants, plants that have special properties for animals.
Herbs are plants.
Herbs are plants.
Herbs are powerful healers, but they can also be very toxic if used incorrectly.
Herbs are powerful natural foods.
Herbs are powerful.
Herbs are primarily plants, but also can be derived from animals and minerals.
Herbs are really just food.
Herbs are rich in trace minerals which are the foundation of life.
Herbs are simple to grow.
Herbs are simply botanicals that are consumed to treat an illness.
Herbs are small plants that have a fleshy or juicy stem when they are young .
Herbs are small plants that have a fleshy or juicy stem when they are young.
Herbs are so gentle yet very powerful.
Herbs are so undemanding.
Herbs are soft succulent plants which usually grow in the temperate zone.
Herbs are some of the easiest plants to grow.
Herbs are sparse and few.
Herbs are spices' green, leafy counterparts.
Herbs are sufficiently dry when they are brittle and crumble easily.
Herbs are supposedly most effective when taken in tincture form.
Herbs are the easiest plants to grow for any gardener.
Herbs are the fragrant leaves of plants like marjoram, mint, rosemary, and thyme.
Herbs are the fragrant leaves of such plants as marjoram, mint, rosemary, and thyme.
Herbs are the functional ingredients in most medications.
Herbs are the leafy parts of plants.
Herbs are the leaves of fresh or dried plants.
Herbs are the leaves of temperate-zone plants.
Herbs are the most nutritious of all foods.
Herbs are the natural treatments, often easily available in our own vicinity.
Herbs are the safest approach for most health problems.
Herbs are the world's most interesting plants.
Herbs are to eaten by one's mouth, if the herbs are palatable.
Herbs are used in many religions .
Herbs are useful and pleasurable to grow, thriving easily in many situations.
Herbs are usually safer than bio meds.
Herbs are vascular plants.
Herbs are versatile.
Herbs are very easy plants to grow and can even be grown indoors.
Herbs are very effective and extremely safe for treating symptoms if used as directed.
Herbs are very powerful medicinal foods when grown, harvested and processed properly.
Herbs are very tough plants, seeming to thrive on neglect.
Herbs are welcome because they add nutrients as well as flavor to food.
Herbs are well known for their ability to combat coughs.
Herbs are wonderfully aromatic and make a nice addition to garden bouquets.
Herbs are yet another story.
Herbs are, for the most part, a safe and effective way of increasing health.
Herbs are, in fact, medicines in smaller dosages.
Herbs associated with liver toxicity include chaparral, comfrey and coltsfoot.
Herbs attract bees.
Herbs become more flavorful.
Herbs begin to oxidize soon after they are ground.
Herbs blend well with a lot of summer fruits and vegetables, creating unique flavors.
Herbs boost the immune system and stimulate specific organic functions for a short time.
Herbs bring new health to many people.
Herbs build, strengthen, and repair body systems naturally.
Herbs can add interesting flavors to foods when salt and fat are reduced in a recipe.
Herbs can also add a lot of flavor.
Herbs can also be of great benefit.
Herbs can also be useful in asthma management.
Herbs can also cause interactions with other prescription medication.
Herbs can also do great things on the barbecue.
Herbs can also give children a true sense of the life-giving wonders of the earth.
Herbs can also interact with each other and with prescription drugs.
Herbs can also make drugs less effective.
Herbs can be a part of that care.
Herbs can be a welcome addition to winter meals.
Herbs can be an important source of minerals.
Herbs can be annual, biennial or perennial.
Herbs can be annual, biennial, or perennial.
Herbs can be annuals, biennials, or perennials.
Herbs can be attractive as well as tasty in the home.
Herbs can be container-grown close to the kitchen door for handy use.
Herbs can be decorative, cosmetic, aromatic, medicinal and culinary.
Herbs can be fun and are wonderful to cook with.
Herbs can be good for prostate problems, candida, high cholesterol, and other ailments.
Herbs can be helpful when used internally as well.
Herbs can be mixed to create exotic flavours, so happy brewing.
Herbs can be of great value when used in a program of self-care and preventive medicine.
Herbs can be part of an overall health maintenance program.
Herbs can be potent or benign.
Herbs can be toxic.
Herbs can be very powerful and have many effects.
Herbs can be very powerful.
Herbs can be very strong medicine, and incorrectly used can have serious side effects.
Herbs can be very supportive to the vata menstrual cycle.
Herbs can both cause and cure illness, but labels on herbal products are often unreliable.
Herbs can bring breathtaking beauty to the garden and tasty treats to the table.
Herbs can contribute to an iron toxicity.
Herbs can contribute to the flavor.
Herbs can differ enormously , depending on how and where they are grown, harvested and processed.
Herbs can enhance the rebuilding of healthy tissue as well as cleanse toxic materials from the body.
Herbs can have calm effects.
Herbs can have effects.
Herbs can have unpredictable effects, especially when taken in combination.
Herbs can have unpredictable effects, particularly if taken in combination.
Herbs can help balance the body's chemistry, helping to avoid dis-ease.
Herbs can help reduce cholesterol levels, and reduce the risk of heart disease and atherosclerosis.
Herbs can help strengthen and tone the body's systems.
Herbs can help.
Herbs can indeed cure people from Diabetes.
Herbs can only do so much.
Herbs can play an essential role in finding relief.
Herbs can play an important role in aiding a deep cleansing of the skin.
Herbs can play an important role in aiding the cleansing of the skin.
Herbs can potentially interact with other medications and therapies.
Herbs can range from rosemary to mints.
Herbs can really help change the environment in the gut.
Herbs can relieve asthma symptoms as well as add to the health of the lungs and respiratory tract.
Herbs can serve as landscape decorations and to give new or different tastes to cooking.
Herbs can transform dishes.
Herbs can withstand very dry conditions.
Herbs certainly can be quite toxic.
Herbs check it out.
Herbs Click on the product link to see description and photo.
Herbs combine both beauty and function into one plant.
Herbs come in a variety of dosages and forms, including pills, capsules, tinctures and teas.
Herbs come in different forms such as teas, tinctures, tablets, capsules, powders, and poultices.
Herbs comprise a group of several thousand plants with widely varying actions.
Herbs contain a large number of naturally occurring chemicals.
Herbs contain aromatic oils that are natural insect repellents.
Herbs contain chemicals that protect the clutch from parasites, they argue.
Herbs contain hundreds or thousands of chemicals.
Herbs contain medicine.
Herbs contain nutrients.
Herbs containing antioxidants include thyme, oregano and rosemary.
Herbs continue to be used as an alternative to and in conjunction with Modern Western remedies.
Herbs continue to grow in popularity and are perfect for the summer gardens.
Herbs continue to make inroads in health care.
Herbs do best when sown directly into the soil rather than as transplants.
Herbs do have their limits.
Herbs do much the same thing, but from the inside out.
Herbs do well in raised beds.
Herbs drown the strong taste of mutton.
Herbs end up a lot smaller than by endless chopping.
Herbs fall through the fences and lend their fragrance to the people passing by.
Herbs feed and regulate organs and glands.
Herbs feed the body and help the body to heal itself.
Herbs feed, regulate, and cleanse the body naturally.
Herbs find their way into every part of our lives here.
Herbs generally balance the system.
Herbs generally come after dietetics, which is a necessary foundation for any herbal work.
Herbs generally have different anti-bacterial actions than chemicals.
Herbs generate more energy than meat and vegetables.
Herbs give the body the raw material it needs to heal itself.
Herbs gladly cure our flesh, because that they Find their acquaintance there.
Herbs go through cycles.
Herbs grow best in an open, friable soil.
Herbs grow best in average garden soil, with plenty of sun and occasional watering.
Herbs grow best with at least six hours of sunlight a day.
Herbs grow everywhere and are inexpensive to collect.
Herbs grow from bulbs.
Herbs grow from seeds.
Herbs grow in a bag too.
Herbs grow in another plot that culinary arts students use in their cooking.
Herbs grow in areas.
Herbs grow in gardens.
Herbs grow in shady areas.
Herbs grow in temperate regions and spices come from tropical regions.
Herbs grow naturally in many different soils and climates.
Herbs grow on plants.
Herbs grow particularly well indoors.
Herbs grow to height.
Herbs grow very well in containers and can be moved inside for winter to provide fresh seasonings.
Herbs grow well in small to medium-sized pots.
Herbs grown from seed are a great way to have an indoor or windowsill garden.
Herbs grown in pots do very well.
Herbs hate to be grown where they have to compete for light and air.
Herbs hate wet feet.
Herbs have (part) cell membranes.
Herbs have (part) cells.
Herbs have (part) corpi.
Herbs have (part) cytoplasm.
Herbs have (part) nuclei.
Herbs have (part) plasma membranes.
Herbs have (part) sections.
Herbs have (part) vacuoles.
Herbs have (part) vegetables.
Herbs have a delicate vibration.
Herbs have a long list of purposes.
Herbs have a powerful effect on the body.
Herbs have a romance all their own.
Herbs have a variety of uses including culinary, medicinal, and in some cases, spiritual.
Herbs have a wide variety of germination requirements.
Herbs have all kinds of healing and restorative powers.
Herbs have amaze heal effects.
Herbs have an amazingly wide range of effects in our bodies.
Herbs have antibiotic effects.
Herbs have antimicrobial effects.
Herbs have beneficial properties.
Herbs have benefits.
Herbs have best quality.
Herbs have calm effects.
Herbs have chemical properties just as manufactured drugs do.
Herbs have complete and integrated chemical and nutrient structures.
Herbs have concentration.
Herbs have culinary attributes and are essential for use in the kitchen.
Herbs have descriptions.
Herbs have different ways of coming to the end result than drugs.
Herbs have effects.
Herbs have functions.
Herbs have heal effects.
Herbs have health benefits.
Herbs have hundreds of applications and can easily be grown in containers.
Herbs have leaves.
Herbs have medicinal qualities but are often exempt.
Herbs have much anecdotal support from many women.
Herbs have multiple active ingredients, as well as vitamins, minerals and essential fatty acids.
Herbs have narrow leaves.
Herbs have natural healing effects on organs, blood, and various unhealthy conditions.
Herbs have odor.
Herbs have other benefits.
Herbs have other health benefits.
Herbs have oval leaves.
Herbs have profound healing abilities without the evil side effects of modern synthesized drugs.
Herbs have properties.
Herbs have quality.
Herbs have rejuvenative qualities entirely missed by standardization.
Herbs have roots.
Herbs have same effects.
Herbs have side effects.
Herbs have smell.
Herbs have such a natural power, and they can transform a simple spell into a very powerful one.
Herbs have surprising effects on the skin.
Herbs have the benefit of buffered multi-property characteristics.
Herbs have the property of flavor, energy and action.
Herbs have their effect because they encourage teaching at the cellular level.
Herbs have their place as does Western medicine.
Herbs have three major functions.
Herbs have toxic effects.
Herbs have toxic side effects.
Herbs have use.
Herbs heal the aura.
Herbs heal the spiritual body.
Herbs heal the subtle, vital energies of the physical body.
Herbs help bring out the flavor of the catfish without adding unwanted fat and calories.
Herbs help bring the body more into balance, supporting proper function.
Herbs help cleanse and purify the body without side effects.
Herbs help give the body what it needs to take care of itself.
Herbs help rebuild the body, calm the nerves and make sleeping easier during withdrawal.
Herbs help the body do what it knows best.
Herbs help the body to cleanse or build itself or both.
Herbs include basils.
Herbs includes fungi, ginseng, ginkgo and red dates.
Herbs increase the natural self-healing power of the body.
Herbs interact in complex ways with our body chemistry, and their power to heal is formidable.
Herbs is a fun and simple strategy game where players make their moves simultaneously.
Herbs is a perfect gift for anyone who is interested in the many uses of herbs.
Herbs is published four times a year.
Herbs listed as abortifacients have a strong potential to cause a miscarriage.
Herbs listed as emmenagogues help promote and regulate mentruation, something to avoid in pregnancy.
Herbs lose their flavor pretty quickly, and are best if used up in a year or two .
Herbs lose their freshness much faster than ordinary tea leaves.
Herbs lose their intensity and fade out over time, with exposure to heat and light.
Herbs make a good insect repellent.
Herbs make a lot of promises.
Herbs make beautiful houseplants too.
Herbs make excellent cash crops.
Herbs make great edging plants.
Herbs make up diets.
Herbs naturally contain vitamins and minerals that our bodies require.
Herbs occur in habitats.
Herbs offer a much more interesting array of flavors.
Herbs originate from sources.
Herbs originate in regions.
Herbs overall take a longer time to create changes.
Herbs pay triple dividends in good looks, good flavors, and good scents.
Herbs perform different actions in the body.
Herbs play a significant role in healing and bring good luck.
Herbs play an important role in the life cycle of butterflies.
Herbs possess creep roots.
Herbs possess roots.
Herbs prefer a slightly alkaline soil.
Herbs produce flowers.
Herbs produce yellow flowers.
Herbs promote good health naturally.
Herbs promote healing by encouraging natural reactions such as sweating or bowel movement.
Herbs promote self-healing tendencies and thus improve the immune system.
Herbs promote self-healing tendencies for rapid weight loss and thus improve the immune system.
Herbs promote self-healing tendencies for weight loss and thus improve the immune system.
Herbs promote the body's natural good bacteria.
Herbs provide a widely accepted means of maintaining and improving one's health.
Herbs provide flavor.
Herbs provide many phytochemicals that are lacking in the modern diet.
Herbs provide potentiating compounds, protective properties against toxins in some cases, etc.
Herbs provide raw materials the body needs to cleanse and rebuild itself.
Herbs provide the best way to correct any disorders.
Herbs range in use from cooking spices and aromatics to powerful medicines.
Herbs ranging from peppermint to lavender are great in baths.
Herbs reach height.
Herbs reach tree height.
Herbs really are so versatile.
Herbs Receive our monthly email newsletter.
Herbs reduce inflammation.
Herbs remain the primary source of medicine for most people on our planet.
Herbs represent the fastest growing segment of sales in the mainstream marketplace today.
Herbs require a growing medium with good drainage.
Herbs require at least six hours of sunlight.
Herbs require little space or care, and once established, most provide a continuous harvest.
Herbs require water.
Herbs seem to work better when in combination with similar acting herbs.
Herbs simply create an environment unfavourable for bacterial survival.
Herbs sound great and so do some blueberry bushes.
Herbs speed up the body s natural healing processes.
Herbs stimulate and strengthen the immune system.
Herbs stimulate the body functions, thereby aiding the body in healing itself.
Herbs strengthen immune function and lessen an allergic response when the system is over stimulated.
Herbs Take cuttings of herbs, such as sage and thyme.
Herbs take over gardens.
Herbs tend to be easier to grow from seed than other plants.
Herbs tend to be used more as a transitory treatment when horses have a specific illness or problem.
Herbs tend to have fewer side effects than prescription drugs.
Herbs tend to lose flavor more rapidly than ground pepper, ginger, cinnamon and cloves.
Herbs thrive in containers and require little care.
Herbs use for flavour.
Herbs Used in foods and for health, herbs can be an important tool for maintaining our bodies.
Herbs valued for their roots are especially vulnerable, because the entire plant is harvested.
Herbs vary in cost.
Herbs work a number of different ways inside the human body.
Herbs work at a much deeper level and address the actual cause of symptoms.
Herbs work completely differently than drugs.
Herbs work faster on an empty stomach.
Herbs work gently.
Herbs work in much the same way as conventional drugs, via their chemical make-up.
Herbs work slower than drugs.
Herbs work synergistically with the body and without disturbing the natural balance of the body.
Herbs work to balance the body, so that it can create the best possible health for itself.
Herbs yield seeds.
Herbs yield to butterscotch and smoke on an impressive finish.
Herbs always have more flavor when they are fresh.
Herbs always work better with food.
Herbs always work, they work because they are only feeding the body.
Herbs often have several different associations or symbolic correspondences.
Herbs often survive when the tender vegetables are getting eaten up during the summer.
Herbs usually contain more than one active ingredient.
Herbs usually do well in the same environment and soil conditions as flowers.
Herbs usually give better results when taken in a tea or extract form.
Herbs usually grow in the temperate zone and include oregano, thyme, marjoram, and rosemary.
Herbs usually have a mild flavor while spices tend to have a stronger, pungent flavor.
Herbs usually work best when taken on an empty stomach .
All herbs are highest quality, and standardized.
All herbs are in the form of tinctures, extracts, ointments, and creams.
All herbs are organic, no dyes or additives used in processing.
All herbs are organic, no dyes, oils or additives used in processing.
All herbs are organic, whenever possible, and are of the highest quality commercially available.
All herbs are products of bio-dynamic farming.
All herbs are subject to availability.
All herbs have the capacity to be toxic.
Any herb can cause an allergic side effect in some individuals.
Every herb has a characteristic mineral content and a corresponding typical ash content.
Every herb has a unique sphere of action.
Every herb has constituents that offer particular benefits both in health and in ill-health.
Every herb is said to have the property of being either cool, cold, warm, or hot.
Every herb is shown in a full color photo for easy identification.
Every herb looks for a place and soil that suits it best.
Many herbs also can increase the chance of bleeding.
Many herbs also have useful purposes in the garden or orchard.
Many herbs are absolutely beautiful plants.
Many herbs are adaptogenic, enhancing the body s self-regulatory capacities.
Many herbs are adaptogenic, enhancing the body's self-regulatory capacities.
Many herbs are also available as starter plants.
Many herbs are available by special order.
Many herbs are beautiful enough to jump the fence from the herb garden into the flower border.
Many herbs are both a food and a drug.
Many herbs are decorative and make beautiful ornamental plants.
Many herbs are easy to raise in the classroom.
Many herbs are edible from flower to root.
Many herbs are either annual or biennial and are therefore grown from seed each year.
Many herbs are hardy and adaptable.
Many herbs are in fact toxic to babies.
Many herbs are nice to use to make tea with.
Many herbs are perfect for containers.
Many herbs are prolific growers.
Many herbs are safe and helpful for children.
Many herbs are safe to use with babies, children and adults of all ages.
Many herbs are slightly diuretic.
Many herbs are strong medicines in and of themselves.
Many Herbs are toxic or poisonous, and therefore extremely dangerous.
Many herbs are toxic, can cause liver damage, and are unregulated.
Many herbs are useful in treating colds, usually due to their immune enhancing effects.
Many herbs are well adapted to container cultivation.
Many herbs are, by nature, self-seeding and can shed their seeds in a matter of days.
Many herbs can be addictive after long term improper use.
Many herbs can be keep for a year if stored properly.
Many herbs can interact with prescription medications and cause unwanted or dangerous reactions.
Many herbs contain high amounts of flavonoids.
Many herbs contain powerful ingredients that can help heal the body if used correctly.
Many herbs contain powerful ingredients that, if used correctly, can help heal the body.
Many herbs facilitate the cleansing program and contribute important vitamins and minerals.
Many herbs grow in abandoned lots, parks, the cracks in sidewalks, and along roads.
Many herbs grow up in a wild state which contains magnificent energy.
Many herbs grow very quickly and can be eaten as soon as they are full grown.
Many herbs hang from the ceiling.
Many herbs have a 'hiker's view' and life-size photos of leaves, stems and blossoms .
Many herbs have a wonderful fragrance and are especially nice planted near a deck or under a window.
Many herbs have beautiful flowers that can be used in soups or garnishes.
Many herbs have health benefits.
Many herbs have medicinal properties.
Many herbs have significant antibiotic action against bacteria, viruses and fungi.
Many herbs have the ability to cleanse the body of worms.
Many herbs lend themselves to growing in containers.
Many herbs look very similar and can easily be substituted or adulterated with a cheaper herb.
Many herbs lose much of their original scent when dried.
Many herbs lose their activity when purified.
Many herbs make delicious or beneficial teas.
Many herbs make deliciously flavored teas which are soothing, relaxing, invigorating or refreshing.
Many herbs make outstanding additions to the local vegetable garden.
Many herbs make wonderful remedies for stiff joints and aching muscles.
Many herbs make wonderful, effective remedies for stiff joints and aching muscles.
Many herbs produce lovely flowers that add spectacular color to the various shades of green.
Many herbs provide the basis for medicinal potions and herbal remedies.
Many herbs require little care and thrive under less than perfect conditions.
Many herbs show remarkable effects in stimulating our own immune mechanisms.
Many herbs stimulate digestive enzymes and encourage efficient intestinal activity.
Many herbs take a while to get into the system before they start to work.
Many herbs thrive under less than perfect conditions.
Many herbs work slowly, helping the body to adjust and to rebuild itself.
Most herb is sold on sample.
Most herbs act the same way.
Most herbs add distinctive taste.
Most herbs add flavor.
Most herbs add refresh flavor.
Most herbs add taste.
Most herbs appreciate one inch of water a week.
Most herbs are as easy to grow as any other annual or perennial.
Most herbs are available fresh or dried.
Most herbs are fairly low-maintenance, but they still require care and attention.
Most herbs are from the hotel's garden.
Most herbs are in markets now, including basil, dill, mint, oregano and rosemary.
Most herbs are insect-pollinated so that many are acceptable.
MOST herbs are moderately or drastically impaired when forced into such a small volume.
Most herbs are only medicinally viable for about a year from harvest.
Most herbs are perennials .
Most herbs are perennials.
Most herbs are ready to be harvested just as the flower buds first appear.
Most herbs are safe if used with sense and within a logical limit.
Most herbs are safe when taken as directed.
Most herbs are unchanged for spells relating to each other.
Most herbs are very safe if used appropriately in recommended doses.
Most herbs are very versatile, and grow well in the ground or in containers.
Most herbs are well suited to growing in containers.
Most herbs attract bees.
Most herbs can have calm effects.
Most herbs can have effects.
Most herbs contain medicine.
Most herbs contain more than one active ingredient.
Most herbs contain nutrients.
Most herbs do best in full sun.
Most herbs do well with a little higher pH than our natural soil contains.
Most herbs enjoy full sun, but a few tolerate shade.
Most herbs grow best in a well-drained, moderately rich garden soil.
Most herbs grow easily in a variety of soils and require minimal attention.
Most herbs grow from bulbs.
Most herbs grow from seeds.
Most herbs grow in areas.
Most herbs grow in gardens.
Most herbs grow in shady areas.
Most herbs grow on plants.
Most herbs grow to height.
Most herbs grow very well in Idaho.
Most herbs have a better flavour when used fresh.
Most herbs have amaze heal effects.
Most herbs have antibiotic effects.
Most herbs have antimicrobial effects.
Most herbs have beneficial properties.
Most herbs have benefits.
Most herbs have best quality.
Most herbs have better flavour when fresh.
Most herbs have better flavour when used fresh.
Most herbs have calm effects.
Most herbs have concentration.
Most herbs have descriptions.
Most herbs have effects.
Most herbs have few, usually mild, side effects that affect a small minority of people.
Most herbs have functions.
Most herbs have health benefits.
Most herbs have leaves.
Most herbs have narrow leaves.
Most herbs have odor.
Most herbs have other benefits.
Most herbs have other health benefits.
Most herbs have oval leaves.
Most herbs have properties.
Most herbs have quality.
Most herbs have roots.
Most herbs have same effects.
Most herbs have side effects.
Most herbs have such qualities, e.g. mint, fennel and rosemary, and flowers like marigold.
Most herbs have toxic effects.
Most herbs have toxic side effects.
Most herbs like to grow in a lot of sunlight.
Most herbs make up diets.
Most herbs occur in habitats.
Most herbs originate from sources.
Most herbs originate in regions.
Most herbs play well with both white and red wines, so there is still room for personal preference.
Most herbs possess creep roots.
Most herbs possess roots.
Most herbs prefer near neutral soil conditions.
Most herbs prefer to stay evenly moist and are sensitive to overwatering or soggy soils.
Most herbs produce flowers.
Most herbs produce yellow flowers.
Most herbs promote good health in more than one area.
Most herbs provide flavor.
Most herbs reach height.
Most herbs reach tree height.
Most herbs reduce inflammation.
Most herbs require full sun.
Most herbs require water.
Most herbs respond poorly to overfeeding.
Most herbs take over gardens.
Most herbs take two to three days to dry except in sand, where they can take as long as three weeks.
Most herbs taste best if grown in full sun.
Most herbs thrive in a neutral to slightly alkaline soil.
Most herbs thrive in common garden soil in a sunny spot.
Most herbs thrive in containers.
Most herbs tolerate dry conditions quite well.
Most herbs use for flavour.
Most herbs used in Chinese medicine are safe at a wide range of dosages.
Some herbs add features.
Some herbs affect blood pressure.
Some herbs affect pressure.
Some herbs also dry well.
Some herbs are actually toxic to the liver.
Some herbs are annuals .
Some herbs are annuals while others are perennial or come up year after year.
Some herbs are annuals, while others are perennial or come up year after year.
Some herbs are annuals.
Some herbs are attractive to butterflies.
Some herbs are available in limited quantities only.
Some herbs are better suited to use in a wreath than others.
Some herbs are biennials, producing flowers and seeds their second year of growth.
Some herbs are biennials.
Some herbs are especially helpful to obtain the proper physical consistency of the mixture.
Some herbs are fragrant and have flowers that can be cut.
Some herbs are fragrant bloomers with interesting foliage, and many have decorative seed heads.
Some herbs are great.
Some herbs are harmless while others can be dangerous if consumed.
Some herbs are only available from other areas of the world.
Some herbs are picked once, while others have several harvests depending on plant condition.
Some herbs are preventative, while others work to support the body's own healing system.
Some herbs are prone to adulteration, substitution, or both.
Some herbs are quicker and easier to start from cuttings than from seeds.
Some herbs are safe and effective.
Some herbs are strong pain relievers, often working best against pains of specific causes.
Some herbs are used in cooking to flavor foods .
Some herbs are used in cooking to flavor foods.
Some herbs are wild crafted and some are farmed.
Some herbs arise from rhizomes.
Some herbs arise from short rhizomes.
Some herbs bear fruit.
Some herbs become toxic if taken with certain drugs, and fatal herb-drug interactions can occur.
Some herbs can be dangerous alone when taken in excess.
Some herbs can be harmful if used incorrectly.
Some herbs can be toxic if taken at an above recommended dose.
Some herbs can cause medications to be ineffective.
Some herbs can ease the discomfort of cancer treatments.
Some herbs can have serious adverse reactions when improperly mixed with prescription drugs.
Some herbs can help, too.
Some herbs can interact with medications to produce dangerous side effects.
Some herbs can lower blood levels of antiviral drugs.
Some herbs can produce serious side effects, or react dangerously with conventional medicines.
Some herbs can raise blood pressure or interact negatively with other medications.
Some herbs clearly carry risks.
Some herbs come in powdered form.
Some herbs contain acid.
Some herbs contain iodine.
Some herbs contain vitamins.
Some herbs don t mix well with certain prescription medicines.
Some herbs even improve the flavor or growth rate of their companion vegetables.
Some herbs even reseed themselves each year after the initial planting.
Some herbs get a bitter taste after they flower and lose a lot of their flavor.
Some herbs grow at homes.
Some herbs grow in rich woodlands.
Some herbs grow in water.
Some herbs grow in woodlands.
Some herbs grow well in pots.
Some herbs grow wild right in our fields and woods.
Some herbs have a catalyst effect.
Some herbs have a cooling effect, while others have a warming effect.
Some herbs have an anticoagulant effect.
Some herbs have enemies.
Some herbs have flowers.
Some herbs have fresh rosemaries.
Some herbs have high enough levels.
Some herbs have high levels.
Some herbs have levels.
Some herbs have medicine.
Some herbs have nutritional properties and others medicinal properties and some have both.
Some herbs have oils that help repel pests .
Some herbs have pale flowers.
Some herbs have potentially serious side effects.
Some herbs have problems.
Some herbs have purple flowers.
Some herbs have reputations.
Some herbs have rosemaries.
Some herbs have such strength that they have toxic or poisonous side effects themselves.
Some herbs have values.
Some herbs have violet flowers.
Some herbs have yellow flowers.
Some herbs heal the skin and soothe inflammation and itching.
Some herbs help health.
Some herbs help overall health.
Some herbs help problems.
Some herbs help reduce pain.
Some herbs help the body to rebuild the blood and immunity.
Some herbs help urination.
Some herbs improve ability.
Some herbs improve liver functions.
Some herbs increase urination.
Some herbs interact with prescription drugs by increasing or decreasing their effects.
Some herbs irritate skin.
Some herbs listed below can treat complications of pregnancy.
Some herbs live for years.
Some herbs look good at the start of spring but get scraggly later.
Some herbs lose significant medicinal potency when dried, while others gain potency after drying.
Some herbs make beautiful decorations for the home and nice ornamental plants for the landscape.
Some herbs make wonderful clippable small hedges, which are especially nice in formal gardens.
Some herbs provide relief for a myriad of ailments, one of the best being the kava root .
Some herbs provide relief.
Some herbs reduce blood pressure.
Some herbs reduce pressure.
Some herbs relax intestinal muscles.
Some herbs relax muscles.
Some herbs relax valves.
Some herbs require harvesting in the morning dew and others in the afternoon sun.
Some herbs require longer periods of stratification as noted in the text.
Some herbs require maintenance.
Some herbs send meanings as well.
Some herbs stimulate, while other relax and calm.
Some herbs taste good when smoked.
Some herbs use for fevers.
Some herbs use for purposes.
Some herbs work extremely well for a particular ailment.
Herbaceous angiosperms are the dominant plants in the marsh.
Herbaceous associates are variable.
Herbaceous cover is dense at most California jewelflower sites.
Herbaceous cover varies, depending upon openness of stands.
Herbaceous flower plants provide nectar.
Herbaceous ornamentals vary widely in their tolerance to drought.
Herbaceous peonies are the most common type.
Herbaceous peonies grow from thickened, tuberous roots.
Herbaceous perennial plants belong to families.
Herbaceous perennial plants consist of leaves.
Herbaceous perennial plants consist of short stems.
Herbaceous perennial plants consist of stems.
Herbaceous perennial plants have stems.
Herbaceous perennial plants produce basal leaves.
Herbaceous perennial plants produce leaves.
Herbaceous perennial plants produce rhizomes.
Herbaceous perennial plants produce underground rhizomes.
Herbaceous perennials are ones that freeze back to the ground each winter.
Herbaceous perennials are the best colorful flowers for the mountains.
Herbaceous perennials come back from their roots.
Many herbaceous perennials have short generations.
Most herbaceous perennials grow and flower for several years.
A herbaceous plant is a tracheophyte
Herbaceous plants are apt to bend rather than snap like a woody plant.
Herbaceous plants are common where sunlight reaches the floor of the forest.
Herbaceous plants belong to families.
Herbaceous plants belong to parsley families.
Herbaceous plants belong to plantain families.
Herbaceous plants belong to sunflower families.
Herbaceous plants can provide seasonal interest and colorful accents.
Herbaceous plants come and go with the seasons.
Herbaceous plants consist of leaves.
Herbaceous plants consist of short stems.
Herbaceous plants consist of stems.
Herbaceous plants die back to the ground each winter.
Herbaceous plants grow in habitats.
Herbaceous plants grow in native habitats.
Herbaceous plants grow on floors.
Herbaceous plants grow on forest floors.
Herbaceous plants grow to height.
Herbaceous plants have arrangements.
Herbaceous plants have buds.
Herbaceous plants have chemical properties.
Herbaceous plants have internal arrangements.
Herbaceous plants have leaves.
Herbaceous plants have naked buds in which the outer leaves are green and somewhat succulent.
Herbaceous plants have no woody stem above ground, and they grow and die back on a regular cycle.
Herbaceous plants have properties.
Herbaceous plants have stems.
Herbaceous plants have unique chemical properties.
Herbaceous plants have unique properties.
Herbaceous plants invade environments.
Herbaceous plants lack secondary growth even if a cambium layer is present.
Herbaceous plants produce basal leaves.
Herbaceous plants produce completely new stems each year.
Herbaceous plants produce leaves.
Herbaceous plants produce rhizomes.
Herbaceous plants produce underground rhizomes.
Herbaceous plants provide nectar.
Herbaceous plants reach height.
Herbaceous plants undergo growth.
Many herbaceous plants have underground stems called rhizomes.
Many herbaceous plants survive frost by storing food in underground stems, roots, or leaves.
Most herbaceous plants belong to families.
Most herbaceous plants belong to parsley families.
Most herbaceous plants belong to plantain families.
Most herbaceous plants belong to sunflower families.
Most herbaceous plants consist of leaves.
Most herbaceous plants consist of short stems.
Most herbaceous plants consist of stems.
Most herbaceous plants grow in habitats.
Most herbaceous plants grow in native habitats.
Most herbaceous plants grow on floors.
Most herbaceous plants grow on forest floors.
Most herbaceous plants grow to height.
Most herbaceous plants have arrangements.
Most herbaceous plants have buds.
Most herbaceous plants have chemical properties.
Most herbaceous plants have internal arrangements.
Most herbaceous plants have leaves.
Most herbaceous plants have properties.
Most herbaceous plants have unique chemical properties.
Most herbaceous plants have unique properties.
Most herbaceous plants invade environments.
Most herbaceous plants produce basal leaves.
Most herbaceous plants produce leaves.
Most herbaceous plants produce rhizomes.
Most herbaceous plants produce underground rhizomes.
Most herbaceous plants provide nectar.
Most herbaceous plants reach height.
Most herbaceous plants root at almost any season.
Most herbaceous plants undergo growth.
Some herbaceous plants develop from rhizomes.
Some herbaceous plants develop from underground rhizomes.
Some herbaceous plants grow in basal rosettes.
Some herbaceous plants grow in rosettes.
Some herbaceous plants live only five to six years.
Some herbaceous plants produce fruit.
Herbaceous species vary with forest type.
Many herbaceous species grow in association with white oak.
Some herbaceous species are toxic to livestock.
Herbaceous stems are soft, green and flexible.
Herbaceous stems are the stems of annual, biennial or perennial herbaceous plants.
Herbaceous stems die back to the ground every year.
Herbaceous stems have outer surfaces.
Herbaceous stems have smooth outer surfaces.
Herbaceous stems have smooth surfaces.
Herbaceous stems have surfaces.
Most herbaceous stems have outer surfaces.
Most herbaceous stems have smooth outer surfaces.
Most herbaceous stems have smooth surfaces.
Most herbaceous stems have surfaces.
Some herbaceous stems have buds.
Some herbaceous stems have terminal buds.
Herbaceous vegetation is at the receiving end of much of the herbivory in modern communities.
Herbacious plants are most often short lived plants and most often limited in size.
Herbage isa herb.
Herbages have (part) cell membranes.
Herbages have (part) cells.
Herbages have (part) corpi.
Herbages have (part) cytoplasm.
Herbages have (part) nuclei.
Herbages have (part) plasma membranes.
Herbages have (part) sections.
Herbages have (part) vacuoles.
Herbages have (part) vegetables.
Herbages provide sustenance.
Herbal abortifacients tend to be mild poisons.
All herbal aids give faster results in six days a week instead of seven.
Herbal alternatives can be effective for treating anxiety, as well as body work like massage.
Herbal antioxidants combat free radical damage.
Herbal aromas dominate the bouquet, while flavors of lemon and pear entice the palate.
Herbal arrangements are pleasing and add fragrance and beauty.
Herbal bathing is another approach.
Herbal blend Contains the following five herbs and two essential oils.
All herbal blends are for external use only.
Herbal body rubs.
Herbal body wraps, loofa scrubs, body shampoo scrubs and massages.
Herbal capsules are readily available and easy to use.
Herbal companies offer it fresh or dried and in capsules.
Herbal compounds are still very much in popularity.
Some herbal cooks keep a canister of rose geranium scented sugar on the counter to use in desserts.
Herbal counseling is available to all clients.
Herbal creams allow the skin to breathe and sweat.
Herbal decongestants are also a recent addition to the category.
Herbal drugs are cheap, readily available and unadulterated.
Some herbal drugs can also cause allergic reactions, according to meeting reports.
Herbal experts recommend celery seed oil to cure kidney problems, bladder troubles, and cystitis.
Herbal extract is as effective as prostate drug, study suggests.
Herbal extracts affect the physical body and thus rely on the physical parts of the plant.
Herbal extracts are easier to dose.
Herbal extracts are highly concentrated liquid herbs that have a long shelf life.
Herbal extracts sold in the U.S. are a gamble on all four counts.
Every herbal extract is standardized and certified for exacting purity levels.
More herbal flavor is held in in a stuffed, wrapped baked fish.
Some herbal folklore refers to basil as an herb for lovers.
Herbal formulas are a gift from nature.
Herbal formulas cost a few cents a day.
Herbal formulas offer a more comprehensive balancing of energies in various parts of the body.
Herbal formulas promote the body's ability to balance itself naturally.
Herbal formulas tend to be created for a single patient and their specific pattern of disharmony.
Herbal formulas use plants in their natural forms, rather than isolated extracts.
Most herbal formulas contain six to twelve herbs in various combinations.
Herbal formulation improves lactate metabolism during recovery.
Herbal formulations work in a subtle manner that is harmonious with the body s healing processes.
Herbal healing is largely a matter of strategy.
Herbal healing takes place on several levels.
Herbal highs create an experience of deep physical and emotional relaxation.
Herbal honeys are especially nice for glazing meats.
Herbal laxatives are either bulk-forming or stimulating.
Herbal magicians are notoriously practical people.
Herbal manufacturers insist it is quite limited.
Herbal medications are believed to be useful for cancer and chemotherapy side effects.
Herbal medications can induce reactions.
Many herbal medications have their place in therapy.
Herbal medicine abounds with great substitutes for store-bought toothpaste.
Herbal medicine can be a valuable source of assistance for traditional medicine.
Herbal medicine can be effective.
Herbal medicine can be helpful to almost everybody.
Herbal medicine can be quite powerful.
Herbal medicine contains one of the largest bodies of knowledge and literature in existence.
Herbal medicine dates back many centuries.
Herbal medicine fits all the criteria of the scientific method.
Herbal medicine has a broad range of uses.
Herbal medicine has an impressive track record in treating migraines and chronic headaches.
Herbal medicine has most to offer when used to facilitate healing in chronic ongoing problems.
Herbal medicine has much to offer women in the treatment of symptoms associated with menopause.
Herbal medicine is a safe and effective method of treatment using only plant material.
Herbal medicine is a very complicated subject.
Herbal medicine is a wellknown cure for an immense variety of disease for thousands of years.
Herbal medicine is alternative medicine
Herbal medicine is alternative medicine.
Herbal medicine is an ancient mainstay of traditional Chinese practice.
Herbal medicine is as ancient as the rain forests and as current as today's headlines.
Herbal medicine is big business here.
Herbal medicine is just that, using parts of plants to help provide relief and improve one's health.
Herbal medicine is medicine.
Herbal medicine is never the total answer to health problems.
Herbal medicine is often times employed to dry the damp and clear the heat.
Herbal medicine is one of the oldest forms of medicine known.
Herbal medicine is quite unique.
Herbal medicine is simply gentler and safer than chemical medicine.
Herbal medicine is taken three times a day for seven days a week during that time.
Herbal medicine is the mainstay of traditional Chinese medicine.
Herbal medicine is the most ancient form of health care known to humankind.
Herbal medicine is the most ancient form of health care known to man.
Herbal medicine is the most common form of alternative treatment.
Herbal medicine is the oldest form of healthcare known to mankind.
Herbal medicine is the oldest form of medical treatment throughout the world.
Herbal medicine is the oldest known form of medicine.
Herbal medicine is the use of herbs to promote improved health and well-being.
Herbal medicine is the use of plants for medicinal purposes.
Herbal medicine is the use of plants for medicine without chemical processing.
Herbal medicine is the wave of the future.
Herbal medicine is very supportive in the management of anxiety and is well indicated.
Herbal medicine needs closer regulation.
Herbal medicine works to aid the body by giving it the extra push it needs to fight a disease.
Herbal medicines are like mild drugs and help mild symptoms of some health conditions.
Herbal medicines are simply plants used as medicines.
Herbal medicines are slow to act.
Herbal medicines can be beneficial to some individuals.
Herbal medicines can interact with other substances.
Herbal medicines can make claims about effects on structure or function of the body.
Herbal medicines come in several forms.
Herbal medicines come in various forms.
Herbal medicines come out of a folk tradition.
Herbal medicines contain pharmacologically active chemical ingredients, in other words drugs.
Herbal medicines dont have to meet any standards of effectiveness or safety.
Herbal medicines have the added advantage of less government regulation than traditional medicines.
Herbal medicines offer a gentle, effective and safe alternative medical approach.
Herbal medicines work a lot like conventional drugs.
Many herbal medicines can provide relief from migraine headache.
Most herbal medicines are fairly safe, and produce few side effects.
Most herbal medicines are the based of green leaves, which contain many natural, health ingredients.
Most herbal medicines used by practitioners are in the form of liquid concentrated extracts.
Some herbal mixtures promise peppiness.
Herbal notes yield to soft tannins.
Herbal painkillers can bring relief and have no side effects.
Herbal patents are well referenced.
Most herbal perennials thrive in full sun, but some grow well in shade, too.
Many herbal plants repel insects, such as thyme and garlic.
Some herbal powders repel fleas and can be sprinkled in bedding areas.
Many herbal practitioners recommend three grams of sweet annie powder a day.
Herbal preparation are safe to take with prescription drugs.
Herbal preparations are effective in clearing and reducing premenstrual symptoms.
Herbal preparations can also cause harmful drug interactions.
Herbal preparations can vary widely, making the concentration of ingredients often inconsistent.
Many herbal preparations have some effect on blood sugar levels.
Some herbal preparations contain none of the active ingredients they claim.
Herbal prescriptions work as medicine for the body but have no real side effects.
Herbal producers have no such liability.
Herbal products are available for internal cleansing, candida and parasite programs.
Herbal products are chemicals.
Herbal products are their best bet.
Herbal products can also interfere with the absorption and effectiveness of other medications.
Herbal products can be just as confusing.
Herbal products do have benefit for use with residents of long-term care facilities.
Herbal products fall under the category of dietary supplements.
Herbal products have potential to help many of our animal patients.
Herbal products vary greatly.
Herbal products vary widely, simply because of the nature of the plants and the processing.
All herbal products are for use other than consumption.
All herbal products are for uses other than consumption.
Many herbal products contain more than one herb.
Many herbal products have no warnings posted at all.
Most herbal products are bitter.
Most herbal products become ineffective on the first rapid pass through the liver.
Some herbal products are effective and do have legitimate uses.
Herbal quality seems to be growing.
Herbal relief is safe and natural.
Herbal remedies advertise weight loss and instant relief from long-term health problems.
Herbal remedies are a hot commodity, with sales creating a billion-dollar industry.
Herbal remedies are a safe and natural way to improve and maintain good health.
Herbal remedies are alive and well in the twentieth century.
Herbal remedies are available to ease symptoms.
Herbal remedies are completely different and much more sensitive and holistic.
Herbal remedies are especially popular.
Herbal remedies are far from benign.
Herbal remedies are far from innocuous.
Herbal remedies are fast growing market.
Herbal remedies are increasingly popular and are the source of much consternation in the industry.
Herbal remedies are on the rise as medicines disappear.
Herbal remedies are only prepared from the leaves.
Herbal remedies are only prepared from the rhizome.
Herbal remedies are popular.
Herbal remedies are primarily non-toxic and have low side effects.
Herbal remedies are safe because they're natural.
Herbal remedies are used simultaneously with pharmaceuticals.
Herbal remedies can cause reactions leading to intense illness or even death.
Herbal remedies can interfere with cancer treatment.
Herbal remedies can sometimes be a supplement to or a substitute for conventional medical care.
Herbal remedies can work for children as well as adults.
Herbal remedies come in many forms.
Herbal remedies contain a variety of oils, a number of which are dangerous to cats.
Herbal remedies contain many chemical ingredients, some helpful and others dangerous.
Herbal remedies contain many chemical ingredients.
Herbal remedies continue their growth spurt.
Herbal remedies have a place in wellness and health care.
Herbal remedies have few, if any side - effects and can readily be adapted for use in children.
Herbal remedies have good evidence for efficacy.
Herbal remedies play a role in patient care in some integrated practices.
Herbal remedies remain in common use in native American healing.
Herbal remedies vary widely.
Herbal remedies work well also.
Many herbal remedies are particularly relevant to the treatment of hyperactivity in children.
Many herbal remedies offer a mild form of treatment with very beneficial effects.
Most herbal remedies are probably safe for most people, at least in the short run.
Some herbal remedies appear to be as effective as prescription drugs.
Some herbal remedies are very useful in benign prostatic hypertrophy.
Some herbal remedies can also cause asthma.
Some herbal remedies can have negative effects when mixed together or taken with prescription drugs.
Some herbal remedies contain stimulant agents, such as ephedra.
Some herbal remedies have no side effects or show no interactions with other drugs or remedies.
Some herbal remedies relieve symptoms without interfering with the healing process.
Herbal repellents are safe and effective.
Herbal rinses are gentle and only coat the hair shaft.
Herbal sales threaten purple coneflower and prairies.
Herbal scents balance the sweetness of the garden's floral perfumes.
Herbal soups are double-boiled to preserve most of the ingredients' nutrients.
Herbal steam allows the pores to open, freeing the oil ducts and hair follicles of impurities.
Any herbal stimulant is just that, a stimulant.
Herbal supplements address horses' health needs.
Herbal supplements are a safe and effective way to help reduce blood pressure.
Herbal supplements are also quite popular.
Herbal supplements are as of yet unproven.
Herbal supplements are best to leave alone during pregnancy.
Herbal supplements are recommended in the diet for some horses.
Herbal supplements containing phytoestrogens are available over the counter.
Herbal supplements differ from the pills doctors prescribe.
Herbal supplements require no such regulation.
Many herbal supplements have potential side-effects that are far from trivial.
Herbal supplier offers products, resources and facts about ayurvedic medicine.
Herbal tea finds appropriate environment to thrive in the eastern hills of the country.
Herbal tea helps nausea, gas pains and fevers.
Herbal tea is a delightful production of individual teapot, strainer, and honeypot.
Herbal tea is a good alternative.
Herbal tea is a good idea.
Herbal tea is good as well.
Herbal tea is located in cupboards.
Herbal tea is naturally caffeine-free.
Herbal tea is recommended in case of respiratory disorders such as bronchial and cardiac asthma.
Herbal tea is tea
Herbal tea varies quite a lot.
Herbal teas are a good source of herbs, but read the ingredients.
Herbal teas are a great alternative to the usual sugary drinks.
Herbal teas are a variety of different dried vegetable leaves.
Herbal teas are an excellent vehicle for detox.
Herbal teas are available on request.
Herbal teas are caffeine-free, and have never contained caffeine.
Herbal teas are excellent for digestive and urinary tract problems.
Herbal teas are good replacements for coffee.
Herbal teas are good substitutes when used with caution.
Herbal teas are healthy, refreshing and can be sweetened to taste with honey or dried licorice root.
Herbal teas are naturally caffeine-free.
Herbal teas are popular.
Herbal teas are very nice to sip in the evenings as they are caffeine-free.
Herbal teas can be drunk to reduce stress, nausea, or a sore throat.
Herbal teas contain no true tea leaves.
Herbal teas have a calming effect.
Herbal teas have their own characteristic virtues.
Some herbal tea can be harmful to some people, so be sure to know what is in the tea.
Some herbal tea can reduce symptoms of dysmenorrhea.
Some herbal teas act as antihistamines such as basil, chamomile, fennel, tarragon and oregano.
Some herbal teas are also diuretic in action.
Some herbal teas require hours of cooking time.
Most herbal texts attribute the actions of elecampane to alantolactone.
Some herbal texts extend the therapeutic use to pneumonia and asthma .
Herbal therapies are probably the most dangerous.
Herbal therapies employ individual or mixtures of herbs for therapeutic value.
Herbal therapies have important biological activities and are in wide use for numerous diseases.
Herbal therapies have, and continue to be used to treat many of the ailments that plague mankind.
Herbal therapy is therapy
Some herbal therapies can be useful for skin conditions.
Herbal tinctures are a popular and effective form of concentrated herbal supplements.
Herbal tisanes are, with a few exceptions, caffeine free.
Herbal tonics are a popular way to cleanse.
Herbal treatment helps curb urge to drink .
Herbal treatment is another form of holistic healing.
Herbal treatments are available, if unproved in the scientific literature.
Herbal treatments are the only solution to solve the problems of thinness.
Herbal treatments can be as effective as medications, but they take longer to be effective.
Herbal treatments provide natural remedies in balanced formulation.
Herbal vinegars are a great way to add vitamins, minerals and medicinal qualities to our food.
Herbal vinegars are a wonderful addition to any homemade salad dressing or cooking project.
Herbal vinegars lend flavour to dishes such as stirfries and salad dressings.
Herbal wraps help relax muscles, soothe soreness and soften skin.
Herbal wraps help relax the muscles, soothe soreness and soften skin.
Herbal wraps help relax the muscles, soothe soreness, and soften skin.
A herbal is tea
Herbals are another matter.
Herbals can also help users attain or maintain health.
Herbals have an interest for others besides botanists.
Herbals is a multimedia presentation on several of the most important ancient botanical herbals.
Some herbals interact with other medications.
Some herbals seem to be demonstrating some clinical efficacy for particular conditions.
Herbalife colour cosmeticsproducts.
Herbalife products are the best weight loss products.
Herbalife products provide a great way to lose weight and to make money from home.
Herbalife products provide a great way to lose weight, and to make money from home.
A herbalist is a therapist
Herbalist consider garlic to be a first-rate digestive tonic.
Herbalist use it as an excellent reducing aid, although very bitter.
Herbalists agree that cleansing is an important part of building good health.
Herbalists also have their favorite herbs for treating respiratory tract allergies and hay fevers.
Herbalists also prescribe herbal teas, ointments, creams, pessaries, suppositories and capsules.
Herbalists also recommend it for suppressing coughs and, externally, for treating wounds and cuts.
Herbalists also recommend it to decrease menstruation and relieve mentrual cramps.
Herbalists are therapists.
Herbalists believe that astragalus and echinacea are most effective.
Herbalists believe that certain herbs are helpful for mental clarity and concentration.
Herbalists call ginger a warming herb because it heats the system.
Herbalists call it an adaptogen.
Herbalists classify it as an astringent because it is rich in tannin, a toning substance.
Herbalists combine horseradish and honey for coughs and asthma treatments.
Herbalists commonly use sage in treating night sweats, angina, and inflammations.
Herbalists consider calendula a rejuvenating herb.
Herbalists consider echinacea to be a powerful immune system booster.
Herbalists consider goldenseal one of the best herbs around.
Herbalists consider hawthorn to be the world's best heart tonic.
Herbalists credit it with increasing and inducing a sense of well-being.
Herbalists get online.
Herbalists predominantly use alcoholic extracts of herbs called tinctures to influence the body.
Herbalists primarily recommend kelp as a natural source of minerals.
Herbalists recommend taking three capsules, four times a day, to dissolve kidney stones.
Herbalists regard burdock as a specific long term remedy for eczema and other skin disorders.
Herbalists rely recommend only herb for a condition as illnesses have many symptoms.
Herbalists say that impacted lymph mucus can be shifted slowly with herbs.
Herbalists say that it relieves vaginal dryness associated with menopause and menstrual problems.
Herbalists suggest blue gum eucalyptus candles for relieving stress-related illnesses.
Herbalists suggest that it promotes longevity and, in large doses, is an aphrodisiac.
Herbalists treasure the healing qualities of certain flowers, leaves and roots.
Herbalists try to find the underlying cause of an illness rather than treat the individual symptoms.
Herbalists use it and speak highly of it.
Herbalists use it largely in pill form and powdered.
Herbalists use it to kill bacteria and fungi and to strengthen gum tissue.
Herbalists use it to treat arthritis in carefully prepared preparations.
Herbalists use several remedies for migraine, but the best evidence is for feverfew.
Herbalists use the cornsilk part of the fruit, also referred to as stigmata maidis.
Herbalists use the flowers.
Herbalists use the stems, leaves, bark and roots of plants to treat and prevent illness.
Herbalists view dandelion as a valuable plant with important medicinal uses.
Herbalists frequently recommend bloodroot pastes and salves for the treatment of warts .
Herbalists frequently recommend bloodroot pastes and salves for the treatment of warts.
Herbalists often offer suggestions about nutrition and lifestyle as well as herbs to take.
Herbalists often recommend passion flower for times of extreme emotional upset .
Herbalists often work from the premise that a combination of compounds more beneficial.
Herbalist usually use the root of the dandelion plant, which is dried and ground to a powder.
Herbalist usually use the root of the dandelion plant.
Many herbalists believe herbs work best over time when taken regularly in small doses.
Many herbalists believe that for every disease there is a herbal cure.
Many herbalists believe that the best supplements contain a combination of two or more species.
Many herbalists claim that burdock root oil can even promote hair growth.
Many herbalists consider it one of the most powerful herbs.
Many herbalists divide herbs into groups, depending on what they do.
Many herbalists recommend combining fennel and dill.
Many herbalists recommend detoxification at the change of seasons, particularly spring and fall.
Many herbalists recommend goldenseal for flu.
Many herbalists recommend it as a blood purifier.
Many herbalists recommend sweet fennel mixtures to relive hiccups, nausea, and vomiting.
Many herbalists say burdock root can stop cancer cells from metastasizing.
Many herbalists say that the root can stop cancer cells from mastasizing.
Many herbalists use an approach similar to orthodox medicine.
Many herbalists use echinacea as a virtual panacea for infection and immune boosting.
Most herbalists believe herbs work best when taken regularly, in small doses over a period of time.
Most herbalists believe that it is wise to avoid excessive and long-term use of licorice root.
Most herbalists consider ginseng to be the most powerful herb of all.
Most herbalists favor the latter, although all three techniques are now used extensively.
Some herbalist also use borax.
Some herbalists also suggest it for motion sickness.
Some herbalists also use borax.
Some herbalists employ the seeds as an implantation preventer.
Some herbalists even consider oats and kava to be mild sexual enhancers.
Some herbalists prefer to cover the fresh herb with boiling water, cool it a bit, and then apply.
Some herbalists prescribe to help alleviate athlete s foot, ringworm and eczema.
Some herbalists say the milky substance from the stem treats warts.
Some Herbalists say to take some as a laxative.
Some herbalists use fresh herbs that are organically grown or wildcrafted.
Some herbalists use it to handle snake bites and rabies.
Some herbalists use the leaves.
Herbalogue listings are also available for print media.
A herbarium is a collection
Herbarium presses use heavy weight on top to flatten plants.
Herbarium specimens on line.
Herbariums are collections.
Most herbaria have no public exhibits.
Herbicidal action is a biological effect.
Herbicidal oils dissolve membranes directly.
Herbicidal soaps can very effectively kill plant parts with which they come in contact.
Herbicide resistance increases chemical use in agriculture.
Herbicide resistance is mobile since it spreads by both pollen and seed.
Herbicide resistance is now a major problem for cropping systems throughout Australia.
Herbicide resistance poses a threat to crop production in many countries.
Herbicide can be useful in controlling large sweet clover populations in degraded areas.
Herbicide is a chemical
Herbicide is chemicals.
Herbicide is pesticide.
Herbicide kills weeds.
Herbicide works best on poison oak that has already formed berries.
Herbicides act by interfering with specific processes in plants.
Herbicides affect processes that occur when the plant grows.
Herbicides also control vegetation well.
Herbicides also have a major affect on the wildlife.
Herbicides appear to be a major pollutant at all times and locations.
Herbicides appear to work better when combined with competitive crops.
Herbicides applied by aircraft in forestry unavoidably appear in small quantities in forest waters.
Herbicides are a crucial tool in our efforts to control weeds.
Herbicides are a different story.
Herbicides are a generic organic form of pesticides.
Herbicides are a stopgap while researchers look for a solution.
Herbicides are also available to reduce the population.
Herbicides are also available.
Herbicides are also economical and effective.
Herbicides are also pesticides.
Herbicides are an effective tool where high quality turf is desired.
Herbicides are an essential component of crop production in Australia.
Herbicides are another alternative.
Herbicides are available depending on the crop grown.
Herbicides are available depending on the crop.
Herbicides are available for control of dandelion seedlings in cereal crops.
Herbicides are available for control.
Herbicides are available for excellent weed control.
Herbicides are available for weed control in lettuce.
Herbicides are available in broadleaf crops for suppressing quackgrass.
Herbicides are available in cereal crops, canola and peas.
Herbicides are available in most crops for control of redroot pigweed.
Herbicides are available in several formulations.
Herbicides are available that control the weed if consistently used.
Herbicides are available to control grasses in glads.
Herbicides are available to control most weeds before and after planting.
Herbicides are available, but effectiveness is inconsistent and application is difficult. .
Herbicides are available, but their selection depends on the particular crop.
Herbicides are available, but there are no biological control agents.
Herbicides are available.
Herbicides are chemicals designed to kill weeds.
Herbicides are chemicals that inhibit or interrupt normal plant growth and development.
Herbicides are chemicals that retard or kill plant growth.
Herbicides are chemicals used for killing weeds or inhibiting plant growth.
Herbicides are chemicals used to control weed growth.
Herbicides are chemicals used to kill weeds in agriculture as well as household gardens.
Herbicides are effective in eradicating the poison ivy plant.
Herbicides are effective.
Herbicides are either foliar active, soil active, or both.
Herbicides are especially dangerous when improperly handled, applied or disposed of.
Herbicides are essential to sustain yields.
Herbicides are exempt only when used as weed killers for the commercial production of plants.
Herbicides are for emergencies.
Herbicides are generally quite immobile in soil.
Herbicides are growth regulators and different herbicides have different modes of action.
Herbicides are made to target specific metabolic pathways in the target plant.
Herbicides are major contributors to control of weeds in annual crops.
Herbicides are more effective at lower weed densities.
Herbicides are most effective if applied before weeds start to bolt in the spring.
Herbicides are most effective when integrated into a total package of control measures.
Herbicides are much less effective once they have begun to head out.
Herbicides are now available to control grasses in iris beds.
Herbicides are often an important part of a weed control program.
Herbicides are often the most flexible and affordable option for thistle control in pastures.
Herbicides are only necessary when clear cutting for coniferous reforestation is practiced.
Herbicides are only substitutes for hand labor and are only as effective when properly applied.
Herbicides are place on grass in subdivisions to kill weeds.
Herbicides are poison substances used to inhibit weed growth in gardens, lawns, and fields.
Herbicides are safe and effective if product label instructions are followed.
Herbicides are the favored method of weed control for most farmers.
Herbicides are the leading type of pesticides, in terms of both user expenditure and volumes used.
Herbicides are the leading type of pesticides, in terms of both user expenditures and volume used.
Herbicides are the most widely used treatment for leafy spurge control.
Herbicides are the primary pesticide inputs.
Herbicides are therefore the preferred method of weed control.
Herbicides are toxic.
Herbicides are useful, effective tools in the control of weeds in turf areas.
Herbicides Avoid use of broad spectrum herbicides.
Herbicides Be careful when applying lawn herbicides.
Herbicides boost soil water storage.
Herbicides breakdown more slowly than normal under dry soil conditions.
Herbicides can accumulate in insects through bioaccumulation .
Herbicides can also control some common pasture weeds.
Herbicides can be expensive and potentially dangerous.
Herbicides can be less than with conventional systems.
Herbicides can be safe and effective when applied properly.
Herbicides can be toxic to aquatic plants and animals.
Herbicides can be useful if applied properly and incorporated into the overall weed control program.
Herbicides can be useful in managing persistent weeds.
Herbicides can control it, but they are either unavailable or unaffordable to most African farmers.
Herbicides can create significant economic damage to croplands in agricultural areas.
Herbicides can damage valuable plants such as ornamentals, so use care.
Herbicides can effectively eradicate giant reed.
Herbicides can harm or destroy wildlife habitats.
Herbicides can have both beneficial and harmful residual effects on the next crop.
Herbicides can have replanting restrictions.
Herbicides can kill individual tufts, which are easily hidden by vegetation.
Herbicides can occur in nature or they can be created synthetically.
Herbicides can provide a simple killing method, but many farmers use other methods, such as tillage.
Herbicides can provide cost-effective weed control with a minimum of labor.
Herbicides can save a lot of labor.
Herbicides cause burning or abnormal growth.
Herbicides cause infertility.
Herbicides cause prostate cancer.
Herbicides containing MCPA and clopyralid provide effective control when applied as a foliar spray.
Herbicides containing triclopyr can also be useful.
Herbicides control weeds effectively when applied in proper amounts at the right time.
Herbicides degrade in the soil by either chemical or biological processes.
Herbicides degrade in the soil for a number of reasons.
Herbicides destroy nitrate accumulating weeds, making pastures and forage crops safer.
Herbicides differ in the amount of time they require before becoming rainfast.
Herbicides differ in translocation within a plant.
Herbicides do so with devastating success.
Herbicides fall into three major categories.
Herbicides generally work best on young, succulent annual weeds, such as crabgrass.
Herbicides give a season's relief but little more.
Herbicides have different modes of action and can be selective in the type of plants they affect.
Herbicides have several different modes of action.
Herbicides kill mainly broadleaf weeds and grass.
Herbicides kill plants.
Herbicides offer effective control.
Herbicides play an important role in morning glory management.
Herbicides promise postemergence benefits.
Herbicides provide a convenient, economical, and effective way to help manage weeds.
Herbicides provide growers and land managers with a way to chemically manage weeds.
Herbicides provide the most effective control method.
Herbicides reduce some species of plants important as food for pheasants.
Herbicides reduce the amount and diversity of food plants available, both browse and forbs.
Herbicides refer to compounds that are used to destroy weeds and other undesirable plants.
Herbicides selectively control unwanted vegetation within the crop.
Herbicides tend to be more effective on smaller plants.
Herbicides tend to work well.
Herbicides treat the symptoms of the problem without correcting the cause.
Herbicides treat weed problems.
Herbicides used in rotations with other crops are the best means for control in sunflower fields.
Herbicides used on coastal land can kill or damage eelgrass.
Herbicides used on lawn weeds also kill aquatic plants.
Herbicides used on lawns take a terrible toll on wildlife.
Herbicides vary in their ability to translocate within a plant.
Herbicides work best during the fall.
Herbicides work best when the weed is actively growing.
Herbicides work but are labor intensive.
Herbicides work several ways to kill unwanted weeds.
All herbicides are trademarks of their manufacturers.
All herbicides are trademarks of their respective manufacturers.
All herbicides have weeds that they are strong on, and weeds they are less strong on.
All herbicides mentioned are registered trademarks of their respective manufacturers .
Every herbicide has a hole.
Many herbicides adhere to organic material and are deactivated.
Many herbicides are also difficult to obtain.
Many herbicides are available for use in corn.
Many herbicides are available to selectively remove weeds from turfgrasses.
Many herbicides are safe on a crop only when applied at a specific growth stage.
Many herbicides become more or less tightly bound to soil particles.
Many herbicides have a narrow window of maximum effectiveness.
Many herbicides have growth regulator herbicides as part of their pre mix.
Many herbicides prohibit application to crops in reproductive stages of growth.
More herbicides are available for soybeans than for sorghum.
Most herbicides are ineffective if applied while fescue is dormant or after mowing.
Most herbicides are organic compounds and are therefore basically unstable in the environment.
Most herbicides are safe for wildlife.
Most herbicides are safe if used according to label directions.
Most herbicides are somewhat toxic to newly germinated turfgrass plants.
Most herbicides become less effective when a plant is under stress.
Most herbicides can cause eye irritation.
Most herbicides cause serious injury.
Most herbicides cross membranes by simple diffusion.
Most herbicides have haying or grazing restrictions following application.
Most herbicides have the potential for moving into ground water.
Most herbicides lose activity by degrading.
Most herbicides lose activity through chemical and biological degradation.
Most herbicides show limited effectiveness against melaleuca.
Most herbicides work best if sprayed during hot weather.
Some herbicides are animal carcinogens.
Some herbicides are at less risk for resistance because they have multiple sites of action.
Some herbicides are available both as liquids and granules.
Some herbicides are available in both amine and ester formulations.
Some herbicides are available in combination with a fertilizer.
Some herbicides are available under more than one trade name.
Some herbicides are mixed with toxic herbicides and diesel fuel.
Some herbicides are more effective if applied with irrigation water.
Some herbicides are selective and can be applied over trees to kill the targeted weed species.
Some herbicides are selective, killing only broadleafed plants or grass plants.
Some herbicides are toxic to fish or other wildlife.
Some herbicides are very damaging to young seedlings.
Some herbicides are very persistent and mobile and can contaminate ground and surface water.
Some herbicides are very residual, affecting plant growth for years.
Some herbicides can be useful to spot treat smaller areas of infestation.
Some herbicides can cause corn to leaf out underground.
Some herbicides can cause similar injury to developing corn.
Some herbicides control pest broomrapes but they develop herbicide resistance.
Some herbicides damage desirable species as well.
Some herbicides do have water use restrictions.
Some herbicides even make kudzu grow better.
Some herbicides exhibit both soil and foliage activity.
Some herbicides have a narrow margin of safety between injury and effective weed control.
Some herbicides have a residual life in the soil of one, two, or more years.
Some herbicides have both preemergent and postemergent activity.
Some herbicides have crop rotation restrictions and one needs to pay close attention to the label.
Some herbicides have swimming, drinking, fishing, irrigation, and water use restrictions.
Some herbicides increase the activity of others.
Some herbicides kill every plant they contact, while others kill only certain plants.
Some herbicides kill weeds by breaking down membrane structure.
Some herbicides kill weeds by disrupting the manufacture of chlorophyll.
Some herbicides leave a residue in the soil that can damage subsequent crops.
Some herbicides leave behind grass monocultures and little food for wildlife.
Some herbicides literally burn up their target plants by over accelerating growth or metabolism.
Some herbicides make kudzu grow better and many have little or no effect.
Some herbicides persist in the soil and control all stages of plant growth.
Some herbicides reduce the activity of others.
Some herbicides require incorporation to obtain consistent weed control.
Some herbicides require that selected pond uses cease for a period of time after application.
Herbivore animals eat plants.
Herbivore diets contain adequate fiber.
Herbivore diets contain fiber.
Herbivore mammals have concentration.
A herbivore is an animal
Herbivore isa animal.
Herbivore isa beast.
Herbivore isa creature.
Herbivores also have a noticeably longer intestine than carnivores.
Herbivores are a type of heterotroughs that obtain energy by eating plants.
Herbivores are able to consume diets relatively high in fiber and low in protein.
Herbivores are an important component of the prairie ecosystem.
Herbivores are animals that eat autotrophs in order attain energy in the form of nutrients.
Herbivores are animals that eat only plant material, such as the caterpillar.
Herbivores are animals that eat only plants.
Herbivores are animals that eat plants .
Herbivores are animals that eat plants and they are placed next in the food chain.
Herbivores are animals that eat plants, while carnivores are animals that eat other animals.
Herbivores are animals that eat plants.
Herbivores are animals that eat solely on plants.
Herbivores are animals that exist mainly on a diet of plants or algae.
Herbivores are animals that feed only on plants.
Herbivores are animals which eat only vegetation such as leaves, fruit and bark.
Herbivores are animals which only eat plant material.
Herbivores are animals whose primary food source is plant-based.
Herbivores are animals, such as deer, who eat plants.
Herbivores are animals.
Herbivores are at the second level in the food chain.
Herbivores are at the second level of the food chain and mainly eat plants.
Herbivores are called primary consumers because the feed directly on producers.
Herbivores are classified based on the part of the plant consumed.
Herbivores are common, but big, fierce animals are rare.
Herbivores are considered primary consumers and are the first consumers on the food chain.
Herbivores are consumed by carnivores or by omnivores.
Herbivores are consumers that eat plants for their energy and nutrients.
Herbivores are consumers which eat the producers.
Herbivores are designed to eat and digest plants.
Herbivores are direct plant feeders.
Herbivores are eaten by the secondary consumers, or carnivores.
Herbivores are grazers, and in the ocean that means they eat phytoplankton.
Herbivores are mammals that eat plants.
Herbivores are on the opposite end of the dietary food chain from carnivores.
Herbivores are one step away from the ultimate source of energy, the sun.
Herbivores are organisms that are adapted to eat plants.
Herbivores are organisms that are anatomically and physiologically adapted to eat plant-based foods.
Herbivores are plant eaters and are primary consumers.
Herbivores are plant eaters and have flat teeth.
Herbivores are plant eaters.
Herbivores are surrounded by their food and make up the primary consumers in the food web.
Herbivores are the main seed dispersers.
Herbivores are the organisms that feed directly on producers.
Herbivores are the primary consumers and they include anything that eats grass or plants.
Herbivores are the second trophic level and graze on plants.
Herbivores are the second trophic level.
Herbivores are wildlife species that eat vegetation.
Herbivores attack plants.
Herbivores belong to the second trophic level.
Herbivores belong tothe second trophic level, and the predatorsbelong to the third level.
Herbivores can also be keystone species.
Herbivores can avoid plant defenses by eating plants selectively in space and time.
Herbivores can be very large or very small.
Herbivores can eat the whole plant.
Herbivores can have impact.
Herbivores can have major impact.
Herbivores can have reproduction.
Herbivores can keep dominant species of plants in check so that other species can grow.
Herbivores can live only where plant food is available.
Herbivores can often have several stomach chambers and a much longer digestive tract.
Herbivores can simply walk, swim, or fly up to the plants they feed on.
Herbivores can sometimes benefit the plants they consume.
Herbivores can wreak great damage.
Herbivores can, however, be picky eaters, depending on how palatable salt-marsh plants are.
Herbivores chew food.
Herbivores come in many shapes and sizes.
Herbivores compete for food.
Herbivores compete for resources.
Herbivores compete for sources.
Herbivores consume algae or plant matter such as seeds, leaves, and fruits.
Herbivores consume algas.
Herbivores consume biomass.
Herbivores consume food.
Herbivores consume grass.
Herbivores consume live plant tissue.
Herbivores consume many succulent plants.
Herbivores consume matter.
Herbivores consume only plants and get their organic compounds from the plants.
Herbivores consume plant biomass.
Herbivores consume plants, and carnivores consume herbivores.
Herbivores consume plants.
Herbivores consume sea grass.
Herbivores consume succulent plants.
Herbivores consume the carbohydrates produced by plants using photosynthesis.
Herbivores consume the constructed plant organic molecules for nutrition to run their metabolism.
Herbivores consume tissue.
Herbivores convert plant biomass into animal biomass.
Herbivores damage habitats.
Herbivores damage plants.
Herbivores depend on availability.
Herbivores depend on plants for their survival.
Herbivores depend on plants.
Herbivores eat aquatic plants.
Herbivores eat autotrophic organisms, plants, algae and autotrophic bacteria.
Herbivores eat blueberries.
Herbivores eat decay plant materials.
Herbivores eat decay vegetation.
Herbivores eat fibrous materials.
Herbivores eat flowers.
Herbivores eat food.
Herbivores eat fruit.
Herbivores eat grass.
Herbivores eat green plants.
Herbivores eat herbages.
Herbivores eat herbs.
Herbivores eat leafy plants.
Herbivores eat leaves.
Herbivores eat materials.
Herbivores eat matter.
Herbivores eat nuts.
Herbivores eat only plants, carnivores eat only meat, and omnivores eat both plants and meat.
Herbivores eat only plants, while carnivores eat only other animals.
Herbivores eat organisms.
Herbivores eat photosynthetic organisms.
Herbivores eat plant material, which is much more difficult to digest than animal tissue.
Herbivores eat plant materials.
Herbivores eat plants and release the stored energy.
Herbivores eat plants only while omnivores eat both plants and meat.
Herbivores eat plants, algae, and other producers.
Herbivores eat plants, carnivores eat meat and omnivores eat both.
Herbivores eat plants, particularly roots.
Herbivores eat plants, such as seagrass, and other photosynthetic organisms, such as algae.
Herbivores eat plants, which form the foundation of the food chain but are the toughest to digest.
Herbivores eat plants.
Herbivores eat plants.
Herbivores eat producers and are called first order consumers.
Herbivores eat producers such as plants.
Herbivores eat producers.
Herbivores eat roots.
Herbivores eat seeds.
Herbivores eat shrubs.
Herbivores eat the leaves and fruits of the forest.
Herbivores eat the plants and are at the second trophic level.
Herbivores eat the plants and convert plant proteins into animal proteins and nucleic acids.
Herbivores eat the plants, and carnivores then eat the herbivores.
Herbivores eat the plants.
Herbivores eat trees.
Herbivores eat vegetable matter.
Herbivores eat vegetables.
Herbivores eat vegetation.
Herbivores employ numerous types of feeding strategies.
Herbivores escape predation.
Herbivores feed on acacias.
Herbivores feed on berries.
Herbivores feed on fibrous food.
Herbivores feed on food.
Herbivores feed on fruit.
Herbivores feed on grass.
Herbivores feed on leaves.
Herbivores feed on plants.
Herbivores feed on potato.
Herbivores feed on the autotrophs and transform the energy of the plant into their usable form.
Herbivores feed on vegetation.
Herbivores feed upon leaves.
Herbivores feed upon the trophic level, consuming plants.
Herbivores find food.
Herbivores function in food chains and food webs as primary consumers .
Herbivores get leaves.
Herbivores get lower leaves.
Herbivores graze for long periods throughout a day to gain as much energy as possible.
Herbivores graze grassland.
Herbivores graze on grass.
Herbivores graze on plants.
Herbivores has-part glands.
Herbivores has-part guts.
Herbivores has-part stomachs.
Herbivores has-part teeth.
Herbivores have (part) brains.
Herbivores have (part) cell membranes.
Herbivores have (part) cells.
Herbivores have (part) corpi.
Herbivores have (part) cytoplasm.
Herbivores have (part) ears.
Herbivores have (part) faces.
Herbivores have (part) heads.
Herbivores have (part) nuclei.
Herbivores have (part) plasma membranes.
Herbivores have (part) sections.
Herbivores have (part) skulls.
Herbivores have (part) vacuoles.
Herbivores have ability.
Herbivores have canine teeth.
Herbivores have dentition and digestion specially adapted deal with tough plant materials.
Herbivores have diets.
Herbivores have effects.
Herbivores have front teeth.
Herbivores have growth.
Herbivores have guts.
Herbivores have it easier than carnivores, when it comes to finding food.
Herbivores have large, flat teeth that grind up plant materials.
Herbivores have large, flat teeth to pulverize the cellulose plant wall.
Herbivores have longer small intestine than carnivores.
Herbivores have longer small intestines than carnivores.
Herbivores have molars.
Herbivores have more peripheral vision - seeing with only one eye a good part of the time.
Herbivores have mouthparts.
Herbivores have organs.
Herbivores have positive effects.
Herbivores have predators.
Herbivores have stomachs.
Herbivores have sweat pores for heat control.
Herbivores have teeth that are adapted to grind fibrous plant tissue.
Herbivores have teeth.
Herbivores have weak defenses and are often prey.
Herbivores include elk.
Herbivores ingest materials.
Herbivores ingest plant materials.
Herbivores ingest toxins.
Herbivores inhibit climate-driven shrub expansion on the tundra.
Herbivores just eat less food during moonlit nights to avoid predators.
Herbivores kill plants.
Herbivores live in areas.
Herbivores live in ecosystems.
Herbivores live in forests.
Herbivores live in habitats.
Herbivores live in same areas.
Herbivores mainly eat the producers.
Herbivores make up prey.
Herbivores need drink water.
Herbivores need water.
Herbivores occupy areas.
Herbivores only consume plant material which is very difficult to digest.
Herbivores only eat plants and other things that grow on trees or the ground.
Herbivores only eat plants to get energy and nutrients.
Herbivores only eat producers.
Herbivores populate areas.
Herbivores possess bodies.
Herbivores possess bones.
Herbivores possess diets.
Herbivores possess enemies.
Herbivores possess sides.
Herbivores possess skulls.
Herbivores possess stomachs.
Herbivores prefer diseased plants.
Herbivores prefer eat grass.
Herbivores prefer gardens.
Herbivores prefer grass.
Herbivores prefer plants.
Herbivores prefer vegetation.
Herbivores procure their nutrition and energy from the plants.
Herbivores refer to animals that consume only plant products.
Herbivores rely on plants.
Herbivores rely on vegetation in their environment.
Herbivores require food.
Herbivores require grain.
Herbivores require plants.
Herbivores roam continents.
Herbivores roam earth.
Herbivores roam landscapes.
Herbivores search for dried grass under the snow.
Herbivores seek meals.
Herbivores select food.
Herbivores serve as food.
Herbivores serve as prey.
Herbivores share landscapes.
Herbivores to digest food.
Herbivores typically have adaptations towards a specialization of eating and digesting plant matter.
Herbivores use energy.
Herbivores walk on feet.
Herbivores walk on legs.
Herbivores sometimes die after getting their necks caught in branches.
Many herbivores also are ruminants.
Many herbivores are needed to support a few carnivores.
Many herbivores belong to a group called ruminants.
Many herbivores have cheek pouches in which they can store food for a while.
Many herbivores have large, dull, flat teeth.
Many herbivores spend a large part of their life eating.
Most herbivores are one or the other.
Most herbivores can have impact.
Most herbivores can have major impact.
Most herbivores can have reproduction.
Most herbivores chew food.
Most herbivores compete for food.
Most herbivores compete for resources.
Most herbivores compete for sources.
Most herbivores consume biomass.
Most herbivores consume food.
Most herbivores consume grass.
Most herbivores consume live plant tissue.
Most herbivores consume many succulent plants.
Most herbivores consume plants.
Most herbivores consume sea grass.
Most herbivores consume succulent plants.
Most herbivores depend on availability.
Most herbivores depend on plants.
Most herbivores eat aquatic plants.
Most herbivores eat blueberries.
Most herbivores eat decay plant materials.
Most herbivores eat decay vegetation.
Most herbivores eat fibrous materials.
Most herbivores eat flowers.
Most herbivores eat food.
Most herbivores eat fruit.
Most herbivores eat grass.
Most herbivores eat green plants.
Most herbivores eat herbages.
Most herbivores eat herbs.
Most herbivores eat leafy plants.
Most herbivores eat leaves.
Most herbivores eat materials.
Most herbivores eat matter.
Most herbivores eat nuts.
Most herbivores eat organisms.
Most herbivores eat photosynthetic organisms.
Most herbivores eat plant materials.
Most herbivores eat plants.
Most herbivores eat roots.
Most herbivores eat seeds.
Most herbivores eat shrubs.
Most herbivores eat trees.
Most herbivores eat vegetable matter.
Most herbivores eat vegetables.
Most herbivores eat vegetation.
Most herbivores escape predation.
Most herbivores feed on acacias.
Most herbivores feed on berries.
Most herbivores feed on fibrous food.
Most herbivores feed on food.
Most herbivores feed on fruit.
Most herbivores feed on grass.
Most herbivores feed on leaves.
Most herbivores feed on plants.
Most herbivores feed on potato.
Most herbivores feed on vegetation.
Most herbivores feed upon leaves.
Most herbivores find food.
Most herbivores get leaves.
Most herbivores get lower leaves.
Most herbivores graze grassland.
Most herbivores graze on grass.
Most herbivores has-part glands.
Most herbivores has-part guts.
Most herbivores has-part stomachs.
Most herbivores has-part teeth.
Most herbivores have ability.
Most herbivores have diets.
Most herbivores have effects.
Most herbivores have front teeth.
Most herbivores have growth.
Most herbivores have guts.
Most herbivores have molars.
Most herbivores have mouthparts.
Most herbivores have organs.
Most herbivores have positive effects.
Most herbivores have predators.
Most herbivores have teeth.
Most herbivores ingest toxins.
Most herbivores kill plants.
Most herbivores live in areas.
Most herbivores live in ecosystems.
Most herbivores live in forests.
Most herbivores live in habitats.
Most herbivores live in same areas.
Most herbivores make up prey.
Most herbivores occupy areas.
Most herbivores populate areas.
Most herbivores possess bodies.
Most herbivores possess bones.
Most herbivores possess diets.
Most herbivores possess enemies.
Most herbivores possess sides.
Most herbivores possess skulls.
Most herbivores possess stomachs.
Most herbivores prefer eat grass.
Most herbivores prefer gardens.
Most herbivores prefer grass.
Most herbivores prefer plants.
Most herbivores prefer vegetation.
Most herbivores rely on plants.
Most herbivores require food.
Most herbivores require grain.
Most herbivores require plants.
Most herbivores seek meals.
Most herbivores select food.
Most herbivores serve as food.
Most herbivores serve as prey.
Most herbivores share landscapes.
Most herbivores use energy.
Most herbivores walk on feet.
Most herbivores walk on legs.
Some herbivores acquire energy.
Some herbivores adapt to diets.
Some herbivores affect abundances.
Some herbivores affect aquatic plant abundances.
Some herbivores affect availability.
Some herbivores affect decomposition.
Some herbivores affect nutrient availability.
Some herbivores are located in mangroves.
Some herbivores are more successful at feeding on damaged hosts.
Some herbivores are very aggressive.
Some herbivores attract carnivores.
Some herbivores avoid consumption.
Some herbivores become hosts.
Some herbivores become specialists.
Some herbivores benefit from absence.
Some herbivores browse on trees.
Some herbivores browse raspberry, but in general, it offers relatively poor forage.
Some herbivores carry capacity.
Some herbivores cause damage.
Some herbivores cause deterioration.
Some herbivores consume moss.
Some herbivores consume nutrients.
Some herbivores consume only dead plant material.
Some herbivores control plants.
Some herbivores depend on producers.
Some herbivores eat algae.
Some herbivores eat algas.
Some herbivores eat any plant matter they can find.
Some herbivores eat cacti.
Some herbivores eat eucalyptuses.
Some herbivores eat kelp.
Some herbivores eat meat.
Some herbivores eat moss.
Some herbivores eat pear cacti.
Some herbivores eat plant flowers.
Some herbivores eat prickly cacti.
Some herbivores eat prickly pear cacti.
Some herbivores eat producers.
Some herbivores eat seaweed.
Some herbivores feed on algas.
Some herbivores feed on marine algas.
Some herbivores feed on materials.
Some herbivores feed on nectar.
Some herbivores feed on plant materials.
Some herbivores find in rainforests.
Some herbivores find in tropical rainforests.
Some herbivores follow fire.
Some herbivores graze in grassland.
Some herbivores graze on algas.
Some herbivores graze on plants and others browse.
Some herbivores graze on woodlands.
Some herbivores has-part incisors.
Some herbivores have bacteria.
Some herbivores have biomass.
Some herbivores have breakdowns.
Some herbivores have cheek pouches.
Some herbivores have competitive outcomes.
Some herbivores have develop incisors.
Some herbivores have hands.
Some herbivores have harvesters.
Some herbivores have incisors.
Some herbivores have outcomes.
Some herbivores have plants.
Some herbivores have pouches.
Some herbivores have similar outcomes.
Some herbivores have the ability to break down the chemicals in their body without being harmed.
Some herbivores have upper hands.
Some herbivores invade ground.
Some herbivores kill mature trees.
Some herbivores kill trees.
Some herbivores live in communities.
Some herbivores live in regions.
Some herbivores live in shore communities.
Some herbivores make gases.
Some herbivores possess enzymes.
Some herbivores possess food.
Some herbivores possess horns.
Some herbivores prefer forests.
Some herbivores prefer ground.
Some herbivores prefer habitats.
Some herbivores prefer nests.
Some herbivores provide food.
Some herbivores reach height.
Some herbivores release energy.
Some herbivores sense infection.
Some herbivores sense parasitic infection.
Some herbivores solve problems.
Some herbivores use chemicals.
Some herbivores use complex chemicals.
Herbivorous animals are vegetarians meaning that they only eat plants.
Herbivorous animals build strong muscles and bones from grass and leaves alone.
Herbivorous animals can digest it.
Herbivorous animals consume vegetation.
Herbivorous animals depend on plants.
Herbivorous animals eat diets.
Herbivorous animals eat fiber diets.
Herbivorous animals eat grass.
Herbivorous animals eat high fiber diets.
Herbivorous animals eat matter.
Herbivorous animals eat plants.
Herbivorous animals eat primary producers.
Herbivorous animals emerge from burrows.
Herbivorous animals feed on kinds.
Herbivorous animals feed on plants.
Herbivorous animals have food preference.
Herbivorous animals have preference.
Most herbivorous animals depend on plants.
Most herbivorous animals eat diets.
Most herbivorous animals eat fiber diets.
Most herbivorous animals eat grass.
Most herbivorous animals eat high fiber diets.
Most herbivorous animals eat matter.
Most herbivorous animals eat plants.
Most herbivorous animals emerge from burrows.
Most herbivorous animals feed on kinds.
Most herbivorous animals feed on plants.
Most herbivorous animals have food preference.
Most herbivorous animals have preference.
Some herbivorous animals eat leaves.
Some herbivorous animals eat primary producers.
Some herbivorous animals eat producers.
Some herbivorous animals graze on flowers.
Some herbivorous animals resemble rabbits.
Herbivorous arthropods expend energy.
Most herbivorous arthropods expend energy.
Herbivorous birds have long necks.
Herbivorous birds have necks.
Most herbivorous birds have long necks.
Most herbivorous birds have necks.
Some herbivorous birds live on leaves.
Some herbivorous creatures eat phytoplankton.
Herbivorous diets help health problems.
Herbivorous diets help problems.
Herbivorous diets require digestion.
Most herbivorous diets help health problems.
Most herbivorous diets help problems.
Most herbivorous diets require digestion.
Some herbivorous diets help blood pressure.
Some herbivorous diets help high blood pressure.
Some herbivorous diets help high pressure.
Some herbivorous diets help pressure.
Some herbivorous dinosaurs have teeth.
Herbivorous fishes find their own food in algae growing on fiber- glass walls.
Herbivorous insects are, of course, a big problem for crops.
Herbivorous insects depend on plants for food.
Herbivorous insects require food.
Herbivorous insects require fresh food.
Most herbivorous insects require food.
Most herbivorous insects require fresh food.
Some herbivorous insects chew holes.
Some herbivorous insects consume cactus fruit.
Some herbivorous insects consume fruit.
Herbivorous lizards bask and there is some suggestion that they select high temperatures.
Herbivorous mammals have large back teeth with wide surfaces.
Herbivorous mammals inhabit rivers.
Many herbivorous mammals have wide molar s.
Most herbivorous mammals inhabit rivers.
Some herbivorous mammals are very choosy.
Some herbivorous mammals inhabit streams.
Some herbivorous reptiles face problems.
Herbivorous species can also be important seed dispersers, particularly on island habitats.
Herblock cartoons are unmistakable.
Herbsaint liqueur turns up in at least one dish in every course on the menu here.
All herd bulls are semen checked before each breeding season.
Some herd tests indicate infection.
A herd is an animal group
Herd isa group.
Herds also allow horses to protect the weakest members of the group.
Herds also continue to be released from quarantine by testing.
Herds also tend to employ scouts while the rest of the herd feeds and rests.
Herds are animal groups.
Herds are composed of females and the young.
Herds are essentially harems, with a single adult male and a number of adult females and young.
Herds are fairly sedentary, adult males especially so.
Herds are formed from close social groups with complex relationships.
Herds are found in grassy plains void of rugged terrain and hills.
Herds are in good condition and livestock productivity is high.
Herds are kept together by vocalizations and a strong musk released from the dorsal gland.
Herds are led by a dominant female and a dominant male.
Herds are predominantly gender-based.
Herds are sedentary within an annual home range, or migrate altitudinally.
Herds are smallest in the summer and largest in the winter.
Herds are structured by a dominance hierarchy.
Herds are unhealthy if there are disproportionate numbers of does or young bucks.
Herds are usually all of one sex but during mating season they mix.
Herds are usually all of one sex, but during mating season they mix.
Herds bunch around calves if Hyenas are detected.
Herds can contain several hundred individuals, although many are much smaller.
Herds can get as numerous as a few hundred individuals.
Herds can threaten ground-nesting birds by trampling nests and eggs, and even eating eggs.
Herds consist of cows, calves and young bulls.
Herds consist of solitary individuals and bands.
Herds consist primarily of females and their young, with a smaller number of adult males.
Herds even graze during the daytime to utilize the heat of the sun.
Herds form part of larger related groupings called clans.
Herds have large ranges which they move slowly through, sometimes trotting.
Herds migrate to lower valleys in winter.
Herds move in single file when travelling through thorn forest, but they spread out in open areas.
Herds multiply during the Civil War.
Herds offer more security because there are many eyes, ears and noses checking for danger.
Herds offer protection from predators, such as lions.
Herds possess animals.
Herds probably serve predator avoidance function.
Herds spend much of the day grazing, spending an hour or more at each location before moving on.
Herds stand before a pastel backdrop.
Herds stay separate from one another.
Herds typically comprise members of a single sex, though female herds additionally have juveniles.
Herds use cooperation to deal with predation by wolves or dogs.
Herds vary in size from about thirty to several hundred horses.
Herds vary in terms of the age and sex of their members.
Herds wander each day.
Herds frequently forage from woodlands onto agricultural land.
Herds often experience outbreaks of pneumonia occurring in a number of calves at the same time.
Herds often join with others to form large groups called clans.
Herds sometimes congregate around salt licks and watering holes.
Herds usually contain individuals of both sexes and all ages.
All herds have cattle with different nutrient requirements.
Every herd has a pecking order.
Every herd has leaders, followers, and a well defined pecking order known as a dominance hierarchy.
Many herds have cows that are mid lactation.
Many herds have to walk farther to get to water, which impacts weight gain and efficiency.
Most herds are led by the eldest male in the group.
Most herds are on tack with the revised time lines.
Most herds benefit by treating every quarter of every cow at drying off.
Most herds have one bull and many females.
Most herds possess animals.
Most herds start out small and evolve to the size which fits the breeder's farm and financial goals.
Some herds consist of only males, others consist only of females and their young.
Some herds possess camels.
Some herds possess cattle.
Some herds prefer country-western or opera, while others like rock and roll.
Some herds seem to be doing considerably better than others.
Some herds use anionic salts to avoid milk fevers.
Herded rangelands provide the forage base for many large western sheep enterprises.
A herder is a hand
Herder opposes the Kantian dualism of mental faculties and urges the unity of the soul-life.
Herders are people.
Herders are reluctant to reduce their herds, since herd size is their primary indicator of status.
Herders are tough people.
Herders are workers.
Herders care for their land.
Herders face hardships because of overgrazing by livestock and harsh weather conditions.
Herders gather at the voting places and cast their votes as the masters of their own fate.
Herders live isolated lives and struggle for the basics.
Herders move from place to place with their livestock.
Herders now inhabit a scrubby field that supports little more than cactus.
Herders raise cattle, goats, and sheep.
Herders raise horses, sheep, goats, cattle, yaks, and camels.
Herders raise sheep in the drier regions.
Herders respond to livestock depredation by demanding compensation from the government.
Herders seek to pasture as many of their cows as possible on the village's common land.
Herders typically live in a small hut and kookskerm adjacent to the kraal .
Herders use the river as a bath for their buffaloes and cows.
Herders often take cubs from the maternal den.
Herderian glands lubricate the eyes.
Herdings are keeping.
A herdsman is a hand
Herdsmen divide viscera into edible and inedible parts.
Herdsmen even keep yaks here.
Herdsmen look afterthem as if they are looking after their own children.
Herdsmen pay more attention to choice of yak bulls for breeding than they do to the cows.
Herdwick meat is vacuum packed and ready to take home.
A here is a location
Heres are companies.
Heres are locations.
Heres image five of seven from meri .
Heres image four of seven from meri which can be viewed here .
Heres image six of seven from meri , which can be viewed here .
Heres links to professional online banner makers. . .
Heres's a sample.
A hereafter is life
Hereafter is a list of specifications related to large programmes.
Hereafter is progresssion and constant development and growth.
Hereditary amyloidosis is thought to be transmitted as an autosomal dominant trait.
Hereditary angioedema is episodic and asymptomatic in most patients.
Hereditary angioedema is inherited as an autosomal dominant condition for which there are two forms.
Hereditary ataxia is a genetic neurological disorder that affects coordination.
Hereditary ataxia is a neurological disorder that affects balance, speech, and manual dexterity.
Hereditary baldness is passed through the family.
Hereditary cancers are just a tiny percentage of all cancers.
All hereditary chiefs descend from the Thunder clan.
Hereditary criminals form a class peculiar to themselves.
Hereditary deafness is prevalent in Dalmatians.
Some hereditary diseases are characterized by degeneration.
Hereditary disorder is characterized by abnormalities.
Hereditary disorder is characterized by collagen abnormalities.
Most hereditary disorder is characterized by abnormalities.
Most hereditary disorder is characterized by collagen abnormalities.
Some hereditary disorder is caused by metabolism.
Some hereditary disorder is characterized by excretion.
Hereditary effects are also stochastic.
Hereditary elites springing from urban societies are rare.
Hereditary factors appear to play a role, but the disorder is practically never directly inherited.
Hereditary factors are an important factor contributing to obesity.
Hereditary factors are important in determining peak bone mass.
Hereditary factors are much more important than dietary factors in determining the bone mass.
Hereditary factors can play a large role in physique.
Hereditary factors cause a large percentage of hearing loss in children.
Hereditary factors do play a role in migraine headaches.
Hereditary factors play a role in that physiological vulnerability.
Hereditary factors play an important role as well.
Hereditary factors play an important role.
Hereditary factors play some part.
Hereditary forms exist in both neuropathic and myopathic pseudo-obstruction.
Hereditary hair thinning is a normal, common part of life for one out of every four women .
Hereditary hemochromatosis is a common inherited disorder of iron metabolism.
Hereditary hemochromatosis is a condition characterized by iron overload in the body.
Hereditary hemochromatosis is a disorder in which excessive amounts of iron are stored in the body.
Hereditary hemochromatosis is a genetic disease in which iron is deposited in body tissues.
Hereditary hemochromatosis is an autosomal recessive disease.
Hereditary hemochromatosis is an inherited condition.
Hereditary hemochromatosis is one of the most common genetic diseases in humans.
Hereditary hemochromatosis is remarkably common.
Hereditary hemochromatosis is the inherited tendency for some people to accumulate too much iron.
Hereditary hemochromatosis reflects a fractional increase in dietary iron absorption.
Hereditary hemochromatosis varies in clinical severity.
Hereditary illnesses are the eye and hip problems.
Hereditary influence can play a role in drug reactions.
Hereditary information is contained in genes, located in the chromosomes of each cell.
Hereditary information is contained in genes, which are carried on chromosomes.
Hereditary information is encoded in particular sequences of nucleotides.
Hereditary information moves only from germline cells to somatic cells.
Hereditary lymphedema arises spontaneously in individuals who have the genetic mutation.
Hereditary lymphedema can affect one or all limbs and sometimes other parts of the body.
Hereditary maladies extract an enormous toll.
Hereditary pancreatitis is caused by a mutation in the cationic trypsinogen gene.
Hereditary pancreatitis occurs in pockets throughout the world.
Hereditary privilege is the very antithesis of democracy.
Hereditary right is indefeasible .
Hereditary risks are due to genetic damage passed from one generation to the next.
Hereditary susceptibility has important implications for men.
Hereditary thrombocytopenia is rare.
Hereditary traits are the outcome of a definite molec- ular organization of the idioplasm.
Hereditary transmission is rare.
Hereditary tritanopia is a blue-yellow defect.
Hereditary variables differ in their effect on reproduction.
Hereditary variations are essential to the evolution of populations.
Hereditary vertigo is observed to a greater extent in men than in women.
Some hereditary witches claim their ancestors recorded secret spells and lore in little books.
Heredity accounts for much of what children become, but environment carries a heavy burden.
Heredity accounts for only one-fourth of the variation in human life spans.
Heredity affects physical growth by regulating the production of hormones.
Heredity breaks out in the eyes of the cat.
Heredity can be a key factor in developing asthma.
Heredity can be a risk factor if one or more parents are diagnosed with hypertension.
Heredity can be a risk factor if one or more parents have been diagnosed with hypertension.
Heredity can cause many skin problems.
Heredity can make some families more likely than others to get high blood pressure.
Heredity can play a role in causing clefts.
Heredity can play a role in the amount of pubic hair an individual grows.
Heredity can play a role too.
Heredity confines itself to the physical aspect of man.
Heredity contributes to height, weight, and rate of physical maturation.
Heredity defects of of the sacrum and coccyx with anterior sacral meningocele.
Heredity does play a big part in oily skin, but so do hormones.
Heredity does play a role in the development of osteoporosis.
Heredity does seem to play a part in ADs that are issued against a particular aircraft.
Heredity does seem to play a role as do allergens and environmental factors.
Heredity forms no exception to the rule.
Heredity give a continuity so physical and genetic traits can be passed on to offspring.
Heredity is a biological process
Heredity is more important than environment.
Heredity is nothing but stored environment.
Heredity is obvious, as so many families have a parent or close relative who has similar problems.
Heredity is properties.
Heredity isa process.
Heredity looms large in the picture.
Heredity overcomes education.
Heredity plays a key role in determining the general frame of a child s body.
Heredity plays a large part.
Heredity plays a major role in acquiring epilepsy.
Heredity plays a major role in allergies.
Heredity plays a major role in conformation, passed down from both sire and dam.
Heredity plays a major role in human susceptibility to many illnesses.
Heredity plays a major role in melanoma risk.
Heredity plays a major role.
Heredity plays a minor role in some cases of epilepsy.
Heredity plays a part in early reading, too.
Heredity plays a part.
Heredity plays a prominent part here as elsewhere.
Heredity plays a role in asthma.
Heredity plays a role in developing prostate cancer, as well.
Heredity plays a role in other cancers as well.
Heredity plays a role in other forms of arthritis, too, increasing susceptibility in some people.
Heredity plays a role in some cases.
Heredity plays a role in some patient's emphysema.
Heredity plays a role in stroke, especially if one or more parents suffered a stroke.
Heredity plays a role in who gets acne.
Heredity plays a role, as do diet, exercise during growth, and many other factors in the dogs life.
Heredity plays a significant role in cattle lameness.
Heredity plays a significant role in the development of acne.
Heredity plays a significant role in the development or severity of osteoporosis.
Heredity plays an especially important role in determining an individual's cholesterol level.
Heredity plays an important part.
Heredity plays an important role in the development of skin cancer.
Heredity plays only a small part in most other varieties.
Heredity plays roles.
Heredity plays the major role in determining one s personality.
Heredity plays the major role in determining one's personality.
Heredity refers to the genetic inheritance received by every individual at the time of conception.
Heredity refers to the passing of traits from parent to offspring.
Heredity refers to the transfer of biological characteristics from a parent organism to offspring.
Heredity refers to what parents transmit genetically to offspring.
Heredity results including composition of functions.
Heredity sets the stage for some problems, such as psoriasis.
Heredity stems from characteristics that previous generations held.
Heredity supplies our genotype, while heredity and environment combine to form our phenotype.
All heredity is controlled by genes .
All heredity is controlled by genes.
Most heredity plays roles.
Some heredity determines fate.
Heresies are rampant now, especially in northeast China.
Heresies are widespread nowadays.
Heresies arise as a result of our imperfections.
Heresy is a big item.
Heresy is a meaningless term without the ability to authoritatively pronounce such.
Heresy is a plague on the church.
Heresy is a powerful word and one that no one likes attached their person, present or past.
Heresy is a term taken from the Greek word meaning to choose or select.
Heresy is a term which can describe false teachings, but it means even more than that.
Heresy is a truth carried to an unwarranted extreme.
Heresy is about choosing, and a heretic is one who chooses an unacceptable dogma or creed.
Heresy is also another sin of the tongue.
Heresy is always ugly and always to be exposed and refuted.
Heresy is an orientation
Heresy is another word for freedom of thought.
Heresy is content.
Heresy is defined as that which strikes at the vitals of the reformed faith.
Heresy is essential for creativity, insight, and progress.
Heresy is essentially a thought-crime.
Heresy is everywhere, and the followers of heresy are in power almost everywhere.
Heresy is generally brilliant.
Heresy is good for all disciplines - it provokes open debate and exposes the weak links.
Heresy is located in religion.
Heresy is no game for securityseekers.
Heresy is now fire itself, pulses of light in a network of glass.
Heresy is one of the worst sins.
Heresy is one thing.
Heresy is only another word for freedom of thought.
Heresy is poetry's equivalent of a tasteless joke.
Heresy is punishable by death, if defined as idolatry.
Heresy is reason.
Heresy is such a serious departure from the faith that it deserves condemnation.
Heresy is the deliberate denial of a truth of faith.
Heresy is the foundation of all cults.
Heresy is the fruit of man s pride.
Heresy is the fruit of unfaithfulness.
Heresy is the rogue genetic mutation that makes the species multiply.
Heresy is the teaching of one's opinions that give rise to division.
Heresy is the very source of all the colours and shapes and pain and joy in the world.
Heresy is theoretical schism , schism practical heresy .
Heresy is theoretical schism, schism practical heresy.
Heresy is therefore a behavioral problem more than a doctrinal problem.
Heresy is to be exposed.
Heresy is to deny the authority of a established authority.
Heresy means doctrinal departures from revealed truth, or erroneous doctrinal views.
Heresy occurs when a truth is put in the wrong place.
All heresy begins below the belt, as they say.
All heresy has a moral guilt attached.
Many heresies start out orthodox and then add in the extras as they go.
Most heresies come because of the desire to give into temptation.
Heretic films scrota.
Heretic parameters menu echo.
A heretic is an outcast
Heretics are automatically ex-communicated.
Heretics are baptized individuals who obstinately reject an obligatory part of Christian dogma.
Heretics are nonconformists.
Heretics are our enemies.
Heretics are video games.
Heretics attack Hierarchy in concerted force one year before the Civil War begins.
Heretics belongs to yet another area of literature at which Chesterton excelled.
Heretics get a hearing and are applauded, and faithful ministers are sneered at and caricatured.
Heretics have a fundamentally different religion than their followers.
Heretics have no friends.
Heretical sects have an apostolic mission.
More heritable attitudes are harder to change, and they are more quickly activateable.
Some heritable characters affect survival.
Some heritable conditions affect connective tissue.
Some heritable conditions affect tissue.
Heritable factors influence sexual orientation in women.
Some heritable factors influence characteristics.
Heritable features vary among individuals.
Most heritable features vary among individuals.
Heritable genetic variation results in differences.
Heritable programs stored in DNA direct the species- specific pattern of growth and development.
Heritable programs stored in DNA direct the species-specific pattern of growth and development.
Some heritable traits are more adaptive than others.
Heritable transformation requires that the germ line cells are transformed.
Heritable variation encompasses reproduction, genetics, development and mutation.
Heritable variation is based on variation in the alleles present among individuals in a population.
Heritable variation results in differences.
Heritable variations are fortuitous, viz., at random, by chance.
Some heritage centres have their own individual Internet web sites and e-mail addresses.
Heritage corridors protect and promote regional and state history.
Heritage groups are very important to our efforts.
Heritage houses line the streets of Halifax.
Heritage languages provide the possibility of a more international outlook on the world.
Heritage management is the process which maintains the heritage plan established by a community.
Heritage Park is great for walking and cross-country skiing.
Heritage park is located at the core of the Heritage District.
Heritage places offer special rewards but also require special care.
More heritage sites are to re-open.
Heritage tourism is a growing trend across the nation.
Heritage tourism is an important contributor to the industry.
Heritage tourism is good business.
Heritage tourism is one of the fastest growing segments of the national and global tourism industry.
Heritage tourism is one of the fastest growing segments of the nation's substantial travel industry.
Heritage tourism is one of the nation's fastest growing industries.
Heritage tourism is our job - our only job.
Heritage tourism is part of a larger trend known as cultural tourism.
Heritage tourism is the fastest growing segment of the tourism industry.
Heritage tourism means jobs and incomes for local citizens.
Heritage tourism offers a promising strategy to enhance the economy of the region.
Heritage tourism provides economic benefits and cultural sustainability to local communities.
Heritage trails provide three self guided walking tours.
Heritage trees can be either on public or private property.
Heritage turkeys have a longer, slower rate of growth.
Heritage advocates a complete rethinking of military policy.
Heritage allows interns ample opportunity to gain solid work experience.
Heritage breaks down the distribution dates for taxpayers.
Heritage calls for a new system based on patient choice and market competition.
Heritage calls it an investment in the future.
Heritage can be a powerful tool.
Heritage can be all too real.
Heritage compares years with two different points on the business cycle.
Heritage continues to be America's most broadly supported think tank.
Heritage controls anthracnose on bentgrass they claim.
Heritage distributes cookies to first time visitors homes.
Heritage encompasses both the modern and ancient, myth and reality.
Heritage encompasses both, combined with historical knowledge.
Heritage encompasses both, using the past to build for the future.
Heritage evaluates drug and medical claims data to identify potential areas for quality improvement.
Heritage goes out the window because the mantra in Newcastle now is 'Jobs, jobs, jobs'.
Heritage helps to create profitable and sustainable ventures.
Heritage is always the leader in innovation.
Heritage is available in the Chicago region.
Heritage is everything.
Heritage is extremely devoted to their sports teams.
Heritage is important just as memory is important.
Heritage is in family.
Heritage is information.
Heritage is on the left side of the road.
Heritage is part of a battle, a battle for the future of our country.
Heritage is plentiful in the Six Rivers National Forest.
Heritage is practice
Heritage is practice.
Heritage is probably the absolute best bang for the buck.
Heritage is something to be proud of.
Heritage isa cognition.
Heritage isa knowledge.
Heritage log home.
Heritage loves music and musicians.
Heritage mourns the loss of a family member.
Heritage offers new and used games of all types and even carry some antique games as well.
Heritage plays a big part in the Eastern Southland area which has a colourful past.
Heritage plays a part here.
Heritage plays a very important part in the creative process.
Heritage provides a forum for the study of linguistics.
Heritage provides a full package of services to industries nationwide.
Heritage provides piano instruction and sales.
Heritage provides plenty of opportunities for a full range of after-school activities.
Heritage recycles glass for the city and local businesses.
Heritage refers to the past, while culture is synonomous with time both past, present, and future.
Heritage starts with the purest form of cetyl myristoleate.
Heritage takes our farm management programs out of urban settings and into rural areas.
Heritage takes pride in providing the best log homes available.
Heritage trains more school principals than any other institution in the state.
Heritage truly cares.
Heritage walks around Vancouver.
Heritage sometimes does strange things to Chicago fans.
Hermaphrodism takes the worry out of that possible issue.
Hermaphrodite flowers are intermediate between female and male flowers in size and shape.
A hermaphrodite is a bisexual person
Hermaphrodite groaning free hardcore is best to the dirty.
Hermaphrodites also exist in fish species.
Hermaphrodites are able to change sex as needed.
Hermaphrodites are animals that have both female and male reproductive organs.
Hermaphrodites are animals whose individuals produce both sperm and egg cells.
Hermaphrodites are animals.
Hermaphrodites are bisexuals.
Hermaphrodites are both girls and guys.
Hermaphrodites are caused by stress, plants feel stress too.
Hermaphrodites are creatures who are both male and female simultaneously.
Hermaphrodites are female animals that make both sperm and oocytes.
Hermaphrodites are hermaphrodites.
Hermaphrodites are humans.
Hermaphrodites are organisms that have both male and female reproductive organs.
Hermaphrodites are persons born with both a female vagina, and a penis.
Hermaphrodites are transgenders born with both a penis and vagina.
Hermaphrodites carry out self-fertilization, or, preferentially, are fertilized by males.
Hermaphrodites give rise to both kinds of germ-cells.
Hermaphrodites have two ovaries , oviducts , spermatheca , and a single uterus .
Hermaphrodites produce both male and female gametes .
Hermaphrodites produce both male and female gametes.
Hermaphrodites produce both oocytes and sperm and can reproduce by self-fertilization.
Hermaphrodites usually mate with each other, but self-fertilization can occur.
Many hermaphrodites exchange sperm with a mate increasing the potential of producing offspring.
Most hermaphrodites can father children, and also conceive children.
Most hermaphrodites take on the role of a male or female to reproduce.
Some hermaphrodites can self-fertilize, but most mate with another member of the same species.
Some hermaphrodites can self-fertilize.
Hermaphroditic organisms possess both male and female reproductive organs.
Hermaphroditic oysters can switch sex from male to female and vice-versa.
All hermaphroditic snails can lay eggs.
Hermaphroditic species can self-fertilize.
Some hermaphroditic species produce testes and ovaries and can self fertilise.
Hermaphroditism allows for complex mating systems.
Hermaphroditism is a good solution to the scarcity of potential mates.
Hermaphroditism is sexuality
Hermaphroditism is when both female and male sex organs are present.
Hermaphroditism is when one organism has both sexes.
Hermaphroditism occurs in animals where one individual has both male and female reproductive parts.
Hermatypic corals have brownish coloured, unicellular algae living within the tissues of the polyps.
Hermeneutic dialogue allows the matters at hand to come to presence.
Hermeneutic phenomenology analyzes the fore-structure of the culture that surrounds an artifact.
Hermeneutic reflection informs conversation as a research methodology in an important way.
Hermeneutical principles derive from an analysis of the text itself.
Hermeneutical training is the best antidote to heretical teaching.
Hermetic circles are only astral barriers while in use.
Hermetic mages delve into ancient tomes, trying to find the true name recorded somewhere.
Hermetic motor is the company's major product.
Hermetic seal prevents glue drying out.
Hermetic vacuum sealed type is available.
Hermit cookies are easy and pretty quick, and they're ideal for young bakers who want to help out.
A hermit crab is a decapod
Hermit crab are very quarrelsome amongst themselves over the availability of snail shells.
Hermit crab tries to find a new house.
Hermit crabs appear to be a permanent fixture of the land and seascape of pacific atolls.
Hermit crabs appear to remember the shell-types they formerly occupied.
Hermit crabs are able to regenerate any lost or broken limbs during the moulting process.
Hermit crabs are actually omnivorous and they feed on microscopic scraped off surfaces.
Hermit crabs are also interesting, and vary in color and size.
Hermit crabs are an exception because they lack a hard calcified abdominal shell.
Hermit crabs are an exception, because the males tend to grow larger than the females.
Hermit crabs are another fascinating and easy class pet.
Hermit crabs are another interesting group.
Hermit crabs are available for study.
Hermit crabs are common on the beach.
Hermit crabs are crustaceans who have a soft abdomen and live in the ocean.
Hermit crabs are crustaceans.
Hermit crabs are invertebrates, animals without a backbone.
Hermit crabs are nocturnal, so they eat late at night and in the wee hours of the morning.
Hermit crabs are nocturnal.
Hermit crabs are obtainable from a local pet store or from a biological supply company.
Hermit crabs are omnivores.
Hermit crabs are omnivorous scavengers and like variety in their diet.
Hermit crabs are quite common in tidepols.
Hermit crabs are scavengers.
Hermit crabs are slow eaters.
Hermit crabs are tropical animals and do best in warm temperatures.
Hermit crabs are usually everywhere, scavenging the reef in their clumsy, borrowed shells.
Hermit crabs are very active and fascinating to observe.
Hermit crabs are very active inhabitants of coastal and deep waters.
Hermit crabs are very particular about their shell homes.
Hermit crabs are very social creatures.
Hermit crabs attach sea anemones to their shells for camouflage.
Hermit crabs can be amusing to watch and take care of.
Hermit crabs can cause damage.
Hermit crabs can sometimes go many days without eating.
Hermit crabs come from sea.
Hermit crabs do best in glass or acrylic aquariums decorated with branches, empty shells and plants.
Hermit crabs drink salt water.
Hermit crabs drink water.
Hermit crabs eat small amounts very slowly.
Hermit crabs excrete urine.
Hermit crabs excrete waste.
Hermit crabs find a shell from the body of a snail-like mollusk and use it for protection.
Hermit crabs find shells.
Hermit crabs gather in large numbers to exchange their old shells for new ones.
Hermit crabs get bigger and bigger.
Hermit crabs go from shell to shell throughout their lives.
Hermit crabs have a varied diet.
Hermit crabs have claws that can pinch.
Hermit crabs have claws.
Hermit crabs have elongate, soft, asymmetrical abdomens that they protect with an empty snail shell.
Hermit crabs have hairy claws.
Hermit crabs have interesting mating rituals that differ between species.
Hermit crabs have legs.
Hermit crabs have nutritional requirements to maintain color, health and molting.
Hermit crabs have requirements.
Hermit crabs have shells.
Hermit crabs have specific preferences on which type of habitat suits it best.
Hermit crabs have two breathing ways.
Hermit crabs have unusual homes.
Hermit crabs hide their soft abdomens in spiral shells cast off by sea snails or other mollusks.
Hermit crabs inhabit all throughout the polar regions to the tropical waters.
Hermit crabs inhabit shells.
Hermit crabs inhabit snail shells.
Hermit crabs live in discarded shells .
Hermit crabs live in empty shells to protect their tender backsides.
Hermit crabs live in locations.
Hermit crabs live in shells and are scavengers.
Hermit crabs live in the empty shells of snails.
Hermit crabs live in water.
Hermit crabs live near oceans.
Hermit crabs live on beaches.
Hermit crabs lose their shells.
Hermit crabs love climbing on cholla wood.
Hermit crabs love food.
Hermit crabs make wonderful classroom pets.
Hermit crabs mate in saltwater.
Hermit crabs mate in saltwaters.
Hermit crabs molt in the wild all the time and they know what to do.
Hermit crabs need air.
Hermit crabs need diets.
Hermit crabs possess abdomens.
Hermit crabs possess soft abdomens.
Hermit crabs prefer fruit such as apples.
Hermit crabs rely on aban- doned snail shells for protection.
Hermit crabs rely on saltwaters.
Hermit crabs require privacy when elimating their wastes.
Hermit crabs return to water.
Hermit crabs rummage through the natural litter, perhaps in search of a new mobile home.
Hermit crabs seem particularly fond of having a varied diet.
Hermit crabs shed exoskeletons.
Hermit crabs shed skin.
Hermit crabs spend most of their time while looking for the perfect shell.
Hermit crabs spend several weeks in the plankton as larvae before settling and metamorphosing.
Hermit crabs tend to be nocturnal and they eat near sunrise or at dark.
Hermit crabs tend to reproduce many in order to maintain their population.
Hermit crabs use old shells from other animals as their homes.
Hermit crabs use shells.
Hermit crabs use snail shells.
Hermit crabs withdraw reflexively into their shells in the presence of a novel stimulus.
All hermit crabs require salt water to regulate the saline content of their bodies.
Many hermit crabs are adapted to live in empty snail shells and are considered to be mobile.
Most hermit crabs are scavengers on dead plant or animal matter.
Most hermit crabs come from sea.
Most hermit crabs drink salt water.
Most hermit crabs drink water.
Most hermit crabs excrete urine.
Most hermit crabs excrete waste.
Most hermit crabs have claws.
Most hermit crabs have hairy claws.
Most hermit crabs have legs.
Most hermit crabs have requirements.
Most hermit crabs have shells.
Most hermit crabs inhabit snail shells.
Most hermit crabs live in locations.
Most hermit crabs live in water.
Most hermit crabs live near oceans.
Most hermit crabs live on beaches.
Most hermit crabs love food.
Most hermit crabs mate in saltwaters.
Most hermit crabs possess abdomens.
Most hermit crabs possess soft abdomens.
Most hermit crabs rely on saltwaters.
Most hermit crabs return to water.
Most hermit crabs shed exoskeletons.
Most hermit crabs use snail shells.
Some hermit crabs carry anemones.
Some hermit crabs eat algas.
Some hermit crabs go through metamorphosis.
Some hermit crabs have anemones attached to their shells.
Some hermit crabs have symbiotic relationships with sponges.
Some hermit crabs have ways.
Some hermit crabs leave homes.
Some hermit crabs live in areas.
Some hermit crabs live on bottoms.
Some hermit crabs live on sea bottoms.
Some hermit crabs live on trees.
Some hermit crabs lose limbs.
Some hermit crabs make homes.
Some hermit crabs provide additional protection.
Some hermit crabs provide protection.
A hermit thrush is a thrush
Hermit thrushes are also know as the nightengales of our woodlands.
Hermit Thrushes are common at high elevations in coniferous forests throughout Washington.
Hermit Thrushes are more common in north Florida.
A hermit is an individualist
Hermit has no ears.
Hermit inhabits the other side with more minimalistic, haunting sounds.
Hermit is a male card, and can be a healer.
Hermit is our star card, the one that most aspects the others.
Hermit isa individual.
Hermit isa person.
Hermit isa somebody.
Hermit isa someone.
Hermit teaches boy secret religion.
Hermit thrushes nest in all high mountain ranges in Utah.
Hermit Thrushes, however, also have eye-rings, often very noticeable.
Hermit wants to sit and philosophize.
Hermits are birds.
Hermits are loners.
Hermits are often the most hardworking, undervalued and unloved residents of our tanks.
Hermits are omnivorous, enjoying many algae species, uneaten fish food and dead animals.
Hermits can close the door and be as rude as they like.
Hermits do it alone.
Hermits have (part) arms.
Hermits have (part) body substances.
Hermits have (part) cell membranes.
Hermits have (part) cells.
Hermits have (part) corpi.
Hermits have (part) cytoplasm.
Hermits have (part) heads.
Hermits have (part) human bodies.
Hermits have (part) legs.
Hermits have (part) material bodies.
Hermits have (part) necks.
Hermits have (part) nuclei.
Hermits have (part) personality.
Hermits have (part) plasma membranes.
Hermits have (part) sections.
Hermits have (part) vacuoles.
Hermits have a soft, curled belly that squeezes right into the twists and turns of a snail shell.
Hermits have no peer pressure.
Hermits have the ability to understand things.
Hermits kill creatures.
Hermits kill other creatures.
Hermits live in the woods and caves around the monasteries.
Hermits offer no end of amusement and their antics can provide much entertainment.
Hermits always do.
All hermits have a black line bordered by white through the eyes and a long, often downcurved bill.
Many hermits enter the eremitic life with a very rigorous rule all mapped out.
Most hermits kill creatures.
Most hermits kill other creatures.
Some hermits eat peppermint shrimp.
Some hermits eat shrimp.
Some hermits show interest.
Some hermits take protection.
A hermitage is a home
Hermitage also houses one of the world s finest collections of late medieval Indian weapons.
Hermitage also houses one of two technical centers within the county.
Hermitage is located in Santa Rosa.
Hermitage refers to hardship to the plaintiff.
Hermitages are dwellings.
Hermitages are homes.
Every Hermitian operator has at least one basis of orthonormal eigenvectors.
Hermon soils are on glaciated upland plains, hills, and ridges.
Hermon soils are sandy-skeletal and are somewhat excessively drained.
Hernia repair is one of the most common operations done in the United States today.
Hernia repair is performed as an outpatient procedure using local or general anesthesia.
Hernia repair ranks as the second most frequently performed surgical procedure in North America.
Hernia repairs are medical treatments.
Hernia repairs are one of the most commonly performed surgeries in the United States.
Hernia surgery has a way of putting people out of commission for a while.
Hernia surgery is performed throughout the week.
Hernia is a rupture
Hernia is diseases.
Hernia is injuries.
Hernia is more likely with age, obesity, muscle weakness, and hereditary factors.
Hernia is protrusion of abdominal contents through the muscle wall of the abdominal cavity.
Hernia is protusion of abdominal contents through the muscle wall of the abdominal cavity.
Hernia is ruptures.
Hernias are a weakness of the abdominal wall.
Hernias are defects in any wall of the body which allows what's behind the wall to come through.
Hernias are especially common in men, infants, and pregnant women.
Hernias are fairly common.
Hernias are more common in boys who are born prematurely.
Hernias are more common in premature males.
Hernias are more frequent in males, but females can also develop a hernia.
Hernias are more frequent in males, but females can also develope a hernia.
Hernias are serious business.
Hernias are the least likely to occur, but can be the most serious if the abdominal wall opens up.
Hernias are, therefore, often seen to run in families.
Hernias can affect virtually any part of the body.
Hernias can exist before the liposuction and get larger on their own.
Hernias can occur anywhere in the body but certain locations are more common.
Hernias can occur at any age and affect both men and women.
Hernias can occur at any age in both males and females.
Hernias can occur at birth or over time due to stress and strain.
Hernias can occur if the abdominal wall is weakened.
Hernias can occur in any weak or torn part of the abdominal wall.
Hernias can occur in children and can cause swelling in the scrotum.
Hernias can occur in males and females of all ages and can appear in various locations.
Hernias can occur in men and women of all ages and in children.
Hernias can reappear in the same location, even after surgical repair.
Hernias happen in certain parts of the body more frequently.
Hernias look like a bulge or lump.
Hernias produce different symptoms or feelings.
Hernias require repair when they cause discomfort or pain.
Hernias often occur at the abdominal wall.
Hernias often occur in the groin area, sometimes on both sides.
Hernias often result from an accident.
Hernias sometimes give pain and a lump that can be felt .
Hernias sometimes give pain and a lump that can be felt.
Hernias usually require surgery.
Many hernias produce pain and prevent exertion, interfering with normal life.
Most hernias are in the belly or groin.
Most hernias are reducible.
Most hernias happen in the abdomen .
Most hernias happen in the abdomen.
Most hernias happen in the lower abdomen.
Most hernias require surgery.
Most hernias tend to expand in pregnancies and are typically repaired after the delivery.
Some hernias are present at birth.
Some hernias close themselves as late as ten years of age.
Some hernias found in young dogs can wait for repair until the time they are spayed or neutered .
Some hernias involve the small intestine.
A herniated disc is a rupture
Herniated disc is a general terms.
Herniated discs are ruptures.
Herniated discs are the most common disorders that neurosurgeions treat.
Herniated discs can give all the symptoms above.
Herniated discs can occur in any part of the spine.
Herniated discs can occur in people of all ages.
Herniated discs can be spontaneous or due to trauma or accidents.
Herniated disks are a common cause.
Herniated disks are also a type of back injury found in workplace situations.
Herniated disks are more common in young men than women.
Herniation can lead to death as can rupture of the abcess into ventricles and meninges.
Herniation causes the angle of the urethra to change, which can cause the urethra to remain open.
Herniation is a rupture
Herniation is akin to a tire blowing out.
Herniation is rare in bulls.
Herniations are most often posterior and lateral, the least supported area of the disc.
Most herniation takes place in the lumbar area of the spine.
Most herniations occur to the back and side because daily activities require bending forward.
Hero character represents youth and determination.
Hero quests are a vital part of the game .
Hero quests are both difficult and important.
Hero quests are tricky.
Hero supermarket has a very extensive range of fresh produce and canned products.
Hero worship is admiration
Hero worship is admiration.
Hero worship is strongest where there is least regard for human freedom.
Hero worship takes hard work.
A hero is a leader
Hero also dies - buried with special sword.
Hero also remains silent.
Hero arrives, unrecognized, home or elsewhere.
Hero asks that word of who was responsible be spread.
Hero asserts the rights of all sentient beings and leads a revolt.
HERO assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or suitability of the information contained herein.
Hero breaks down door.
Hero describes quality of treatment of villain.
Hero explains omens.
Hero falls dying to the ground, while the archon rages.
Hero feeds own flesh to helpful animal.
Hero Find a download of the game's latest version, plus news about other games.
Hero gains a level.
Hero gets hold of a nasty weapon.
Hero gets lucky.
Hero is a medieval Irish prince.
Hero is a melancholy piece.
Hero is a rock group, and heroin is a drug.
Hero is a term that tends to be overused in today's society.
Hero is appropriate for the monster.
Hero is clearly appropriate for monster.
Hero is forced to jump from the window and make amends some other day.
Hero is from Wisconsin, kids, and boy does their album rumble.
Hero is no ordinary horse.
Hero is recognized.
Hero is still appropriate for the monster.
Hero is warned to stay away.
Hero is well written, if flawed.
Hero isa leader.
Hero needs information or guidance.
Hero orders a certain very heavy drink at a bar.
Hero reluctantly agrees, then the scene switches to inside the manor.
Hero runs through thicket, pursuing naked girl with jeweled navel.
Hero s in our own mind.
HERO seeks donations and volunteers.
Hero timidly enters the darkness.
Heroes abound in public schools, a fact that doesn t make the news.
Heroes alone make for boring games.
Heroes also affect the war party.
Heroes also bring some role playing elements to the game.
Heroes also obtain secondary skills.
Heroes are a product of a society s perception of someone to be praised and adored.
Heroes are about big powers and costumes and items specific to particular individuals.
Heroes are all some people have.
Heroes are also the agents of technological growth in the game.
Heroes are as scarce in war as they are in peace.
Heroes are behind their armies and can cast magic.
Heroes are catalysts for change.
Heroes are dangerous because they've got to be human at some point.
Heroes are easy to pick.
Heroes are even fewer.
Heroes are family.
Heroes are far and few between.
Heroes are few in science as in every field.
Heroes are for children.
Heroes are for hating.
Heroes are for the Late Show.
Heroes are generally exaggerated or appreciated by the estimates of their own generation.
Heroes are hard to find.
Heroes are hard to predict.
Heroes are heroes because they inspire others to do better.
Heroes are immune.
Heroes are important to everyone and every country has their own.
Heroes are incapable of bleeding or feeling pain, especially in hand to hand combat.
Heroes are larger than life.
Heroes are men endowed with great courage, With great strength sway bloody fields of carnage.
Heroes are men who are praised because of what they did.
Heroes are men whose efforts, violent or otherwise, benefit women.
Heroes are only human.
Heroes are ordinary men who do extraordinary things in extraordinary times.
Heroes are paragons of humanity with NO flaws.
Heroes are people who are in control of themselves.
Heroes are people who break new territory and try to achieve something that has never been done.
Heroes are people who exhibit great courage and are admired for their bold deeds.
Heroes are people who perform extraordinary service in ordinary ways for selfless purposes.
Heroes are people who take care of people.
Heroes are present on the battlefield like any other unit.
Heroes are relics of the past, a sideshow, nothing more than freaks.
Heroes are the guiding stars in our earthly firmament.
Heroes are the personification of our ideals, the embodiment of our highest values.
Heroes are the product of the growth of ideas.
Heroes are the stars that guide our ships of growth.
Heroes are underrated.
Heroes are victorious or defeated at least for the moment.
Heroes become heroes because of adversity.
Heroes begin to chose sides.
Heroes belong to grown-up cultures.
Heroes brandish their swords, lasers, wands, as mechanically as combine harvesters, reaping profits.
Heroes can also evolve over time during the game.
Heroes can also learn up to eight secondary skills, which can be basic, advanced, or expert.
Heroes can be ancient or modern.
Heroes can be anybody.
Heroes can be heroes accidentally but More was no accidental saint.
Heroes can be human or alien.
Heroes can be other than tall, dark, handsome, wealthy, and experienced.
Heroes can carry items, and give off auras to surrounding units.
Heroes can cast spells, attack hand to hand and shoot arrows in combat.
Heroes can come in different shapes and sizes.
Heroes can drop items so that they can pick up or buy new items whenever they want.
Heroes can learn spells.
Heroes can now have seven stacks in their army.
Heroes can recruit units on their team, but they have to hire neutral units.
Heroes can take different forms.
Heroes claim prizes, and villains vanish forever or are killed.
Heroes Click the ICON in the lower right corner for a full screen slide show.
Heroes come and go, but legends never die.
Heroes come and go.
Heroes come from all walks of life.
Heroes come in all shapes and sizes.
Heroes come in all sizes.
Heroes come in many forms.
Heroes come in varying packages.
Heroes confront conflicting forces.
Heroes defend the world and generally respond to the actions of villains.
Heroes depart but their stories never end.
Heroes deserve honorific escorts.
Heroes die and betray.
Heroes discover solutions.
Heroes do exist.
Heroes do for others.
Heroes do helpful things because they choose to do.
Heroes do live forever after all, even neglected ones.
Heroes don t ride on donkeys.
Heroes dont cry, they prevail.
Heroes encounter ancient evil and hostile natives in the jungles of South America.
Heroes end up very dead.
Heroes exert a circle of influence in which all friendly units gains combat bonuses.
Heroes face thrills and dangers on South Sea Islands as they search for a missing missionary.
Heroes fight the flames and fumes.
Heroes fulfill their calling by investing in the destinies of others.
Heroes function the same as regular Men.
Heroes gain experience at the same rate as creatures.
Heroes gain treasure, experience, and advance in levels just like in a home campaign.
Heroes generally fall into eight clear archetypes.
Heroes get referrals.
Heroes get to be virile and rude and always get to stay renegades.
Heroes glide through the sky on lightning bolts and fire.
Heroes have a habit of growing larger over time, as do the arenas in which they excelled.
Heroes have clothing made of a magical material that never gets torn or dirty.
Heroes have doubts.
Heroes have no backstory.
Heroes have strong family lives, and often live with a parcel of relatives and spouses.
Heroes have the more attractive wide eyes and high foreheads.
Heroes have their limitations.
Heroes have visions, missions and dreams.
Heroes is a very unique strategy game.
Heroes is an audio adrenaline rush.
Heroes is different from the PC version, no doubt.
Heroes is what is known as a framed site.
Heroes just react differently to it.
Heroes know about order, about happy endings - heroes know that some things are better than others.
Heroes leave a legacy beyond their own lifetimes.
Heroes live by principles, celebrities seek success at at any price.
Heroes live forever.
Heroes live on every street, in every town, in every neck of the woods.
Heroes make a difference because of character more than talent, beauty, or wealth.
Heroes make a statement of freedom by their willingness to risk themselves for an ideal.
Heroes make it seem possible to live our dreams.
Heroes meeting heroes across legends is a process as old as mythmaking.
Heroes never die.
Heroes now jump toward the light on a regular basis now.
Heroes only suffer damage.
Heroes Order no.
Heroes originate in the mists of time and myth.
Heroes overcome the fear of death and the fear of life.
Heroes prove that whatever one desires is possible.
Heroes provide hope.
Heroes range in age from young children to senior citizens.
Heroes Read several myths of the ancient Greek hero Hercules.
Heroes reflect the value of a community.
Heroes reflect their environments.
Heroes rise and fall.
Heroes save the day.
Heroes shed no tears.
Heroes show compassion and contrition.
Heroes silently challenge others to follow in their footsteps.
Heroes sound effects.
Heroes sound tracks.
Heroes steal invitations, sneak into buildings and kidnap people.
Heroes step up.
Heroes strive for perfection but none escapes human foibles.
Heroes take risks, which can be the stuff of which myths are made.
Heroes tend to be humble.
Heroes travel across the land, exploring unknown places and rediscovering lost legends.
Heroes treat others with respect.
Heroes understand that they are serving generations to come.
Heroes walk alone, superstars crave adulation.
Heros also acquire magical items.
Heros are characters.
Heros are explorers, inventors, diplomats, warriors as the needs of the environment change.
Heros are fish.
Heros are humans.
Heros are larger than life.
Heros are leaders.
Heros are no longer heros because they fought for what was right.
Heros are people.
Heros come in all shapes and sizes.
Heros encounter predators.
Heros enjoy lunch with the principal.
Heros face death.
Heros fall to death.
Heros fight battles.
Heros fight final battles.
Heros have (part) arms.
Heros have (part) body substances.
Heros have (part) cell membranes.
Heros have (part) cells.
Heros have (part) corpi.
Heros have (part) cytoplasm.
Heros have (part) heads.
Heros have (part) human bodies.
Heros have (part) legs.
Heros have (part) material bodies.
Heros have (part) necks.
Heros have (part) nuclei.
Heros have (part) personality.
Heros have (part) plasma membranes.
Heros have (part) sections.
Heros have (part) vacuoles.
Heros have advantage.
Heros have faces.
Heros have power.
Heros make decisions.
Heros possess flaws.
Heros return homes.
Heros save life.
Heros see outcomes.
Heros solve problems.
Heros wear capes.
Heroes always save people.
Hero often has supernatural or divine help.
Heroes often fail.
Heroes often pause at the gate to prepare,plan, and outwit the villain's guards.
Heroes often rely on help from others to achieve success.
Heroes sometimes listen and support the heroine.
Heroes usually rise from a past generation.
All heroes are monsters.
All heroes are real people.
All heroes come with at least one stack of creatures and can have as many as three.
Every hero becomes a bore at last.
Every Hero Has a Journey.
Every hero has a tragic flaw.
Every hero has many challengers one by one.
Every hero is like an athlete who tries to surpass the others and win.
Every hero needs a good villain, and the best villains are fueled by unadulterated evil.
Every hero needs a villain.
Every hero needs challenges and great villains.
Many heroes fall once, twice or a few times before they get their proper focus.
Many heroes pay the ultimate price and give their lives for another.
Many heroes think of themselves as invincible regardless of their power, almost above being human.
Most heroes have macho shortcomings, like quick tempers.
Most heros face death.
Most heros fall to death.
Most heros fight battles.
Most heros fight final battles.
Most heros have advantage.
Most heros have power.
Most heros make decisions.
Most heros possess flaws.
Most heros return homes.
Most heros save life.
Most heros see outcomes.
Most heros solve problems.
Most heros wear capes.
Some heroes are easy to identify.
Some heroes can be thousands of miles away, yet their influence is every bit as strong.
Some heroes sleep, waiting to be called upon to make a difference for the better.
Some heros can travel to the future, return to the past and still refuse to believe their eyes.
Some heros claim victories.
Some heros create attributes.
Some heros create functional attributes.
Some heros enter regions.
Some heros invent heat engines.
Some heros lose life.
Some heros possess horses.
Some heros take possessions.
Every heroic act is also decent, and causes the place and the bystanders to shine.
Heroic battles take the spotlight again.
Heroic behavior can lead to bitterness and burnout.
Most heroic biographies focus on discoveries, which improved treatment of individuals.
Heroic chickens escape from a prison-like farm to freedom.
Heroic deeds are often the response to limited options.
Heroic defence bring to town world famous.
Heroic failure is as important as success.
Heroic faith is, therefore, a quality manifested in many different situations.
Many heroic kings walk and try to lift the bow with their pride and ego.
Heroic music starts low and builds throughout.
Heroic risks bring heroic results, so let s risk our lives for the kingdom on campus.
Heroic service is the key.
Heroic souls go to Valhalla.
Heroic stories make for an exciting tale.
A heroic is an epic
Heroics are for the screen only.
Heroics are part of a program of praise and support.
A heroin addict is a junky
Many heroin addicts have health and dental problems as a result of many years of drug abuse.
Some heroin addicts kick the habit right away, while others die with a needle in their arms.
Heroin addiction is closely related to disadvantage and poverty.
Heroin addiction is drug addiction.
Heroin addiction is habituation
Heroin addiction is now a major social problem in Xinjiang.
Heroin causes euphoria.
Heroin is a hard drug
Heroin is addictive substances.
Heroin is crystal.
Heroin is drugs.
Heroin is hard drugs.
Heroin is illegal drugs.
Heroin is made of opium.
Heroin is narcotics.
Heroin is opiate
Heroin is opiate.
Heroin is psychoactive drugs.
Most heroin entering China is produced in Burma, near the Chinese border.
Most heroin reaching Dublin and Glasgow comes through Amsterdam and usually originates in Asia.
Most heroin shipped from India are destined for Europe .
Most heroin shipped from India are destined for Europe.
Some heroin is brown in color.
Some heroin is dark brown, and black tar heroin is either sticky or hard and looks like roofing tar.
Some heroin is smuggled into Taiwan on container ships.
A heroine is a role
Heroine travels from present day Ohio to medieval Ireland.
Heroines are as important to a good story as heroes.
Heroines are characters.
Heroines are our guides.
Heroines are people.
Heroines are women.
Heroines generally fall into eight clear archetypes.
Heroines often live alone, undergo an initiation, or marry an animal.
Most heroines seem to be orphans.
A heroism is courage
Heroism becomes the main theme of the art work.
Heroism comes from the protagonist doing something difficult.
Heroism comes in many different forms.
Heroism consists in hanging on one minute longer.
Heroism consists of hanging on one minute longer.
Heroism derives from meeting the challenges of survival as an individual.
Heroism feels and never reasons and is therefore always right.
Heroism feels and never reasons and therefore is always right.
Heroism has to do with crafting individual stories out of a complex, collective world.
Heroism is a bit out of date.
Heroism is a lonely job.
Heroism is a part of their trade.
Heroism is a religion.
Heroism is constant fidelity to our state in life.
Heroism is damned uncomfortable.
Heroism is dead.
Heroism is found everywhere.
Heroism is in the eye of the beholder, or in the eye of the recipient of an extraordinary deed.
Heroism is no longer about going beyond the limits, but about being able to suffer and survive.
Heroism is nothing more than working hard in a job that nobody else wants.
Heroism is praised, but moderation is more highly prized.
Heroism is rare in war.
Heroism is the dazzling and glorious concentration of courage.
Heroism is vigorous, agitated, and occasionally dance-like.
Heroism is when somebody does something above and beyond the call of duty.
Heroism requires value conflict.
Heroism symbolizes the soaring potential of humankind.
Heroisms are courage.
Heroism often inspires others.
Heron colonies need protection.
Heron colonies need special protection.
Heron Island has good diving places, too.
Heron Island is a tropical coral cay, and extremely small.
Heron Island is located off the Queensland city of Gladstone.
Heron Island is rated as one of the most beautiful diving locations in the world.
Heron rookeries are raucous places.
A heron is a wader
Heron eats snakes snakes are a predator it eats other animals and snakes.
Heron Is., Queensland, Australia.
Heron isa bird.
Herons adapt to habitats.
Herons adapt to wetland habitats.
Herons also have broad wings and long legs.
Herons also have enormous wings that can be nearly double the size of the heron's body.
Herons also rub the powder on the belly of the fish to get rid of swamp slime and oils.
Herons also supplement their diet through fields and perching into water.
Herons are a common sight in Louisiana s coastal wetlands.
Herons are also unusual.
Herons are always to be seen in summer, and swans are still relatively plentiful in parts.
Herons are an indicator species for wetland communities.
Herons are birds.
Herons are common here, but expect to see Canada geese, too.
Herons are devoted parents and in many species, both sexes help rear and care for the young.
Herons are fairly common, with rookeries up and down the river.
Herons are far and away the biggest predator on ponds.
Herons are graceful birds with long, pointed bills that seem to extend right into their eyes.
Herons are large wading birds.
Herons are leggy, mostly long-necked wading birds.
Herons are located in nests.
Herons are located on nests.
Herons are lone feeders so they never bother the pond.
Herons are monagomous, mating for life.
Herons are most common in the tropics.
Herons are much more difficult to approach than an egret is.
Herons are pussy birds.
Herons are shore birds.
Herons are shy birds.
Herons are the prey of foxes, minks, raccoons, hawks and owls.
Herons are very sensitive to any type of disturbance while they are nesting.
Herons begin life in a large twig nest, high in a tree.
Herons break the silence and beady eyed crabs shuffle between the roots.
Herons bring food.
Herons build their nests in tall trees so that the eggs are safe from the predators on the ground.
Herons call in flight and on the ground, during the day and at night.
Herons can be persistent but they can also be deterred.
Herons can feed on dry land or water to get their food.
Herons can only bend their necks in one plane.
Herons can wiggle under most nets.
Herons catch and eat small fishes in ponds.
Herons catch fish.
Herons depend on water.
Herons eat fish, which have fairly dense bodies with tough outer skin and scales.
Herons eat fish.
Herons eat mostly small fishes, only a small portion of which are game fish.
Herons eat trouts.
Herons extend necks.
Herons favor environments where water and food are ample.
Herons feed on insects.
Herons fill the trees.
Herons float in lakes.
Herons float in ponds.
Herons gain weight.
Herons go to water.
Herons has-part wings.
Herons have (part) air sacs.
Herons have (part) bird's feet.
Herons have (part) brains.
Herons have (part) breasts.
Herons have (part) cell membranes.
Herons have (part) cells.
Herons have (part) chest cavities.
Herons have (part) chests.
Herons have (part) corpi.
Herons have (part) cytoplasm.
Herons have (part) ears.
Herons have (part) faces.
Herons have (part) flight feathers.
Herons have (part) heads.
Herons have (part) lips.
Herons have (part) mouths.
Herons have (part) nuclei.
Herons have (part) plasma membranes.
Herons have (part) quill feathers.
Herons have (part) rib cages.
Herons have (part) second joints.
Herons have (part) sections.
Herons have (part) skulls.
Herons have (part) sterna.
Herons have (part) talons.
Herons have (part) vacuoles.
Herons have (part) wishbones.
Herons have a territory and build their nests by rocks, ledges, cliffs, and tree tops.
Herons have beaks.
Herons have black color.
Herons have color.
Herons have feathers.
Herons have fish techniques.
Herons have large beaks.
Herons have large wing spans, also used in hunting.
Herons have neck vertebrae.
Herons have necks.
Herons have plumages.
Herons have rookeries in several areas, including one on the Colorado River near Silt.
Herons have similar plumages.
Herons have special feathers that break up into powder.
Herons have techniques.
Herons have vertebrae.
Herons have wings.
Herons hunt alone and prefer deeper water than most wading birds.
Herons hunt fish.
Herons hunt voles.
Herons lift wings.
Herons live for years.
Herons live in fresh or salt water, wherever fish are plentiful.
Herons live in marsh.
Herons live in regions.
Herons live in waterways.
Herons live on all continents except Antarctica.
Herons make croaks.
Herons make nests.
Herons migrate to water.
Herons naturally have a gray-blue plumage.
Herons nest in colonies.
Herons nest in deciduous or evergreen trees, usually near the top on vertical branches.
Herons nest in tall trees.
Herons nest in tree colonies, whereas isolated pairs of cranes nest on the ground.
Herons nest in tree colonies, while isolated pairs of cranes nest on the ground.
Herons nest on the island.
Herons normally get a lesser amount of the same food as storks.
Herons patrol the edges looking for minnows and tadpoles to feed on.
Herons pick a nesting site based on food sources, and they can adapt to various kinds of sites.
Herons pick their partners in early spring.
Herons play in rivers.
Herons possess feathers.
Herons preen with a serrated middle claw.
Herons prefer water.
Herons prey on fish and eels.
Herons pull their neck into a crook while they fly, while cranes fly with their neck outstretched.
Herons reach ages.
Herons reach reproductive ages.
Herons require food.
Herons resemble birds.
Herons rest during the day by folding up their neck and sitting quietly in a sheltered spot.
Herons rest on marsh.
Herons return to nests.
Herons seek fish.
Herons seek food.
Herons seek meals.
Herons shed feathers.
Herons sit on nests.
Herons spread wings.
Herons stab or clamp on their prey, using their bills like barbecue tongs.
Herons stalk fish here.
Herons stalk the shallows along the shore.
Herons stand in lakes.
Herons stand in marsh.
Herons stand motionless by the water's edge and stab a passing fish with their dagger-like beak.
Herons stand on feet.
Herons stand on legs.
Herons stand on waterways.
Herons stretch necks.
Herons suffer greatly during severe weather and the majority of ringing recoveries are in winter.
Herons survive to maturity.
Herons swallow fish.
Herons swallow food whole and later regurgitate pellets of indigestible matter.
Herons swallow food.
Herons swallow prey.
Herons swim in water.
Herons take first flight.
Herons take flight.
Herons use a different technique, the stalk .
Herons use bills.
Herons use dry twigs to build their sloppy nests.
Herons walk on feet.
Herons often stand sentinel in quiet reaches of the stream.
Herons usually migrate south during the winter months, but some have been known to stay all year.
Herons usually nest and roost in flocks, but they hunt food alone.
Herons usually nest and roost in flocks, but they hunt for their food alone.
All herons have large beaks with sharp points for spearing fish.
Many herons roost there.
Most herons adapt to habitats.
Most herons adapt to wetland habitats.
Most herons are located in nests.
Most herons are located on nests.
Most herons are strong fliers, propelling themselves with deep, pumping wing strokes.
Most herons bring food.
Most herons depend on water.
Most herons eat fish.
Most herons eat trouts.
Most herons extend necks.
Most herons feed on aquatic animal life, but some eat insects and even mice.
Most herons feed on insects.
Most herons float in lakes.
Most herons float in ponds.
Most herons gain weight.
Most herons go to water.
Most herons has-part wings.
Most herons have beaks.
Most herons have black color.
Most herons have color.
Most herons have feathers.
Most herons have fish techniques.
Most herons have large beaks.
Most herons have neck vertebrae.
Most herons have necks.
Most herons have plumages.
Most herons have similar plumages.
Most herons have techniques.
Most herons have vertebrae.
Most herons lift wings.
Most herons live for years.
Most herons live in marsh.
Most herons live in regions.
Most herons live in waterways.
Most herons make croaks.
Most herons make nests.
Most herons migrate to water.
Most herons nest in colonies.
Most herons play in rivers.
Most herons possess feathers.
Most herons prefer water.
Most herons reach ages.
Most herons reach reproductive ages.
Most herons require food.
Most herons resemble birds.
Most herons rest on marsh.
Most herons return to nests.
Most herons seek fish.
Most herons seek food.
Most herons seek meals.
Most herons shed feathers.
Most herons sit on nests.
Most herons spread wings.
Most herons stand in lakes.
Most herons stand in marsh.
Most herons stand on feet.
Most herons stand on legs.
Most herons stand on waterways.
Most herons stretch necks.
Most herons survive to maturity.
Most herons swim in water.
Most herons take first flight.
Most herons take flight.
Most herons use bills.
Most herons walk on feet.
Some herons are inside ponds.
Some herons are inside water.
Some herons are located in mangroves.
Some herons become birds.
Some herons become parents.
Some herons eat acorns.
Some herons eat algae.
Some herons eat salamanders.
Some herons eat snakes.
Some herons enter nests.
Some herons feed in grass.
Some herons feed in ground.
Some herons feed in lakes.
Some herons feed in rivers.
Some herons fly over freeways.
Some herons fly over ground.
Some herons form bonds.
Some herons form pair bonds.
Some herons have a special claw on their middle toe that has a toothed edge along one side.
Some herons have few natural predators.
Some herons have long crests and plumes on their throats and bodies.
Some herons have natural predators.
Some herons have predators.
Some herons have protection.
Some herons live in aquatic habitats.
Some herons live in habitats.
Some herons live in valleys.
Some herons live on continents.
Some herons live on islands.
Some herons occur in habitats.
Some herons raise families.
Some herons require fish.
Some herons return to ground.
Some herons shake heads.
Some herons share ground.
Some herons sit on logs.
Some herons sit on stones.
Some herons stand in ground.
Some herons stand in mangroves.
Some herons stand in rivers.
Some herons stand in water.
Some herons stand on mangroves.
Some herons stand on shores.
Some herons steal trouts.
Some herons swallow animals.
Some herons swallow crabs.
Some herons swallow frogs.
Some herons swallow mice.
Some herons swallow predators.
Some herons swim in ponds.
Some herons take up positions.
Some herons take up similar positions.
Some herons throw calls.
Some herons use patterns.
Some herons visit ground.
Some herons wait for algae.
Some herons wait for crabs.
Some herons wait for fish.
Some herons wait for meals.
Some herons wait for trouts.
Some herons watch ducks.
Some herons watch eels.
A heronry is a rookery
Most heronries have several or more species.
Every herp group seems to be asking for donations.
Most herp societies have adoption programs.
Herpes acts like a electrical switch.
Herpes affects each person differently.
Herpes Apply vitamin E oil twice a day to encourage the healing process.
Herpes are extremely transmittable through oral sex.
Herpes can also be severe in people with suppressed immune systems.
Herpes can also be very serious when the cornea, or surface of the eye, is infected.
Herpes can appear as sores or blisters on the genitalia, anus or mouth.
Herpes can be a serious health issue for certain people.
Herpes can be different with each episode in some people, or exactly the same each time for others.
Herpes can be fatal if passed to a newborn.
Herpes can be life threatening to an infant.
Herpes can cause fatal infections during delivery, if the mother is shedding the virus.
Herpes can cause iritis by itself, or in combination with a corneal infection.
Herpes can cause mouth, tongue and lip ulcers.
Herpes can cause serious infections in newborns because their immune systems are still developing.
Herpes can infect a baby during passage through the birth canal and cause serious illness.
Herpes can infect men, women, and children.
Herpes can recur and often causes repeat attacks.
Herpes can spread from one person to another very easily when sores are present.
Herpes causes tiny blisters that burst to leave ulcers that resemble cold sores.
Herpes comes from the herpes simplex virus and is spread through touch, kissing, and sexual contact.
Herpes effects anything from humans to fungi.
Herpes esophagitis with ulceration and granulation tissue.
Herpes exists in two common forms.
Herpes is spread by direct contact with an infected person.
Herpes is spread by direct contact with the rashes, sores, or blisters of an infected person.
Herpes is spread by direct contact.
Herpes is spread by direct skin to skin contact.
Herpes is spread by skin to skin contact with an infected partner.
Herpes is spread from skin to skin contact during intercourse or from kissing.
Herpes is spread from skin to skin where the infection is located.
Herpes is spread through direct contact with a person who has the virus.
Herpes is spread through direct contact.
Herpes is spread through oral, anal, or vaginal sex with an infected person.
Herpes is spread through sexual contact when it enters the body through tiny passages in the skin.
Herpes lasts forever.
Herpes looks like shingles, but usually only affects a certain area of the body.
Herpes presents as a painful ulcer or lesion on the skin.
Herpes -Small painful blisters on the sex organs or mouth.
Herpes spreads most easily when sores are present.
Herpes spreads through intimate skin contact with an infected individual.
Herpes often occurs on the genitals because lovemaking can break the skin to let the virus in.
Herpes sometimes can cause painful sores that keep coming back.
Herpes usually begins with an itching or tingling.
Herpes usually causes painful blisters that break open and form sores.
Herpes proctitis is accompanied by anal pain and tenderness, discharge, and constipation.
Herpes vaccines represent a breakthrough in the anti-herpes battle which has raged for centuries.
A herpes virus is an animal virus
Herpes viruses are a class of viruses, of which there are several.
Herpes viruses are large, enveloped double stranded DNA viruses that are extensively host adapted.
Herpes viruses are similar in shape and size and reproduce within the structure of a cell.
Herpes viruses become almost undetectable to lymphocytes.
Herpes viruses can have a chronic course and recur during periods of stress.
Herpes viruses gain entrance into the body through mucous membranes or skin.
Herpes viruses have the ability to persist in their hosts forever.
Herpes viruses have the same problem as adenoviruses.
Herpes viruses require the amino acid arginine for reproduction.
Herpes viruses serve as models of higher eukaryotic DNA replication for several reasons.
A herpes zoster is a herpes virus
Herpes zoster can affect the cornea and be followed by iridocyclitis, secondary glaucoma.
Herpes zoster can cause severe pain that precedes the typical rash.
Herpes zoster can occur in the eye.
Herpes zoster causes chicken pox and shingles.
Herpes zoster causes chickenpox and shingles.
Herpes zoster consists of very painful blisters on the skin that follow nerve pathways.
Herpes zoster is a painful rash that is caused by the same virus as chicken pox.
Herpes zoster is a rare cause of lumbar radiculopathy with pain preceding the skin eruption.
Herpes zoster is a reactivation of the virus that causes chicken pox.
Herpes zoster is also common in people with compromised immune systems.
Herpes zoster is an acute pain problem that typically lasts no more than a month.
Herpes zoster is caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox.
Herpes zoster is characterized by vesicular lesions and inflammation of the sensory nerve ganglia.
Herpes zoster is common and usually dermatomic.
Herpes zoster is the medical name for shingles.
Herpes zoster provokes a more rapid and greater rise in antibodies than varicella.
Herpes zoster spreads only from the rash.
Herpes zosters are shingles.
Herpes isa disease.
Herpeses lead to infection.
Some herpesvirus genomes exist as a mixture of four isomers.
Herpetic blisters can grow and spread under body contact.
Herpetic keratitis can lead to blindness due to stromal scarring.
Herpetic keratitis can lead to scarring.
All herpetic lesions are highly infectious, regardless of the state they are in.
Herpetic whitlow is a self-limited disease.
A herpetologist is an animal scientist
Herpetologist isa biologist.
Herpetologists are scientists who work with amphibians and reptiles.
Herpetologists are zoologists.
Herpetologists assist in the conservation of species.
Herpetologists can automatically add their information to the database.
Herpetologists can work in many fields.
Herpetologists find the blowgun extremely useful in capturing elusive lizards with stun darts.
Herpetologists focus on the study and examination of a variety of reptile and amphibian species.
Herpetologists have (part) arms.
Herpetologists have (part) body substances.
Herpetologists have (part) cell membranes.
Herpetologists have (part) cells.
Herpetologists have (part) corpi.
Herpetologists have (part) cytoplasm.
Herpetologists have (part) heads.
Herpetologists have (part) human bodies.
Herpetologists have (part) legs.
Herpetologists have (part) material bodies.
Herpetologists have (part) necks.
Herpetologists have (part) nuclei.
Herpetologists have (part) personality.
Herpetologists have (part) plasma membranes.
Herpetologists have (part) sections.
Herpetologists have (part) vacuoles.
Herpetologists have ability.
Herpetologists have other information about reptiles to work with.
Herpetologists pick up rattlesnakes.
Herpetologists require skills.
Herpetologists seem to have a thing about carving their initials in box turtle shells.
Herpetologists study animal behavior.
Herpetologists study behavior.
Herpetologists study reptiles and amphibians.
Herpetologists study samples.
Herpetologists study snakes and frogs.
Herpetologists work in zoos.
Herpetologists usually specialize in one or the other of the two classes and often in one organism.
Many herpetologists work as faculty members or research staff at colleges and universities.
Many herpetologists work in research positions, which require advanced degrees.
Most herpetologists do research on amphibians and reptiles.
Most herpetologists have ability.
Most herpetologists pick up rattlesnakes.
Most herpetologists require skills.
Most herpetologists study animal behavior.
Most herpetologists work as university professors or researchers.
Most herpetologists work in zoos.
Some herpetologists attend meetings.
Some herpetologists choose to specialize in working with just one particular species of interest.
Some herpetologists consider pit vipers.
Some herpetologists consider vipers.
Some herpetologists extract poisonous venom for use in antivenom preparation.
Some herpetologists find babies.
Some herpetologists focus solely on research and they publish their findings in scientific journals.
Some herpetologists have degrees.
Some herpetologists have doctoral degree in zoology and complete a significant amount of fieldwork.
Some herpetologists have postsecondary training in wildlife biology or other related field.
Some herpetologists hold lab assistant positions.
Some herpetologists hold positions.
Some herpetologists leave fields.
Some herpetologists place boas and pythons in separate families.
Some herpetologists teach biology in high schools.
Some herpetologists use sticks.
Some herpetologists work as writers, photographers, or animal breeders.
Some herpetologists work in areas.
Some herpetologists work in museums.
A herring gull is a seagull
Herring gulls are constant companions here.
Herring gulls are fairly large gulls .
Herring gulls are generally monogamous, although partner changes do occasionallly occur.
Herring gulls are good at producing all three eggs into flying birds.
Herring gulls are gulls.
Herring gulls are larger and have thicker bills without the black ring.
Herring gulls are omnivorous but prefer animal foods.
Herring gulls breed is large colonies on the ground and defend territories.
Herring gulls eat small fish, garbage, insects, and berries.
Herring gulls have bills.
Herring gulls scavenge for floating scraps.
Most herring gulls have bills.
Some herring gulls have bags.
Some herring gulls visit same neighborhoods.
A herring is a saltwater fish
Herring adds that the documentation required by many carriers and the state is substantial.
Herring are also available in the inlet on small shad darts.
Herring are among the more spectacular schooling fish.
Herring are among the most spectacular schooling fish.
Herring are an important food soruce for waterfowl, salmon, sea lions and sharks.
Herring are an important food source for many species of fish, whales, and seabirds.
Herring are food for estuarine and coastal predators, including striped bass.
Herring are mostly filter feeders.
Herring are second order consumers.
Herring are small fish that figure in a big way in the marine eco-system.
Herring are still prevalent in many locations.
Herring are the bay's most economically-significant fish species.
Herring can survive and spawn for as many as ten years.
Herring continues that operating efficiently has made personal lines extremely profitable.
Herring has no equal, especially in shallower water.
Herring have a position at the centre of the ecological landscape.
Herring holds six events per year.
Herring is a fish.
Herring is a freshman pursuing a degree in educational ministries.
Herring is a good example.
Herring is a key species in several marine areas.
Herring is a major food source for herons, kingfishers, salmon, seals, and other marine mammals.
Herring is a major food source for salmon, seabirds, seals, and other marine mammals.
Herring is an excellent single-source protein.
Herring is an important food item for porpoises, seals, sea birds and larger fish.
Herring is caught by herring and capelin seine and by pelagic trawl.
Herring is huge.
Herring is listed as probable on the injury report.
Herring is sold at most fish camps.
Herring is the bait of choice.
Herring is the clean tissue of undecomposed whole herring or herring cuttings, either or both.
Herring is the same thing.
Herring is to Sweden what beef was to frontier Texas.
Herring is used on the spreader bar to add even more flash to the set up.
Herring isa seafood.
Herring operates the South Memphis Child Development Centers.
Herring provides the team youth and improved range in the secondary.
Herring remain in the area.
Herring says the DJs bring up current events going on in the state and around the nation.
Herring says the trip was worth it.
Herring sees the contest as a way to build morale and give peacekeepers something to think about.
Herring show a more seasonal variation in lipid level.
Herring spend the summer feeding in nearshore zones.
Herring suggests that students be required to spend time working in a multicultural setting.
Herring utilize the kelp as a spawning bed.
Herring wants to have it every which way.
Herrings are a preeminent forage fish, often marketed as sardines or pilchards .
Herrings are animals.
Herrings are economically the most important group of fish to North America and western Europe.
Herrings are fish.
Herrings are located in jars.
Herrings are part of herrings.
Herrings are pelagic feeders.
Herrings are saltwater fish.
Herrings are the prey of almost every sea fish, and of almost every sea bird.
Herrings deposit their eggs on the surface of seagrasses, seaweeds, and rocks.
Herrings have excellent hearing , and their schools react very fast to a predator .
Herrings have excellent hearing, and their schools react very fast to a predator.
Herrings have excellent hearing, and their schools react very rapidly to a predator.
Herrings visit the coast early in spring.
Herring always smells funny.
Herring often live in huge shoals, millions strong, especially in the Atlantic and Indian oceans.
A herringbone is cloth
Herringbone creates a regular crossed zigzag line.
Herringbone trim with ivroid body binding.
Herringbones are fabric.
Herringbones are located in herrings.
Herringbones are located in suits.
Herringbones are particularly prone to kinking.
Herringbones are patterns.
Hersh solo is an entirely different artistic phenomenon.
Hershey isa thing.
Hertfordshire libraries offer access to learning, information and leisure.
Hertfordshire isa thing.
Hertz cars are low mileage, current models.
Hertz discounts are also available.
A hertz is a rate
Hertz cites globalization and innovations in knowledge management as future priorities.
Hertz claims to be the world's largest car rental company.
Hertz considers that proprietary information.
Hertz discovers radio waves.
Hertz does offer insurance products to cover damage to or loss of the truck and personal belongings.
Hertz offers designs for the small user as well as large fully automated networks.
Hertz produces radio waves.
Hertz refers to the pitch of the sound.
Hertz refers to wave lines.
Hertz reserves the right to refuse or withdraw a rental.
Hertz takes payment for taxes, insurance and extra charges at time of pick up.
Hertzs are rates.
Hertzian testing is used to study the damage modes leading to failure of dental ceramics.
Heruka figures define religious attainment through detachment from delusion and ignorance.
Herzog printing is still in business in the basement of the building.
HES offers quality systems for virtually any completion and production operation.
Hesed love builds bridges where sin creates chasms.
Hesitant movers can learn to feel the music and respond rhythmically in the body.
Hesitation marks are generally straight wounds at the wrist, elbow, or neck.
Hesitation brings remorse.
Hesitation builds a fate,where regrets now congregate.
Hesitation can be more formidable enemy than the monsters.
Hesitation comes from lack of clarity.
Hesitation creates a split current of energy within one.
Hesitation creates doubt.
Hesitation is a cardinal mark of depth.
Hesitation is a gift.
Hesitation is a killer.
Hesitation is deadly in the domain game.
Hesitation is failure.
Hesitation is fatal.
Hesitation is inaction.
Hesitation is indecision
Hesitation is indecision.
Hesitation is king for the defense and death for offense.
Hesitation is pauses.
Hesitation is the smoking gun.
Hesitation isa doubt.
Hesitation scares the corn snake, and makes it likely to hide or bite.
Any hesitation can be detrimental.
Any hesitation can hurt the feelings of the person asking the question.
Some hesitation is understandable.
Hess law is great fro determining enthalpies that are difficult to determine directly.
Hessenberg reduction is an operation for solving an nonsymmetric eigenvalue problem.
Hessian court stops spelling reform Wiesbaden.
Hessian flies are flies.
Hessian flies attack small grains, including wheat, rye, barley and some wild grasses.
Hessian fly continues to be a problem in some fields planted to the older wheat varieties.
Hessian fly is a potential insect problem for durum, as are rusts.
Hessian fly is one of the worst insect enemies of wheat.
A hessian is a boot
Hessians are the British mercenary allies.
A hessonite is garnet
Hessonite clears negativity, eliminates feelings of inferiority, and promotes positive change.
Hessonite contains very distinct honey-like inclusions.
Hessonite is a red variety of grossular and is also sometimes used as a gem.
Hessonite is the variety name for a fine orange, cinnamon brown, or pinkish variety of grossularite.
Hesta customers agree.
Het internet is een relatief goedkoop middel om uw diensten, doelen en producten te presenteren.
Het museum is gelegen in, waar kan het ook anders, Nederland.
HETE comprises one half of the rocket payload.
Heterarchical models create a level playing field where all perspectives have equal validity.
Heterarchical systems are ubiquitous in nature and society.
Heterocentric characterisation is only one or two good intentions away from homophobic caricature.
Heterochromatic areas are confined exclusively to the X chromosomes.
Heterochronic genes control the temporal program of larval development.
Heteroclinic orbits play an important role in the origin of phase turbulence.
Heterocyclic amines are potent carcinogens.
Heterocyclic rings are formed with the central metal atom as part of the ring.
Heterodoxy is a frontier phenomenon.
Heterodoxy is a good thing.
Heterodoxy is divergent or even heretical belief.
Heterodoxy is originality
Heterodoxy is therefore in limited supply.
Heterodoxy always leads to heteropraxis.
Heterogametic females are found in moths and butterflies, in birds, and in some fishes.
Heterogametic males are found in most other groups with separate sexes.
Heterogeneity breeds friction, hatred, violence, instability, poverty and authoritarianism.
Heterogeneity can be a real problem.
Heterogeneity contributes to resistance to immune clearance.
Heterogeneity exists at many levels.
Heterogeneity exists on multiple scales.
Heterogeneity is a difference
Heterogeneity is also evident in the underlying network.
Heterogeneity is handled with an sww-like mechanism.
Heterogeneity is inevitable.
Heterogeneity is the game plan.
Heterogeneity is the measure of how different parts of a landscape are from one another.
Heterogeneity is thought to detect fundamental differences between studies.
Heterogeneity isa dissimilarity.
Heterogeneity refers to the spatial dependence of material properties.
Heterogeneity requires open standards for a component-oriented development.
Heterogeneity results from post-translational modification by phophorylation.
Heterogeneous antibody responses in human tuberculosis.
Heterogeneous antibody responses in tuberculosis.
Heterogeneous catalysis gives opportunity to look at zero-order reactions.
Heterogeneous catalysis is supported metal nanoclusters on a low-Z support.
Heterogeneous circuits generate swimming movements in the medicinal leech.
Heterogeneous cloning is a sophisticated technique critical to rescuing endangered animals.
Heterogeneous database interfaces.
Heterogeneous environments favor high speciation rates.
Heterogeneous environments makes extrapolation from one area to another difficult.
Heterogeneous groups are effective when working on ambiguous problems with no single solution.
Heterogeneous groups are generally better.
Heterogeneous groups stimulate divergent and creative thinking.
Heterogeneous level is a strong predictor in explaining infant mortality.
Heterogeneous mixture consists of different substances.
Heterogeneous mixture consists of substances.
Heterogeneous mixtures have different concentrations of compounds in different areas of the mixture.
Heterogeneous mixtures have distinguishable phases, e.g. a mixture of iron filings and sulphur.
Most heterogeneous mixture consists of different substances.
Most heterogeneous mixture consists of substances.
Some heterogeneous mixture contains liquids.
Some heterogeneous mixture has compositions.
Some heterogeneous mixture includes liquids.
Heterogeneous networks continue to proliferate, across the enterprise and around the globe.
Heterogeneous processes are very important to tropospheric chemistry as well.
Heterogeneous rocks consist of interlocking crystals of different minerals.
Heterogeneous sorption processes in subsurface systems.
Heterogeneous translation can be by one of several translation mechanisms.
Heterogenous rays vary from one to at least five cells wide.
Heterolytic reactions are common in the aqueous environment of biochemical reactions.
Heteromorph speciation defines the participation of the species in their own evolution.
A heteronym is a word
Many heteronyms are the result of one pronunciation being a verb and another being a noun.
Heteropagus twins can present with difficult labor depending upon the size.
Heteropoly anions are large, stable in water, in non-aqueous solutions, and in ionic crystals.
A heterosexism is discrimination
Heterosexism reinforces sexist stereotypes and rigid standards of gender conformity.
Heterosexual activity is accompanied by the fantasy of being a woman made love to by a man.
Heterosexual allies are members of the majority group and with that comes power to make changes.
Heterosexual allies are people who are supportive of gay, lesbian, and bisexual people.
Some heterosexual behavior is legal and all homosexual behavior is illegal and punishable.
Some heterosexual behavior is violent, unhealthy and life denying.
Heterosexual contact is now the fastest growing mode of transmission.
Heterosexual contact is the greatest risk for women, followed by injection drug use.
Heterosexual contact is the most rapidly increasing transmission category for women.
Heterosexual contact is, in fact, the fastest-rising form of transmission for women everywhere.
Heterosexual couples are capable of embrace.
Heterosexual couples are couples.
Heterosexual couples are the target clientele here.
Heterosexual couples have the choice of marriage.
Many heterosexual couples are supportive of the freedom to marry.
Some heterosexual couple have sex in the public in Shanghai before in know.
Heterosexual fidelity is the divine intention.
Heterosexual girls suffer in marriages with male gays too.
Heterosexual incest is prominent in Gibbons.
Heterosexual intercourse is the pure, formalized expression of contempt for women's bodies.
Heterosexual males abandon their natural sexuality to cross over and commit same-gender sexual acts.
Heterosexual males present a greater risk to boys and girls.
Heterosexual men are never victims.
Heterosexual men can act as allies to gay and bisexual men.
Some heterosexual men hate some women and some heterosexual women hate some men.
Heterosexual marriage is the norm.
Heterosexual marriage is under siege in our country, but it's staging a comeback in France.
Heterosexual marriage requires public declaration of troth before witnesses.
Heterosexual misconduct is viewed as an individual deviation from a collective good.
Heterosexual penetration is in greater or big and large demand very young dutch.
Heterosexual penetration is in greater or big and large demand.
Heterosexual people find cross-sex people sexually and emotionally attractive.
Many heterosexual people are homosexualists.
A heterosexual person is a person
Heterosexual persons are increasingly at risk.
Heterosexual promiscuity is just as much of a sin.
Heterosexual relationships are the most common route of infection.
Heterosexual relationships are the only way of efficiency mass producing future generations.
Heterosexual relationships have the same risks as homosexual relationships.
Heterosexual repertoire is associated with same-sex experience.
Heterosexual sex is the leading cause of teenage and unwanted pregnancies.
Heterosexual sex is treated with nothing but disdain here.
Heterosexual sin is as bad as any other kind.
Heterosexual students lose the freedom to choose whom they wish to beat up and taunt.
Heterosexual supporters are welcome and appreciated.
Heterosexual transmission can occur from both male to female and female to male.
Heterosexual transmission is responsible for only a small percentage of cases but is increasing.
Heterosexual transmission is responsible for the rapid increase.
Heterosexual transmission is the major challenge worldwide.
Heterosexual transmission is the primary route of spread among African American women.
Heterosexual transmission is the third leading means of acquiring infection.
Heterosexual transmission represents by far the commonest infection route.
Most heterosexual transmission occurs through vaginal intercourse.
Heterosexual unions are far more stable that homosexual ones, particularly in males.
Heterosexual women are at a much greater risk of contracted sexually transmitted diseases.
Heterosexual women can also challenge heterosexism.
A heterosexual is a person
Heterosexuals are also at risk.
Heterosexuals are humans.
Heterosexuals are more accurately aware of the tragedies that traditional attitudes have created.
Heterosexuals are more goal oriented .
Heterosexuals are people.
Heterosexuals are the ones who are flaunting their sexuality.
Heterosexuals are unable to get in touch with their own gender.
Heterosexuals breed more homosexuals.
Heterosexuals can be just as adamant about it.
Heterosexuals have a history of failure in straight relationships.
Heterosexuals have higher degrees of committing murder, rape, assault, and speeding tickets.
Heterosexuals have histories of failure in lesbian relationships.
Heterosexuals have histories of failure in relationships.
Heterosexuals have their clubs, their school ties, their alliances and loyalties.
Heterosexuals have to take responsibility for the mess they've made of marriage.
Heterosexuals lose the right to use public laundromats.
Heterosexuals never have a closet, let alone have one to come out of.
Heterosexuals never have to be forced into celibacy.
Heterosexuals sleep with heterosexuals.
Heterosexuals take their sexuality for granted.
Heterosexuals always assign themselves such narrowly restricted, stereotyped sex roles.
Many heterosexuals oppose marriage but favor domestic partnerships.
A heterosexuality is sex
Heterosexualities are sexual activities.
Heterosexualities are sexual orientations.
Heterosexuality is a convention on campus.
Heterosexuality is a forceful reminder of the theistic character of creation.
Heterosexuality is an attribute of the mature personality.
Heterosexuality is considered more mature and a preferred way of expressing sexuality.
Heterosexuality is incompatible with military service.
Heterosexuality is more mature and certainly preferred.
Heterosexuality is quite another matter.
Heterosexuality is the norm and any variation of sexual expression is perverse and unnatural .
Heterosexuality is the romantic or sexual attraction to the opposite sex.
Heterosexuality is viewed by society as the norm.
Heterosexuality leads to life and Homosexuality leads to death.
Heterosexuality means having a maximum arousal level based upon opposite gender stimuli.
Heterosexuality means sex between people of the opposite gender - from hetero, different .
Heterosexuality suffers from millennia of enforced, standardized power dynamics.
Heterosis leads to an increase in the life-span of hybrid offspring.
Heterosporous plants produce microspores and megaspores.
Heterosporous plants produce two types of spores that produce male and female gametophytes.
Heterospory is the production of different types of spores.
Heterospory is the rule among seed plants.
Heterospory is the sexually differentiated spores phenomenon.
Heterostyled plants present a peculiar condition.
All heterothermic animals are dependent upon the environmental temperatures in order to operate.
Heterotopic ossification occurs below the level of injury.
Heterotopic transplant allows for some possible recovery of the recipient heart.
Heterotopic transplantation shows that an LCD is necessary.
A heterotroph is an organism
Heterotroph isa organism.
Heterotrophs absorb food.
Heterotrophs are organisms.
Heterotrophs depend either directly or indirectly on autotrophs for nutrients and food energy.
Heterotrophs eat other plants, animals, and some eat remains of dead animals.
Heterotrophs eat ready - made complex organic food.
Heterotrophs eat to obtain energy from the breakdown of organic molecules in their food.
Heterotrophs get organic molecules from other organisms.
Heterotrophs have (part) cell membranes.
Heterotrophs have (part) cells.
Heterotrophs have (part) corpi.
Heterotrophs have (part) cytoplasm.
Heterotrophs have (part) nuclei.
Heterotrophs have (part) plasma membranes.
Heterotrophs have (part) sections.
Heterotrophs have (part) vacuoles.
Heterotrophs obtain the food molecules prepared by plants and other producers.
Heterotrophs obtain their food from other organisms, living or dead.
Heterotrophs survive by feeding on organic matter produced by or available in other organisms.
Heterotrophs use energy.
All heterotrophs are Animalia.
Most heterotrophs absorb food.
Most heterotrophs are completely dependent on autotrophs for food.
Most heterotrophs use energy.
Some heterotrophs eat autotrophs and use the energy in the autotroph's stored food.
Some heterotrophs obtain food.
Some heterotrophs obtain nutrients.
Heterotrophic algae are algae that take up organic molecules as a primary source of nutrition.
Heterotrophic bacteria can interfere with total coliform analysis.
Heterotrophic bacteria derive energy from the breakdown of organic molecules.
Heterotrophic bacteria require carbon compounds as a food source.
Most heterotrophic bacteria feed on materials.
Some heterotrophic bacteria inhabit intestinal tracks.
Some heterotrophic bacteria inhabit tracks.
Heterotrophic bacteria feed on materials.
Heterotrophic bacteriums are bacteriums.
Heterotrophic bacteriums are heterotrophs.
Heterotrophic growth is slow and inefficient.
Heterotrophic nutrition is the mode of nutrition exhibited by heterotrophs.
Heterotrophic organisms metabolize oxygen and plant biomass to produce carbon dioxide.
Heterotrophic plants depend on other organisms for nourishment.
Some heterotrophic plants look more like pale, fleshy fungi than flowering plants.
Heterotrophic prokaryotes obtain energy from organic matter.
Heterotrophic protists digest food.
Heterotrophic protists play key ecological roles in aquatic ecosystems.
Heterotrophic protists require organic chemicals from their environment.
Most heterotrophic protists digest food.
Heterotrophic systems have negative values for net ecosystem production.
Heterozygosity is a term that describes the difference between the two copies of the genome.
A heterozygote is a cell
Heterozygotes also express the dominant trait.
Heterozygotes are a large reservoir of genetic variability.
Heterozygotes are available for distribution in limited quantities.
Heterozygotes are clinically and haematologically normal.
Heterozygotes are normal.
Heterozygotes are phenotypically normal but are carriers of the trait.
Heterozygotes are phenotypically normal.
Heterozygotes are protected from malaria, however, which is what keeps the allele in the populaiton.
Heterozygotes are unaffected.
Heterozygotes are usually asymptomatic.
Heterozygotes are zygotes.
Heterozygotes can also develop thrombosis.
Heterozygotes display an intermediate level of sensitivity.
Heterozygotes exhibit a low penetrance of ectopic wing veins.
Heterozygotes exhibit both hair colors, and are referred to as tortoiseshell, or calico cats.
Heterozygotes have a normal phenotype.
Heterozygotes have a slective advantage against malaria.
Heterozygotes have an advantage over normal homozygotes.
Heterozygotes have intermediate levels but are clinically normal.
Heterozygotes have no advantage when infected individually with either pathogen.
Heterozygotes have severe anemia, splenomegaly.
Heterozygotes have short tails and other abnormalities.
Heterozygotes look normal.
Heterozygotes produce equal numbers of normal and dysfunctional enzymes.
Heterozygotes show a general pale yellow-green color.
Heterozygotes show both phenotypes, but no blending.
Heterozygotes show mild orotic aciduria but are otherwise unaffected.
Heterozygotes tend to run in circles and show a white patch of fur on their forehead or belly.
Heterozygotes usually have no bleeding manifestations.
Heterozygous achondroplasia is the most common nonlethal skeletal dysplasia.
Heterozygous advantage maintains genetic diversity at the human gene for one chain of hemoglobin.
Heterozygous animals are carriers.
Heterozygous animals express both maternal and paternal haplotypes.
Heterozygous carriers have an increased risk of thrombosis of up to sevenfold.
Heterozygous dominant is assumed unless otherwise stated.
Heterozygous females are generally much less severely affected.
Heterozygous fruit have orange phenotypes.
Heterozygous horses survive and are white, but homozygous white foals die in utero.
Heterozygous individual has both dominant and recessive alleles.
Heterozygous individual have a normal life span.
Heterozygous individuals are resistant to malaria.
Heterozygous individuals can pass on either of the two different alleles in their genetic makeup.
Heterozygous individuals have different phenotypes.
Heterozygous individuals have one copy of each allele.
Heterozygous individuals have phenotypes.
Heterozygous individuals have red blood cells that are only slightly effected.
Heterozygous individuals have severe phenotypes.
Heterozygous individuals have some resistance to malaria.
Heterozygous individuals produce segregating populations.
Heterozygous individuals show a combination of the two patterns.
Most heterozygous individuals have different phenotypes.
Most heterozygous individuals have phenotypes.
Most heterozygous individuals have severe phenotypes.
Heterozygous mice have a kinky tail, white feet, and a white spot at the ventral midline.
Some heterozygous mutation plays roles.
Heterozygous progeny express herbicide tolerance, although at a lower level than homozygotes.
Heterozygous twins resemble each other more in terms of intelligence than do fraternal twins.
Some heuristic algorithms are always fast, but sometimes fail to give good solutions.
Heuristic evaluation can also greatly increase the value of usability testing.
Heuristic evaluation has more usefulness to it.
Heuristic evaluation is done as a systematic inspection of a user interface design for usability.
Heuristic evaluation is performed by having each individual evaluator inspect the interface alone.
Heuristic evaluation is the most popular of the usability inspection methods.
Heuristic evaluation is well-suited for the Web because it can be easy, fast and inexpensive.
Heuristic evaluation is well-suited for the Web because it can be easy, fast, and inexpensive.
Heuristic guidelines are rules of thumb for web designers.
Heuristic knowledge is rules of thumb learned from experience.
Heuristic knowledge is used by artificial intelligence programs for reasoning.
Heuristic methods apply experience, insight and nonlinear thinking.
Heuristic methods constitute a third approach.
Heuristic methods make assumptions at the risk of missing some alignments.
Heuristic modification is performed by rule-based reasoning.
Heuristic procedures are under development.
Heuristic religions are based on fragmentary, unintegrated collections of meta-knowledge.
Heuristic scanners can also be slower.
Heuristic scanners look for patterns or activities that are virus like, changes in file sizes, etc.
Heuristic search is used to provide benchmarks for the effectiveness of the computation.
Heuristic search uses a heuristic function to help guide the search.
Heuristic solution approaches.
Heuristic strategies contain principles that can be viewed as processes or procedures of the domain.
Heuristic structure is detached from the actual content of that understanding.
Heuristic structures carry no content.
A heuristic is a formula
Heuristic is defined as enriched learning through problem-solving methods.
Heuristics are decision processes for quick thinking.
Heuristics are domain-specific knowledge, usually elicited from experts.
Heuristics are mental shortcuts cued by situational factors.
Heuristics are rules of thumb that allow humans to make decisions efficiently.
Heuristics are rules of thumb which improve efficiency.
Heuristics are rules.
Heuristics are shortcuts for thinking.
Heuristics are terministic screens.
Heuristics attempts to deflect such attacks by unrecognized viruses.
Heuristics convert the skeletal plan to an actual plan for a specific patient.
Heuristics depend on domain knowledge and on rules of thumb to help guide the search.
Heuristics is a common tool used in decision making.
Heuristics is the name for making wise trade-offs.
Heuristics is the science of making computers mimick human speech patterns.
Heuristics offer fast solutions but no guarantee of optimality.
Heuristics plays a more important role in the latter category.
Heuristics represent 'surface knowledge' about the domain, whereas rules represent 'deep knowledge'.
Heuristics utilized pose a particularly difficult problem since they are very difficult to obtain.
Heuristics weaken the mind.
Heuristics work pretty well most of the time.
HewlettUs background includes experience in both the academic and business worlds.
Hex code is a six character code that represents thousands of different colors.
Hex files can also give bad check sums if they over write the same address space.
Hex grid is used to regulate movement and combat.
Hex numbers are numbers given to colors.
Hex numbers have six digits.
Hex signs are the most widely recognized symbols associated with pow-wow magic.
Hex signs are very visible on Pennsylvania Dutch barns.
Hex values are also acceptable.
Hex values are right justified.
Hex Workshop is delivered electronically.
Hex wrench is included for simple zero adjustments.
A hex is charm
Hex dump style of debug packets.
Hex encoding effectively doubles the size of content.
Hex stirs it up into a polymorphic froth.
Hex works great.
Hexs are games.
Hexs are spells.
All hexes are clear, costing just one movement point each.
Some hexes contain economic centres, railways, ports, hills, mountains and rivers.
Hexachrome inks are more vibrant because they combine conventional and fluorescent inks.
Hexachrome proofs are available.
Hexadecimal codes are combinations of six numbers and letters that identify a specific color.
Hexadecimal codes can be tricky but some find easier to use.
Hexadecimal notation is a convenient way of representing the values in a byte with two characters.
Hexadecimal notation is mathematical notation
Hexadecimal notation is simple.
Hexadecimal number is displayed and can be copied to clipboard.
Hexadecimal numbers are a kind of shorthand for writing such strings.
Any hexadecimal number is a legal input value.
Any hexadecimal number is a legal value.
Hexadecimal view displays the fingerprint as a unique series of hexadecimal numbers.
A hexagon is a figure
Hexagons are a wonderful brainstorming tool.
Hexagons are figures.
Hexagons are polygons.
Hexagons are the best figure to show symmetry by rotation.
Hexagons are, of course, cross sections through the vector equilibrium.
Hexagonal cages are also fine and offer a variety of perching options.
Hexagonal cells are the ticket.
Hexagonal channels run vertically through the structure.
Hexagonal grids seem to offer a more stable support.
Hexagonal layouts are possible with many patterns.
Hexagonal patterns seem to develop easily in round pans.
Hexagonal plates are thin, solid, or partly snow crystals.
Hexagonal rings are present but pentagonal rings are required for the cage to close.
Hexagonal scales show through the scantily haired tail.
A hexagram is a star
Hexagrams are stars.
Hexagrams represent all possible worst case scenarios.
Every hexagram contains both good and bad outcomes.
Every hexagram has a main text and six connected texts.
Every hexagram has a structural opposite that serves as an extreme.
A hexahedron is a polyhedron
Hexahedron here means combinatorially equivalent to a cube.
Hexahedron is the first completed piece of the set.
A hexameter is a verse
Hexameters are really awfully simple, though.
Hexamminecobaltic chloride provides a simple method for marking neurones for electron microscopy.
Hexane can be toxic by inhalation, ingestion, or absorption through the skin.
Hexane has a six carbon chain and is nonpolar.
Hexane has no structures on it.
Hexane is a deadly poison.
Hexane is a straight chain hydrocarbon.
Hexane is a toxic air pollutant that, upon long-term exposure, can cause permanent nerve damage.
Hexane is added to the solution to initiate precipitation.
Hexane is alkane.
Hexane is also an excellent recrystallization solvent.
Hexane is an extremely hazardous substance used as a solvent in soybean oil extraction.
Hexane is chemical compounds.
Hexane is extremely flammable.
Hexane is flammable, has a high vapor pressure and can irritate the respiratory system.
Hexane is flammable.
Hexane is liquids.
Hexane is paraffin
Hexane is preferred as the solvent.
Hexane is regarded as a substance with good warning properties.
Hexane is solvent.
Hexane is to be preferred.
Hexane is used as an inert in the feed to lower the dew point of mixture.
Hexane is used for recrystalization.
Hexane is used to remove canola oil out of the canola plant. . .
Hexane is used to separate soybean oil from the flaked soybeans.
Hexane isa compound.
Hexane isa solvent.
Hexanes are very volatile.
Hexapods are the predecessor to our current array of insects.
Hexapods comprise insects and three small orders of insect-like animals with six thoracic legs.
Hexapods comprise insects.
Hexapods have a separate head, thorax and abdomen.
Hexavalent chromium can be toxic to people at low levels.
Hexavalent chromium can however be dangerous, no doubt about it, but it can be dealt with safely.
Hexavalent chromium causes cancer.
Hexavalent chromium is a highly toxic material as well as a suspected carcinogen.
Hexavalent chromium is a human carcinogen and is classified as a dangerous waste.
Hexavalent chromium is a know allergen to some people.
Hexavalent chromium is a potent carcinogen.
Hexavalent chromium is a potent human carcinogen and is known to cause lung cancer.
Hexavalent chromium is a potential carcinogen.
Hexavalent chromium is a toxic chemical added to water used to cool reactors.
Hexavalent chromium is the one that is of the most concern and warrants immediate attention.
Hexidecimal values match the swatches, moving from left to right.
Hexigonal sides are plain, tapered outwards towards top.
A hexose is simple sugar
Hexoses are the largest component in the cellulose part of softwoods, such as pine and spruce.
Hey guys Become a member of the wildcats web site.
Hey guys enjoy life as it happens.
Hey guys go to all the local shows ta fill em up.
Hey guys hope everyone had a great holiday.
Hey guys hope everything is going ok.
Hey kids remember the post office.
Hey silver is silver.
Hey sports is fame .
Hey stores are nice, but they're boring.
Hey summer is almost over - the last big weekend of the summer.
Many HFAC departments have additional endowed fellowships.
HG work continues, but there is only a marginal amount to do left on the structure.
HGH replacement improves sex drive, sexual performance, fertility, sperm production, and ovulation.
HGH restoration improves sax drive, saxual performance, fertility, sperm production, and ovulation.
HGH restoration improves sex drive, sexual performance, fertility, sperm production, and ovulation.
Hgrunt model is the most widely used skin on-line, which also makes it the most boring.
Hi isa greeting.
Hiatal hernia is a condition in which the stomach pushes up into the diaphragm muscle.
Hiatal hernia is a very common condition and has been associated with acid reflux.
Hiatal hernia is digestive disorder.
Hiatal hernia is hernia.
Hiatal hernia is herniation
Hiatal hernia is of various types.
Hiatal hernias are common after middle age.
Hiatal hernias are common after middle-age and usually have no symptoms.
Hiatal hernias are frequent.
Hiatal hernias are usually transient and associated with respiratory movements.
Hiatal hernias can cause heart burn and other people have reported an association with PVCs.
A hiatus is a piece
Hiatuses are also clues to catastrophic events in the history of the earth.
Hiatuses are bands.
Hiatuses are identifiable as two successive lines with different ages but the same depth level.
Hiatuses are more difficult to detect in cores than in sections.
Hiatuses are pieces.
Hibernate animals rely on food.
Hibernate bats use energy.
Hibernate bats use much energy.
Hibernate tortoises show variation.
Hibernation affects dormouses.
Hibernation Are active all winter.
Hibernation attempts by domesticated hedgehogs can be serious or fatal.
Hibernation begins in the fall.
Hibernation cuts down on the energy needed to stay alive.
Hibernation depends on temperature, species and abundance of food.
Hibernation differs from species to species.
Hibernation enables animals to survive long periods of cold.
Hibernation ends in the spring and mating takes place soon after.
Hibernation ends in the spring and mating takes place soon afterwards.
Hibernation ends in the spring, and mating takes place soon afterwards.
Hibernation happens when gopher tortoises metabolism runs low .
Hibernation helps animals survive the changing seasons.
Hibernation immediately conjures up images of bears slumbering in caves.
Hibernation induces expression of moesin in intestinal epithelial cells.
Hibernation is a common response to the cold winter of temperate climates.
Hibernation is a dormant sleep-like state.
Hibernation is a form of .
Hibernation is a form of adaptation where the animal s metabolism slows down to very low levels.
Hibernation is a great strategy that enables animals to conserve energy when food is scarce.
Hibernation is a key adaptation of the hedgehog during winter.
Hibernation is a path of evolution that was taken by most animals to survive harsh winters.
Hibernation is a period of rest lasting several months.
Hibernation is a process of deep comatose sleep.
Hibernation is a sleep-like state that lasts for extended time periods.
Hibernation is a sleep-like state.
Hibernation is a state of inactivity and metabolic depression in endotherms .
Hibernation is a state of reduced metabolic activity during the winter .
Hibernation is a technique that animals have developed in order to adapt to harsh climates.
Hibernation is a way for animals adapt to the changing climate.
Hibernation is a way for animals to avoid many of the stresses of winter.
Hibernation is akin to a period of deep sleep.
Hibernation is almost a requirement.
Hibernation is also an option, which enables faster start-up times.
Hibernation is an adaptation that helps black bears survive the winter.
Hibernation is an inactive state that some animals go into during cold weather to survive.
Hibernation is as pupa.
Hibernation is associated with a. b. c. d. circadian rhythms.
Hibernation is by nearly full-grown caterpillars.
Hibernation is by the third-stage caterpillars.
Hibernation is by third-stage caterpillars.
Hibernation is caused by cold, winter conditions.
Hibernation is clearly a strategy to promote over-winter survival.
Hibernation is controlled by an internal clock.
Hibernation is deeply mysterious.
Hibernation is dictated by climatic conditions and to a species trait.
Hibernation is dormancy.
Hibernation is just short of a complete shutdown.
Hibernation is light.
Hibernation is like a very deep sleep.
Hibernation is more than just sleep.
Hibernation is much like the daily burrowing activities of the lizard.
Hibernation is quite complex and fascinating.
Hibernation is retirement
Hibernation is retirement.
Hibernation is still a bit of a mystery for scientists.
Hibernation is still somewhat of a mystery and an amazing animal adaptation.
Hibernation is suggested by the seasonal accumulation of fat.
Hibernation is the process that occurs in mammals such as birds during the winter.
Hibernation is the way bears adapt to nature, and survive the harsh winter weather.
Hibernation is the way bears conserve energy through the season when their food supply disappears.
Hibernation is used by many organisms that remain hypothermic for days or weeks or months.
Hibernation is usually a safe way to pass the cold winter.
Hibernation is when an animal goes into a state of low metabolism due to extreme cold.
Hibernation is when animals slow down for the winter and fall into a sleep-like state.
Hibernation is where the name dormouse comes from.
Hibernation is, A state similar to sleep in which some animals pass the winter.
Hibernation isa condition.
Hibernation lasts for months.
Hibernation lasts till the return of spring, when they wake back in a bony-skinny shape.
Hibernation Learn about hibernation here.
Hibernation needs vary according to the type of turtle.
Hibernation occurs at the larval stage.
Hibernation occurs during winter months.
Hibernation occurs for about seven months.
Hibernation occurs in egg stage.
Hibernation occurs in mammals.
Hibernation occurs in members of almost every type of mammal.
Hibernation occurs in responses.
Hibernation occurs in the winter.
Hibernation occurs on land and occasionally in streams and springs.
Hibernation occurs when an animal remains inactive to save energy through the harsh winter.
Hibernation provides a means for an animal to conserve resources when food is scarce.
Hibernation reduces the bear's energy consumption at a time when food is scarce.
Hibernation refers to the dormant state some animals go into to survive the winter.
Hibernation roosts in caves or mines.
Hibernation saves the complete state of the computer and turns off the power.
Hibernation saves the complete state of the PC and removes power.
Hibernation seems to be less complete in prairie dogs than in true ground squirrels.
Hibernation sounds like a great alternative.
Hibernation takes place in winter, and estivation takes place in summer.
Hibernation takes places.
Hibernation too is a behavioural adaptation for surviving harsh winters.
Hibernation truly is a clever survival mechanism.
Hibernation turns off all power, thus conserving battery life.
Hibernation often takes place in large groups.
Hibernation usually ends earlier in warmer, more southern regions.
Hibernation usually takes place in the fall when they retreat to any shelter they can find.
Most hibernation affects dormouses.
Most hibernation lasts for months.
Most hibernation occurs in mammals.
Most hibernation occurs in responses.
Most hibernation takes places.
Some hibernation occurs in hollow trees.
Some hibernation occurs in trees.
Hibernian magic comes from two sources.
Hibernian magic is split into two parts.
A hibiscus is a mallow
Hibiscus combine well with other species.
Hibiscus come in a wide assortment of colors, blends and double-flowered selections.
Hibiscus leaves yellow with age and drop, making way for others to grow.
Hibiscuses are flowers.
Hibiscuses are mallows.
Hibiscuses are plants.
Hibiscuses vary greatly in height, depending on variety.
Most hibiscus are odorless, but some of the basic varieties have a modest fragrance.
Some hibiscus are suitable only as greenhouse plants when grown in Michigan.
HIC resin is like small grains of sand covered with a layer of fat.
Hican trees bear handsome foliage, and deserve planting for their ornamental qualities.
A hiccup is a reflex
A hiccup is a symptom
Hiccup accidentally wakes up a gigantic dragon, which also chases Hiccup.
Hiccup can also be due to fast chewing of food.
Hiccup falls off the side of a cliff.
Hiccup is in the process of a recovery.
Hiccup is nothing more than the village blacksmith's apprentice.
Hiccup isa reflex.
Hiccup isa symptom.
Hiccup manages to put the stone into the volcano.
Hiccups are a nervous spasm of the muscles controlling the diaphragm.
Hiccups are a result of spasms of the diaphragm.
Hiccups are a universal part of the human condition.
Hiccups are an option.
Hiccups are basically an involuntary inspiratory spasm of the diaphragm.
Hiccups are due to periodic spasms of the flat diaphragm muscle, which controls respiration.
Hiccups are due to stomach spasms.
Hiccups are involuntary actions caused by the combined action of the diaphragm and the epiglottis.
Hiccups are myoclonuses.
Hiccups are no laughing matter.
Hiccups are normal during infancy.
Hiccups are often rhythmic.
Hiccups are reflexs.
Hiccups are simple enough to explain.
Hiccups are symptoms.
Hiccups are very common and normal.
Hiccups can also be the result of overeating, stress, or minor stomach disorders.
Hiccups can be quite common in infants and are noted by mothers before their babies are born.
Hiccups can come in rapid succession or have long delays in between.
Hiccups persist for more than one hour.
Hiccups result from repeated, involuntary spasmodic contractions of the diaphragm.
Hiccups Take a warm slice of lemon and sprinkle salt, sugar and black pepper on it.
Any hiccups go back to lungeing first.
Some hiccups serve obvious purposes.
Some hiccups serve purposes.
Some hiccups serve useful purposes.
A hick is a common man
Hicks drive to win seems deeply ingrained, but it s also part of a desire to give something back.
Hicks now promises to get aggressive.
Hicks say and do hick things.
Hicks therefore becomes an unrestricted free agent.
Hickey also demonstrates the profound difference between treating the sick and treating the poor.
Hickey describes common errors in misestimating the size of bird flocks.
Hickey does at least one tour a week.
Hickey feels the application is incomplete until that question is resolved.
Hickey is depicted from the inside.
Hickey is erythema
Hickey is shot in the calf.
Hickey keeps track of how many streetcars are on the road and who is operating each car.
Hickey provides extremely important evidence about the directors' use of hospital resources.
Hickey s stunning portraits provide a heart-stopping counterpoint to Taylor s incisive prose.
Hickey says the new structure creates some challenges.
Hickey shows again and again the importance of local circumstances and of specific individuals.
Hickey takes a different tack.
Hickey thinks faith is very important.
Hickey wants a world of creativity and doubt.
Hickey often needs the fastest oscilloscope available for troubleshooting the company's product.
Hickman catheter see central venous line.
Hickory bark is a tough and resilient material used in traditional chair bottoming.
Hickory County is an opposite example.
Hickory County is authorized to enact a tourism tax on transient guests of hotels and motels.
Hickory Creek drains hills along the western boundary and eases eastward to meet the river.
Hickory Creek is about craftsmanship, integrity, and attention to detail.
Hickory golf makes a positive and memorable impact on all who take part.
Hickory hills has a swimming pool and bath house for members, plus a boat dock and fishing pier.
A hickory nut is a nut
Hickory nut is a natural green food and one of the best tasty nut varieties in China.
Hickory nuts are edible for humans as well as squirrels.
Hickory nuts are edible, but take considerable effort to produce significant quantities.
Hickory nuts begin to fall from the trees in middle to late summer.
Hickory nuts grow wild in the northern states.
Hickory nuts have a rich, buttery flavor.
Hickory nuts have an excellent rich flavour with a buttery quality due to their high fat content.
Hickory nuts have an excellent, rich flavor with a buttery quality due to their high fat content.
Hickory shad are plentiful at the fall line.
Hickory trees come in a number of species including the pecan, walnut and many others.
Hickory wood gives a strong traditional smoke flavor that is great for beef, ribs and ham.
Hickory wood is also a preferred type for smoking cured meats.
Hickory wood is heavy, hard, and strong.
Hickory wood is piled outside of the barn.
Hickory wood is very hard, stiff, dense and shock resistant.
Hickory wood is very heavy and dense.
A hickory is wood
Hickories are best for gray squirrels and fox squirrels.
Hickories are common in the broadleaf forests of the eastern and central parts of the United States.
Hickories are economically important tree.
Hickories are important food sources for wildlife.
Hickories are nut trees.
Hickories are plants.
Hickories are tolerant of construction and human activity.
Hickories are trees.
Hickories are valuable for their tough, hard wood.
Hickories are wood.
Hickories have bold, yellow leaves that hold for a long time.
Hickories have quality.
Hickories have straight trunks and spreading branches.
Hickories produce edible nuts.
Hickories produce excellent firewood.
Hickory gives a hearty flavor to pork, red meat, poultry and game.
Hickory imported from America is used to make golf shafts.
Hickory is a big gentle stand up mule that rides in the snaffle bit good.
Hickory is a consortium of U.S. companies.
Hickory is a dense wood with a wide open figure.
Hickory is a neat gal.
Hickory is a regional banking center with over one billion dollars in deposits.
Hickory is a remarkable material.
Hickory is a traditional favorite for turkey.
Hickory is a very strong, close-grained wood that is known to have wide variations in colors.
Hickory is also capable of withstanding a great deal of shock, making it highly durable.
Hickory is another.
Hickory is available as veneer and lumber.
Hickory is denser, heavier and more rigid than maple.
Hickory is fine for skis, bats, golf clubs, and poles.
Hickory is fun for all.
Hickory is located in Catawba County North Carolina.
Hickory is located less than a mile from the Snowshoe entrance.
Hickory is one of the fastest growing towns in the South East.
Hickory is perfect for ribs and pork shoulders.
Hickory is the most popular wood used for making drumsticks.
Hickory is too heavy.
Hickory is two counties north of Springfield.
Hickory is used for tables, furniture, and a variety of other uses.
Hickory is very hard.
Hickory is very tough.
Hickory is what axe handles are usually made of.
Hickory isa wood.
Hickory looks like a progressive and well run city.
Hickory works well with most meats, and mesquite works well for pork or beef.
Most hickories have quality.
Hidden assets are likely to be cashed in.
Many hidden benefits result from meeting and socializing with neighbors.
Hidden billet ends.
Hidden layers are useful only if the hidden units are nonlinear.
Many hidden lights create a dynamic entrance.
Hidden mandates are an unfair tax on American consumers.
Hidden secrets can be amazingly powerful.
Hidden space can be found by creative thinkers, the firm says.
Hidden stories are available here .
More hidden units accommodate more complex relationships.
Hidden windows are show in italic.
A hiddenite is a spodumene
Hiddenite occurs only in small crystals and is quite rare.
Some hide glues are sold without the gram strength specified.
Some hide glues are strong enough to pull the surface off glass, producing decorative chipping.
Hide places offer benefits.
Most hide places offer benefits.
Hide is animal skin
Hides are a uniform fawn color with some vertical white striping on the upper parts.
Hides are also randomly tested for adherence to physical property specifications.
Hides are laid or suspended in a pit in a similar lime solution.
Hides are suitable for wheelchair access.
Hides are worth their weight in gold in the market just now.
Hides are, of course, essential for nest photography.
Hides become clothing, feathers become quilts, bones become glue.
Hides come from large and mature animals.
Hides give splendid views of waders.
Hides have indefinite shelf life.
Hides overlook the heath, often affording excellent views of the Stone Curlews.
Hides provide clothing, containers, mattresses for their bedding and sandals for their feet.
Hides punctured by tick feeding are down-graded because of reduced tinsel strength.
All hides are sourced through strictly controlled culling programs in Namibia.
All hides are tanned and banded.
All hides are very clean and glossy.
Every hide has only one top grain layer and can have three, four or more split hide layers.
Every hide is unique, so no two pieces are the same.
Every hide is unique.
Most hides used in manufacturing of upholstery are cow or steer hides.
Hide-and-seek isa game.
A hideaway is a hiding place
Hideaways provides plenty of information concerning the benefits of joining a travel club.
Many hideaways are ideal spots to set up camp.
Many HiDEC projects are prototypes to demonstrate proof of concept.
Hideous laughter rings out from The walls, at something that deserves no chuckles at all.
Hideous misery is just what it is.
Hideous savagery is exhibited in war and man's savage rage knows no bounds.
Hideous stories abound about accidents which happned to people who ignored the warnings.
A hideout is a hiding place
Hideout isa place.
Hideout offers web hosting, web design, long distance cards, and classifieds.
A hiding place is a place
Hiding places are a necessary ingredient in any terrarium.
Hiding places are required.
Hiding places exist no more.
Hiding places have to be age-appropriate.
Most hiding places are obvious to the burglar.
Hiding accomplishes nothing.
Hiding begins with a reversal.
Hiding can be the easy option.
Hiding is a big issue.
Hiding is out of the question.
Hiding is privacies.
Hiding is the easiest and least expensive defense against intrusion attacks.
Hiding is the problem.
Hiding is unhealthy for the soul.
Hiding opens up the chance of uncovering by choice.
Hiding provides a safe alternative to useless and often injurious escape efforts.
Hiding provides no significant contribution to the current fight.
Hiding seems to provoke more unwanted interest.
Hiding takes three days to accomplish.
Hie wings are useless for flight.
All hiebook devices come with a full and working operating system installed on the device.
Hierachical files can be inefficient in some respects.
Hierarchal arrangement defines state structures.
Any hierarchial organization is prone to arbitrary and irrational actions.
Hierarchic lists come up all the time when designing software.
Hierarchic structure searches Simple or nested feature search.
Hierarchical access is still important and needs to be addressed.
Hierarchical access means navigating through various pages to find a particular core or fringe word.
Hierarchical approaches represent the best and most common middle ground.
Hierarchical architecture has consequences on the design of transaction management algorithms.
Hierarchical barriers erode.
Hierarchical clustering can be agglomerative or divisive .
Hierarchical clustering is a common computational approach used for microarray data analysis.
Hierarchical clustering is done using the alpha and beta criteria of cluster goodness.
Hierarchical clustering lets users chose more and more specific topics.
Hierarchical clustering provides an oppurtunity for local clients to correct such errors.
Hierarchical concepts are the problem.
Hierarchical content caching is investigated.
Hierarchical contents menus for folders and disks.
Hierarchical data binding allows easy display of nested content.
Hierarchical data is very diverse and is encountered in many forms.
Hierarchical decomposition is a time-honored method for information organization.
Hierarchical decomposition is adopted to simplify the analysis.
Hierarchical designations are possible by utilizing letters in conjunction the angles.
Hierarchical directories are also connective structures in two dimensions.
Hierarchical display appears at bottom of screen.
Hierarchical encodings break the media stream into an ordered collection of layers.
Hierarchical indexes provide more specificity when needed.
Hierarchical knowledge influences stimulus-response compatibility effects.
Hierarchical leadership calls up heroic images, but they have always been flawed.
Hierarchical lists guide the user to relevant sites.
A hierarchical menu is a list
Hierarchical menus can take ages to load.
Hierarchical methods emphasizing geometrical approaches are of particular interest.
Hierarchical methodology wastes bandwidth.
Hierarchical models are useful for complex dynamic worlds.
Hierarchical modulation is highly desirable.
Hierarchical networks are necessary to provide scalability.
Hierarchical networks consist of a number of loosely-coupled subnets, arranged in layers.
Hierarchical order is created in society just as it is created by designers in our work.
Hierarchical organization allows isolation of traffic on the channel.
Hierarchical organization helps people make sense of masses of information.
Hierarchical organization is shown using indentation, much like a textbook.
Hierarchical organization requires active learning.
Hierarchical queries combine the result sets from several flat queries in a tree structure.
Hierarchical simulation is supported.
Hierarchical spreadsheets have a grid of cells for each diagram statement.
Hierarchical stacks prevent that.
A hierarchical structure is a data structure
Hierarchical structure eliminates the dominant scaling limit of routing algorithm.
Hierarchical structure is imposed on space to allow efficient spatial reasoning.
Hierarchical structures are data structures.
Hierarchical structures are one of the key foundations of the sciences and our knowledge systems.
Hierarchical systems allow the breakdown of complex shapes into simpler ones.
Hierarchy statements are listings of elements under a specific object.
Hierarchy support means nested content.
A hierarchy is an organization
Hierarchies allow a compact and structured organization of knowledge.
Hierarchies are all over the Internet, outlines are great for creating and browsing hierarchies.
Hierarchies are antithetical to the business of making art.
Hierarchies are common, but nowhere near as common as programmers think.
Hierarchies are easy to understand.
Hierarchies are found in countless species, but they are especially extreme in humans.
Hierarchies are great.
Hierarchies are implicit in most catalog data.
Hierarchies are irrelevant.
Hierarchies are minimal.
Hierarchies are organizations.
Hierarchies are part of administration.
Hierarchies are part of systems.
Hierarchies are serieses.
Hierarchies are strict.
Hierarchies are the norm here in human- land.
Hierarchies are, they exist.
Hierarchies become stable.
Hierarchies break down.
Hierarchies can be real, virtual, or purely imaginary.
Hierarchies come up all the time in application software and operating systems.
Hierarchies delay decisions.
Hierarchies determine access to food, especially when browse is limited.
Hierarchies exist even in poverty.
Hierarchies exist to be subverted.
Hierarchies exist with males being the most dominant.
Hierarchies flatten out.
Hierarchies hate flexibility.
Hierarchies have a difficult time fighting networks.
Hierarchies manifest the development from gross to fine levels.
Hierarchies occur naturally in most fields, specially in accounting.
Hierarchies provide the framework for bureaucracies.
Hierarchies provide ways of organizing and thinking about information in a systemic structure.
Hierarchies represent a great way in which to organize information on a computer.
Hierarchies tend to spawn bureaucracy.
Hierarchies work best if they are based on some sort of logic that is apparent to the user.
Hierarchy allows a centralized communication network.
Hierarchy allows full path of the tree to constitute element's identification for processing.
Hierarchy are absolutely certain they are right.
Hierarchy can give way to differentiation.
Hierarchy compensates for the individual's limited capacity to choose goals.
Hierarchy divides society into the powerful and powerless.
Hierarchy has an even nastier reputation.
Hierarchy has to be rigidly maintained in a healthy coyote family.
Hierarchy is a framework that the vine of trust grows on.
Hierarchy is a little bit cumbersome.
Hierarchy is a logical way to present information - it is very easy to understand and comprehend.
Hierarchy is a system in which items are ranked above or below each other.
Hierarchy is a technique used in a network to gain the benefits from high capacity channels.
Hierarchy is a traditional way of organizing people into groups.
Hierarchy is a vertical system of management and subordination.
Hierarchy is a very religious concept.
Hierarchy is about attaching relative values to symptoms.
Hierarchy is an unmistakable feature of Javanese society.
Hierarchy is based more on the quality of one's ideas than on institutional rank.
Hierarchy is based on age and size but also on alliances and friendships.
Hierarchy is based on merit, selflessness and vigour in the service of Spain.
Hierarchy is cruel.
Hierarchy is defended because it provides continuity and encourages diversity.
Hierarchy is determined again by unwritten laws.
Hierarchy is evident in all of nature.
Hierarchy is exported by default if animation is exported.
Hierarchy is found in nature.
Hierarchy is highly respected and a lack of deference to an elder is cause enough for exile.
Hierarchy is important and a sense of balance is required.
Hierarchy is important.
Hierarchy is one of the central structural schemes that the architect of complexity uses.
Hierarchy is out.
Hierarchy is preponderant.
Hierarchy is shunned, with consensus being the main decision-making mecahnism.
Hierarchy is still appropriate sometimes, but delegation is also important.
Hierarchy is the oly hope in a crisis.
Hierarchy is the political theme of the society of brute force.
Hierarchy is to be respected even in the street.
Hierarchy is when one person is seen as being more important than another person.
Hierarchy isa series.
Hierarchy looks very different from the lofty heights than from the bottom.
Hierarchy means holy government and sacred order.
Hierarchy means that some people are officially in positions of power over others.
Hierarchy means top-down, like a pyramid.
Hierarchy naturally falls in place when etiquette is respected.
Hierarchy organizes from the general to the specific.
Hierarchy provides the dominant forces with a legitimised power and a sense of control.
Hierarchy results from the fall, in which both man and woman participated.
Hierarchies usually look like an outline or tree or directory structure.
All hierarchies are wrong as they are a practice of domination.
Any hierarchy is an interpreted thing.
Every hierarchy has a chain of command.
Some hierarchies are part of brainstems.
Some hierarchies are part of economy.
Some hierarchies are part of ecosystems.
Some hierarchies are part of government.
Some hierarchies are part of networks.
Some hierarchies are part of reticuli.
Some hierarchies are part of schemes.
Some hierarchies are part of systems.
Hierdie web is beter as enige boek wat mens kan koop.
A hieroglyph is a writing
Hieroglyphs are little pictures representing words.
Hieroglyphs are obscure symbols, but they are also very ancient.
Hieroglyphs are small pictures used to write like our alphabet.
Hieroglyphs are writing.
Hieroglyphs rely heavily on context to determine whether an image is read as a sound or symbol.
Some hieroglyphs are pictures representing an object such as a hand or bird.
Many hieroglyphic letters are fourteen inches in length.
Most hieroglyphic signs are pictures of people, animals, plants or other things.
Most hieroglyphic signs are pictures of people, animals, plants or things.
Hieroglyphic texts announce that the figures are high officials of the palace.
Hieroglyphic texts are an integral part of many ceramic vessels.
Hieroglyphic texts describe the activity and, in a few cases, document the speech of the workers.
Hieroglyphic texts tell of pyramid towns and cite the names of mayors and overseers.
Hieroglyphic writing develops.
Hieroglyphic writing is like a picture puzzle.
A hieroglyphic is a writing
Hieroglyphics are a form of ancient writing.
Hieroglyphics are a fun and interesting topic to learn about.
Hieroglyphics are as much an artform as a means of expressing ideas and information.
Hieroglyphics are bands.
Hieroglyphics are notation.
Hieroglyphics are picture symbols representing an idea, object, or sound.
Hieroglyphics run along the top loop, as well as down the front leg.
Hieroglyphics usually refers to the writing of ancient Egypt.
Hietalahti market is nearby.
High abundances occur particularly in crop fields and urbanized areas.
High academics depend on strong teachers and a solid curriculum.
High accuracies are indicative of animals that have a large number of progeny records.
High accuracy allows for precise body volume and subsequent body fat measurements.
High accuracy is a fundamental requirement for all measurements.
High accuracy is achieved for applications requiring sub-pixel registration.
High accuracy is obtained for global quantities like rolling force and torque.
High achievement is at the top of the list.
High achievement is our expectation for all.
High achievement is related to high expectations.
High achievement takes place in the framework of high expectation.
High achiever feels pressured by parents.
High achievers are unaffected by circumstances.
High achievers do have secrets.
High achievers enjoy evaluating their success and low achievers attempt to avoid failure.
High achievers know that the best goals accomplish many great outcomes, all at one time.
High achievers learn how to elevate their effectiveness and influence . . . and increase results.
High acidity can be okay in white wines, but is very disrupting in red wines.
High acidity combined with the presence of dissolved gases makes the source corrosive.
High acidity dissolves many fibers and dyes.
High acidity is thus our main quality problem, but in conjunction with rind puffing.
High ACTs mean nothing.
High action is difficult to play but allows buzz-free high volume playing.
High adhesion ensures superior seal for flexible duct work.
High adventure combined with a fine narrative style leave the reader breathless.
High aim is to isolate school and program effects but needs to check for unanticipated influences.
High alcohol accentuates spicy heat, making it seem even hotter.
High aldosterone can cause fluid retention.
High aldosterone means sodium is retained, which means that fluid is retained.
High alkalinity can significantly increase the root medium pH over time.
High alkalinity interferes with the bonding chemistry of most finishing sealants.
High altitude animals have differences.
High altitude regions have snow.
High altitude affects the rising time of yeast bread doughs as leavening gases expand more quickly.
High altitude allows easy identification of landmarks.
High altitude can cause dizziness, fatigue and nausea.
High altitude causes dizzinesses.
High altitude coupled by direct sunlight accelerates dehydration.
High altitude is more than lack of oxygen.
High altitude lakes in Mt. Everest region.
High altitude leads to further dehydration.
High altitude means increased sun exposure and reduced oxygen - take precautions.
High altitude nozzles for propane and butane are also available.
High altitude slows the growth of the plant and results in a superior quality.
High altitude tempers the climate, the vineyards are warm by day and cool by night.
High altitudes are apt to make the head dizzy.
High altitudes are colder than low altitudes.
High altitudes can affect the brain, creating confusion, bad judgement, and other problems.
High altitudes can also boost a runner's performance.
High altitudes can cause breathing problems, even in young people.
High altitudes can detrimentally affect quality.
High altitudes make for short growing seasons.
High altitudes mean less atmosphere to filter out UV rays.
High altitudes seem to help mileage a bit with the thinner air despite loss in power.
High altitudes tend to have less problems with malaria.
Some high altitude lakes provide trout fishing in Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador and Venezuela.
High ammonia is extremely toxic and inflammatory to the body.
High amounts can be toxic, causing hair and nail loss.
High amounts can cause fetal alcohol syndrome, which can result in mental and growth retardation.
High amounts can lead to restlessness and insomnia.
High amplitude calls for using the whole range of flexion and extension.
High Analysts say there's plenty of demand for companies that can build and host commerce sites.
High angles avoid actor-actor shadows.
High angles tend to diminish the viewer's sense of the subject.
High ankle sprains, on the other hand, can remain symptomatic for as long as nine months.
High arches are usually neutral or underpronators.
High arsenic can make selenium deficiency worse.
High art is meant to be understood and appreciated at an intellectual level.
High art is usually incomprehensible, because it was intended to be.
High art meets high spirits on the trampoline of the movie's plot.
High aspiration can only mean a drive to compete with the very best.
High aspirations are more likely to act as barriers to delinquency than as motivators for it.
High assessments can make agricultural production uneconomical.
High attacks can be block standing or ducked by crouching.
High attendance equals high revenue.
High attendance is almost always the sign of a good student.
High attendance makes it much more enjoyable to play.
High attendance reflects unique nature of French-African relations.
High attrition is common in online activities.
High attrition is injurious to health.
High availability adds even more value to our products.
High availability features that ensure dependable operation and keep data safe.
High availability is a key focal point in commercial clusters .
High availability is accomplished through battery-protected and mirrored write cache.
High availability is achieved by maintaining parity information for the file system.
High availability is an important piece of the puzzle.
High availability is another important feature of the messaging architecture.
High availability is as important to e-commerce as breathing is to humans.
High availability is attained by rebuilding the contents of a failed disk on a spare disk or areas.
High availability is available during agreed-upon service hours.
High availability is essential to the end user.
High availability is extremely subjective.
High availability is limited by insufficiently robust software and by hardware failures.
High availability is on the minds of infrastructure designers across the communication market.
High availability is supported by the use of redundancy and hot swappable components.
High availability is the result of mirroring and multiple servers.
High availability is therefore a critical business enabler for today's e-commerce Web sites.
High availability requires careful design at all levels of system implementation.
High bacteria counts in the water close beaches each year.
High bales are sometimes easier to get up than they are to get down without problems.
High bandwidth allows fast transmission or high-volume transmission.
High bandwidth allows large blocks of data to be transferred efficiently between processors.
High bandwidth is critical to the development of digital knowledge systems.
High bandwidth is high capacity and low bandwidth is low capacity.
A high bar is sports equipment
High bar is the most spectacular event in men's gymnastics.
High bars indicate more points in a class, and low bars indicate less points.
High bass pumps through the speakers.
A high beam is a ray
High beam consists of both beams on, with the low beam wired direct.
High beams are beams.
High beams blind the driver.
High beams increase the glare and reduce visibility.
High beams induce photosynthesis.
High beams reflect water vapor and make it harder to see.
High beds means luxurious beds which are soft and well-sprung.
High bid gets the free agent, with the team lower in the standings winning any ties.
High bid has first choice.
High bids written on the boards are unofficial high bids.
High bidder has first choice.
High bidder is awarded sale.
High bidder is posted each day.
High bidder pays insured shipping.
High bidder pays shipping and insurance.
High bidder picks the trump suit.
High bidder takes the item.
High bidders get a special menu and a open bar.
High biodiversity appears related to high specialization of species.
High blood pressure causes damage.
High blood sugar causes follow symptoms.
High blood sugar causes symptoms.
High blood sugars and angina.
High blood sugars before supper are much less likely to be due to a rebound.
High blood sugars cause damage to nerves throughout the body.
High blood sugars in the mother produce high insulin levels in the baby.
High blood sugars over time can cause various symptoms to all parts of the body.
High body fats.
High bolsters keep hand from shifting on the handle.
High bolsters keep the hand from shifting on the handle.
High bolsters keep the hand from slipping.
High boots make their appearance here too, along with mid-calf boots and lighter ankle boots.
High booths surround the perimeter of the eating area, and the tables are large slabs of wood.
High branches are markedly thinner and smoother than low branches.
High breathing refers to what takes place primarily in the upper part of the chest and lungs.
High bridge has a large pool, about six basketball courts, and a extensive baseball field.
High bridges are, of course, terrain objects that allow units to move across gorges and canyons.
High brightness means that the x rays are highly concentrated.
High buildings appear to 'keel over' in the direction away from the centre of the photograph.
High buildings contain a fire alarm system designed to alert occupants when activated.
High bypass allows for operation at low battery conditions or for top speed in close situations.
High cabinets are a good place to store laundry detergent, fabric softener and spray starch.
High cadence sunspot observations.
High calcium can deplete magnesium.
High calcium intake early in life correlates with severity.
High calcium reduces copper absorption by increasing the pH of the intestinal contents.
High calibre play, indeed.
High calls receive attention within twenty-four hours or the next work day.
High Capacity Contains large disposable filter cartridge allowing longer periods of filtration.
High capacity fixed drives and CD-ROM allow for all exhibits to be included on one system.
High Capacity Keep a spare battery on hand to limit downtime.
High capacity means fewer tape exchanges.
High capacity provides outstanding price, performance and midrange capacity.
High carbohydrate food contains proteins.
Some high carbohydrates cause spikes.
High carbon steel offers lateral stability.
High carbon steel offers stability.
High card breaks ties.
High card takes the pot, everyone else who stayed in matches the pot.
High card wins the pile.
High card wins, everyone else who stayed in matches the pot.
High cards take tricks, and when a suit is void, Spades are trump and can take the trick.
High ceiling enable easy clearance and movement of goods.
High ceiling gives feeling of spaciousness.
High ceilings accentuate the spacious and bright surroundings.
High ceilings are located in supermarkets.
High ceilings augment a feeling of spaciousness here.
High ceilings can add to that effect.
High ceilings compliments the age.
High ceilings fireplace private drive.
High ceilings give graceful way to a canopied four-poster bed and museum quality furnishings. .
High ceilings give graceful way to a canopied four-poster bed and museum quality furnishings.
High ceilings give open feeling.
High ceilings give the strength center a comfortable atmosphere.
High ceilings impart a feeling of freedom and comfort.
High ceilings let the hot air of summer rise above and out of the living space.
High ceilings make the rooms feel cavernous and a large storage closet is available in each suite.
High ceilings provide ideal staging opportunities.
High ceilings suggest a tall tree.
High chair has a wide stable base.
High chair has waist and crotch restraining straps that are independent of the tray.
High chairs are also available.
High chairs are available at all of the family-oriented dining areas.
High chairs are available upon request.
High chairs are available with the option of children's menus.
High chairs are available.
High chairs are uncommon at London eateries.
High challenges are typically on poles and platforms up off the ground.
High channel cutting the upper surface has a coffer dam across it to protect the bridge downstream.
High check bouncing fees drive the business.
High cheekbones indicates a strong personality, extravertive, managerial and compassionate.
High cholesterol can also cause heart problems.
High cholesterol can be a a symptom for a deeper problem, such as obesity or atherosclerosis.
High cholesterol can be a cause of heart attack and stroke.
High cholesterol can begin in childhood with poor eating habits and lack of exercise.
High cholesterol can cause cramps, chest pain, heart attacks and strokes.
High cholesterol can impair circulation to inflamed or swollen joints.
High cholesterol can lead to heart problems.
High cholesterol can run in families, for example, due to genetic factors.
High cholesterol can run in families.
High cholesterol causes hardening of the arteries.
High cholesterol causes sticky substances, called plaques, to be deposited on artery walls.
High cholesterol clogs arteries.
High cholesterol contributes to heart disease and heart attack.
High cholesterol contributes to the build-up of plaque in the artery walls.
High cholesterol has no symptoms.
High cholesterol has no warning signs.
High cholesterol increases risk of heart disease in young men.
High cholesterol increases the risk of coronary heart disease.
High cholesterol increases the risk of heart diseases.
High cholesterol is a classic one, anaemia is another.
High cholesterol is a known risk for diabetes patients.
High cholesterol is a leading risk factor for heart disease.
High cholesterol is a major risk factor for heart disease.
High cholesterol is a risk factor for people with heart disease.
High cholesterol is a risk factor.
High cholesterol is an excessive level of cholesterol in the blood.
High cholesterol is an important risk factor for heart disease.
High cholesterol is associated with cardiovascular disease.
High cholesterol is common after a kidney transplant.
High cholesterol is linked to blockage of arteries and heart attacks.
High cholesterol is linked to heart disease.
High cholesterol is linked to strokes, hardening of the arteries, and heart attacks.
High cholesterol is one factor in atherosclerosis, high blood pressure, and heart attacks.
High cholesterol is one of the five major risk factors of heart disease.
High cholesterol is one of the main causes of heart disease and heart attacks.
High cholesterol is the leading cause of heart disease.
High cholesterol is thought to be a risk factor for stroke.
High cholesterol is treatable through diet, exercise, and medication.
High cholesterol is, of course, a scientifically documented risk factor for heart disease.
High cholesterol leads to plaque on artery walls.
High cholesterol needs to be controlled first by diet.
High cholesterol runs in families.
High cholesterol runs in our family.
High cholesterol See a doctor about any chest pains.
Some high cholesterol causes diseases.
Some high cholesterol causes heart diseases.
High circulation means high profits.
High class families face crises.
High classes meet.
High clearance is suggested.
High cliffs border the excellent beach.
High cliffs change into beautiful sand beaches.
High cliffs make it dangerous to venture close to the edges.
High cliffs overlook the lake and the dam with great panoramic views and scenic points.
High cliffs provide excellent vantage points for observing marine mammals.
High cliffs tower over the edge of the sea in some places.
High cloud cover, most vegetation, and difficult or dangerous access are no longer a problem.
High clouds appear bright in part of the spectrum used for the images.
High clouds are cold at the top.
High clouds are poor shortwave reflectors but efficient longwave blockers.
High clouds are the types of clouds that produce a warming effect.
High clouds are very cold, so they appear white.
High clouds drift aside.
High clouds float through clear skies, and although it's chilly the sun makes the day bright.
High clouds give motion to shadows in the woods.
High clouds mean good weather.
High clouds reflect less energy, but trap more of The energy emitted by the surface.
High clouds tend to be darker, where low clouds are lighter colored.
High clouds tend to trap heat and have a warming effect.
High clouds turn into an overcast at night.
High clouds warm the Earth's surface.
Some high clouds contain crystal.
Some high clouds contain ice crystal.
Some high clouds have bases.
High cohesion indicates good class subdivision.
Some high collars cover mouths.
All high collateral veins drain directly into the femoral vein.
High color uses two bytes of information to store the intensity values for the three colors.
A high command is a leaders
High command can reveal a man's character flaws.
High commissions are a big bonus too.
High commissions give way to a software-smartened appliance as ubiquitous as a toaster.
High complexity increases operational costs and vice versa.
High compliance is one of the key elements that leads to lowest-possible pricing.
High compression forming is used to provide a mechanically and electrically sound termination.
High compression is especially valuable in restricted engines as a means of boosting horsepower.
High compression is gained at the cost of speed.
High compression produces smaller files but poorer quality images.
High compression produces smaller files, but also a drop in image quality.
High compression reduces muscle vibration, a major cause of muscle fatigue.
High concentration affects functions.
High concentration is required to keep the wings level with bad low speed roll control authority.
High concentrations applied to skin can cause blistering.
High concentrations are dangerous even for a short time.
High concentrations are dangerous for even brief periods .
High concentrations are destructive of mucous membranes.
High concentrations are extremely destructive to tissues of the mucous membranes.
High concentrations are extremely destructive to tissues of the skin and eyes.
High concentrations are extremely destructive to tissues of the skin.
High concentrations are flammable and can be poisonous.
High concentrations are found in the terminal ileum and colon, being maximal in the rectum.
High concentrations are fungicidal, whereas low concentrations are fungistatic.
High concentrations are hazardous for people with heart and respiratory ailments.
High concentrations are toxic .
High concentrations are very destructive of mucous membranes.
High concentrations can also affect the lung.
High concentrations can be fatal within minutes.
High concentrations can cause headache, dizziness, narcosis and nausea.
High concentrations can cause lung damage.
High concentrations can cause severe damage to the respiratory system and can be fatal.
High concentrations can cause suffocation.
High concentrations can create a reaction with ammonia resulting in damaged metals.
High concentrations can have a narcotic effect.
High concentrations cause a discoloration referred to as extractive bleeding.
HIGH concentrations cause central nervous system depression.
High concentrations have a narcotic effect.
High concentrations produce headache, dizziness, nausea and vomiting.
High concentrations produce narcosis and hypoglycemia.
High concentrations remove all microorganisms but destroy the appearance of the fillets.
High concentrations stimulate ethylene production.
Some high concentration accompanies growth.
High concept is a very simple concept that others can easily relate to.
High concept is what it's called.
High concurrency exists in the requirements, program definition, and system engineering planning.
High conductance indicates that electrical charge moves easily through a membrane.
High confidence is recommended for the study.
High connection costs for long-distance calling.
High consumption has far more impact upon our environment than type of consumption.
High context meets low context.
High contrast comes forward, muted tones and grays move back.
High contrast equates to a colormap that occupies only a small fraction of the color bar.
High contrast helps in observing fainter objects and in discerning subtle visual details.
High contrast helps older people see boundaries better.
High contrast helps the scanner avoid mistakes.
High contrast is another problem to overcome in canyons.
High contrast is desired.
High contrast is equally important for histological photographs.
High contrast is important.
High contrast is necessary for clear, readable text.
High contrast is preferred on the screen so the print has the greatest clarity.
High contrast shows the crater relief in sharp detail.
Some high contrast shots cause problems for software codecs.
High control Has the potential for assaultive behavior or a history as a large scale drug dealer.
High copper can be toxic.
High copper interferes with zinc, which is needed to manufacture digestive enzymes.
High correlation exists between bladder and PA temperature.
High correlation suggests causality but the system is imperfect.
High correlations correspond to ellipses that are narrow across the diagonal.
High correlations indicate a well-balanced system that mostly agrees with the consensus.
High cost is a major factor.
High cost is just the start.
High cost is probably the single most important factor excluding poor children from school.
High cost is the major barrier.
High cost is the obvious problem.
High costs affect everyone.
High costs are a constant frustration in rural areas.
High costs are a factor in any project.
High costs are a primary reason for developing alternates to nursing home care.
High costs are also a restraining factors.
High costs are likely to deter cus-tomers and corporations from electronic commerce.
High costs are what private providers want.
High costs associated with changes in business processes require streamlining operations.
High costs can be a huge barrier to furthering one s education.
High costs continue to be amassed.
High costs drive long established families out of the area, and keep new families from coming in.
High costs give energy-intensive industries strong incentives to save.
High costs Learn more about the high cost of depression in the workplace.
High costs mean high incomes and high profits for private practice doctors and private hospitals.
High costs mean PC cards are used mainly with portable computers.
High costs represent the major challenge of international online services.
High counts can cause strokes, etc., and can be a marker for polycythemia vera.
High counts can persist well into the evening on hot days in cities.
High counts reduce statistical noise.
High counters are difficult for someone in a sitting position to access.
A high country is an area
High Country Offers adventure tours in Morocco.
High coupling implies larger program size.
High court allows domain name fees.
High court invalidates parts of presidential vote, further angering opposition.
High court postpones Va.
High creativity is our plus .
High creativity is our plus.
High crime increases the cost of doing business here, which impacts jobs and economic development.
High crime means high workload and greater danger on the job.
High crime translates into low rates of businesses formation in black neighborhoods.
High culture has the financial structures to pay the way of a promising musician.
High culture is celebrated while social ills continue uncured.
High culture is the point of reference.
High culture speaks the same language as popular culture, even blurs into it.
High cupboards fall onto kitchen counters and floors.
High current can also be a problem in the rivers and canals.
High current is never dangerous as long as it remains contained inside a wire.
High currents allow too much power, or electrical energy to be wasted in wires in the form of heat.
High debris flow potential on steep slopes.
High debt can kill a sale.
High debt leaves the State vulnerable to economic upheaval.
High debt places a requirement on the business to generate a lot of cash to sustain the debt.
High deductibles apply.
High definition is alive and well.
High definition is the state of being well filled with data.
High definition is the state of being well-filled with data.
High demand puts upward pressure on prices.
High densities are observed in areas with abundant food and cover.
High densities correlates with semi-massive sulphides.
High densities mean little space for parks and other amenities.
High densities produce small, poorly branched seedlings.
High density can produce intensified competition for resources, such as food, shelter, etc.
High density cubed foam allows for customization.
High density is created with a four-level aluminum metalization system.
High density is indicative of an explosive.
High density is recommended.
High density is the key to less sprawl, more open space and greater mass transit feasibility.
High density is the source of strong natural character.
High density is the urban areas while Medium and low density are rural areas.
High detail can get somewhat blurred when the slide is projected, so make things a little bolder.
High detail carries with it high facet count, so be careful.
High detail is used when the object needs to look realistic when up close.
High digestibility means lower feeding cost.
High digestibility reduces stool volume and feeding costs.
High diversity indicates a complex community with many interactions.
High diversity provides many different, highly divergent schools of thought.
High dividends are one of the key factors sought by investors when judging the value of a stock.
High docks present a real challenge to kayakers.
High doses are more likely to produce such effects.
High doses can affect the liver.
High doses can also damage bone marrow , lead to anemia , and cause hair loss.
High doses can also reduce iron absorption.
High doses can be laxative.
High doses can cause abdominal pain, diarrhea, metallic taste, nausea, and vomiting.
High doses can cause coma, but there are no records of fatal overdose.
High doses can cause drops in blood pressure and can raise blood sugar in people with diabetes.
High doses can cause headache, dry skin, low blood pressure and slowing of heart rate and breathing.
High doses can cause insomnia and high blood pressure.
High doses can cause intestinal upset and constipation.
High doses can cause kidney stones and other serious problems.
High doses can cause loss of co-ordination, tremors, dizziness and sweats.
High doses can cause miscarriage or fetal defect in pregnant women.
High doses can cause stomach upset.
High doses can cause tremors, loss of coordination and death from stroke or heart failure.
High doses can cause vomiting and drowsiness.
High doses can interfere with the body's immune function.
High doses can kill so many cells that tissues and organs are damaged immediately.
High doses can lead to increased blood pressure, water retention and potassium loss.
High doses can lead to overdose.
High doses can lead to side effects.
High doses can lower the epileptic threshold.
High doses can produce paranoia, and users can become aggressive and violent.
High doses can stop breathing.
High doses cause abnormal liver enzymes.
High doses cause dilation of arteries and reduction of blood lipids.
High doses cause vomiting, which tends to limit the total amount that can be ingested.
High doses inhibit the immune system.
High doses intensify the effects.
High doses lead to hypoventilation and atelectasis.
High doses lead to interference with proper functioning of the immune system.
High doses require a doctor's prescription because high doses can cause seizures in epileptics.
High dosage leads to hyperactivity, convulsion and respiratory paralysis.
High dosages can produce laughing, feelings of floating, illusions, time and space distortions.
High dose estrogens for menopause decrease the risk of cancer.
High doses are more dilute but have a stronger potential to relieve symptoms.
High doses are toxic and has side effects.
High doses are usually fatal.
High doses can also cause death to user.
High doses can also cause severe stomach upset and a tendency toward abnormal bleeding.
High doses can be toxic and cause symptoms such as headaches, dry and scaly skin and liver damage.
High doses can cause coma, but there are no records of fatal overdose.
High doses can cause convulsions.
High doses can cause death.
High doses can cause delirium, disorientation and seizures.
High doses can cause diarrhea, nausea or skin rash, in some people.
High doses can cause diarrhea.
High doses can cause hallucinations, coma and brain damage.
High doses can cause irregular heartbeats and severe tremors.
High doses can cause kidney stones, diarrhea and nausea.
High doses can cause overdose, regardless of how the drug is taken.
High doses can cause problems, such as an increased tendency to have migraine headaches.
High doses can cause stereotypes, suspiciousness.
High doses can cause vomiting and drowsiness.
High doses can cause vomiting, lowered blood pressure and lowered heart rate.
High doses can damage the kidneys.
High doses can exacerbate depression symptoms.
High doses can increase the risk for bleeding problems and possible hemorrhagic stroke.
High doses can kill outright.
High doses can lead to cardiac irregularities.
High doses can lead to increased blood pressure, water retention and potassium loss.
High doses can produce hallucinations.
High doses can produce paranoia, and users can become aggressive and violent.
High doses can result in a loss of personal identity and hallucinations.
High doses can significantly reduce foodborne viruses.
High doses can trigger heart attack, respiratory collapse, seizures, stroke, and death.
High doses cause mental retardation and death.
High doses lead to heavier sedation and can impair both mental sharpness and physical co-ordination.
High doses lead to interference with proper functioning of the immune system.
High doses produce distorted perceptions and mescaline-like hallucinations.
High drag is achieved through a large circular cloth drogue attached to the float.
High drama is the order of the day when teens are under stress.
High drive is fundamental to maintaining sustained high energy in the dog while working sheep.
High dues are also common.
High dust holding capacity allows for fewer air filter changeouts.
High dust vents, lights, clocks, pipes and connecting and horizontal wall surfaces.
High dust vents, lights, clocks, pipes and venetian blinds.
High dust vents, lights, clocks, pipes, venetian blinds and connecting and horizontal wall surfaces.
High dust vents, lights, pipes and connecting and horizontal wall surfaces.
High dust vents, lights, pipes, venetian blinds and connecting and horizontal wall surfaces.
High education is available at many institutions in nearby communities.
High efficiency heatsink.
High efficiency is achieved on supercomputers by the use of special assembly-coded routines.
High efficiency is obtained through the use of synchronous rectification.
High efficiency is one of the main advantages of the solid oxide fuel cell.
High efficiency is particularly relevant in systems that can operate from batteries .
High efficiency is required to maximize battery life.
High efficiency is the most common trait among farmers that choose nontraditional lenders.
High efficiency keeps operating costs down.
High efficiency maximizes battery life.
High efficiency means less battery is used to run loads, so the battery lasts longer.
High efficiency metered units are available that use less salt than standard timed systems.
High efficiency produces high profits.
High efficiency requires a well-trained work force, accomplished at specific skills.
High efficiency switching regulators provide reduced operating temperatures.
High efficiency translates to operating cost about one-third that of electric units.
High elevation affects hikers.
High elevation keeps the area quite cold.
High elevation lakes in the western U.S. are also vulnerable to sulfur and nitrogen loadings.
High elevations are cool in the summer.
High elevations are desirable for an orchard location.
High elevations are glacier-carved studies in rock and ice.
High elevations are the most productive areas for Blues.
High elevations form low latitude habitats for high latitude.
Most high elevation affects hikers.
High elves are all intelligence and wit and no true brawn.
High Elves are the most common.
High elves can be clerics , enchanters , magicians , paladins , and wizards .
High Elves have dark hair, sometimes with auburn mixed in.
High elongation allows for excellent conformability around pipe joints and fittings.
High emotion is a valid trigger for attacks.
High emotion pervades also because, quite simply, families are so important.
High emphasis is given to the application of math and science skills to real-life problems.
High emphasis is placed on laboratory work and problem solving.
High emphasis is placed on multi cultural views.
High end accounting Users are typically big corporations.
High end bows for low-end prices.
High end can get fizzy if pushed excessively hard.
High end is a heavy synth bass like the one in the Top Gun theme.
High end is when money is no object.
High end lacks crispness and definition.
High ends are extremely clean, with no noticeable hiss or distortion.
High energy density food has calories.
High energy radiation breaks bonds.
High energy radiation breaks molecular bonds.
High energy can be important if winter weather is severe.
High energy increases chances.
High energy is a priority for the band.
High energy is a very big message here, because it's so real.
High energy is high dollar research.
High energy is towards lower dispersion coordinate.
High energy is usually a code word for high calorie.
High energy means that the colloids have a high electric charge.
Some high energy produces rays.
Some high energy reduces resistance.
High entropy means low potential energy.
High entropy refers to a state of great disorder.
High events dictate wearing approved climbing gear and a rope safety system called a belay.
All high excitements are necessarily transient.
High expectations abound for all trainees.
High expectations are a standard for students, teachers, and administrators.
High expectations are an integral part of the learning process.
High expectations are definitely a big part of it.
High expectations are essential to effective education.
High expectations are essential.
High expectations are fine but probably unrealistic.
High expectations are healthy, as long as they're in perspective.
High expectations are important at all levels.
High expectations are important if students are to reach their potential.
High expectations are necessary for strong academic achievement.
High expectations are pervasive in our school community, matched with successful results.
High expectations are the foundation of high achievement.
High expectations are the key to everything.
High expectations are the key to learner success.
High expectations are the leading cause of disappointment.
High expectations are the norm at all levels of the system.
High expectations are the starting point for quality.
High expectations are there, but the problem is solvable, and the student knows it is solvable.
High expectations based on needs of students support high achievement.
High expectations become the norm and larger ambitions start creeping into the landscape.
High expectations bring out the best in people.
High expectations can be a real bummer.
High expectations can cause problems in the high schools.
High expectations can indeed be a dangerous thing.
High expectations can lead to holiday stress.
High expectations can make a win seem like a loss and a loss seem like a disaster.
High expectations can often cause deep disappointment and frustration.
High expectations can really be a bummer.
High expectations can sometimes result in a positive conclusion if managed the right way.
High expectations combined with a high work ethic can equal quality results.
High expectations create focus and urgency.
High expectations encourage high achievement.
High expectations enrich and challenge.
High expectations equal high achievement.
High expectations foster greater student achievement.
High expectations foster high achievement.
High expectations generate high success.
High expectations have a little bit to do with that.
High expectations improve student achievement.
High expectations increase student performance.
High expectations lead to academic success.
High expectations lead to greater achievement.
High expectations lead to high achievement.
High expectations lead to high performance.
High expectations lead to higher achievement.
High expectations lead to higher student achievement.
High expectations means getting rid of labels.
High expectations permeate the school.
High expectations play an important part in many Native cultures.
High expectations produce higher results.
High expectations promote achievement.
High expectations promote greater achievement and growth.
High expectations promote high achievement.
High expectations promote high levels of achievement.
High expectations promote higher achievement.
High expectations promote higher levels of achievement.
High expectations promote improved performance.
High expectations promote optimal growth and personal accountability.
High expectations result in excellence.
High expectations result in greater effort, determination, and achievement.
High expectations result in high achievement.
High expectations result in higher achievement.
High expectations result in improved performance.
High expectations result in student performance at higher levels.
High expectations slam against the reality of personal weaknesses and unwelcome surprises.
High expectations stimulate growth.
High expectations tend to be correlated with high achievement.
High expectations work.
High expectations yield high achievement.
High expectations yield high performance.
High expectations yield high results.
High expenses can significantly cut into investment returns over the long run.
High expenses kill compounding.
High expenses reduce investment returns.
High experience is perfectly compatible with low symbolic expression.
A high explosive is an explosive
High explosives are applicable where truth and logic fail.
High explosives are explosives.
High explosives are unstable chemical compounds that are sensitive to shock.
High explosives detonate with a shock wave that travels faster than the speed of sound.
High explosives detonate with a violent chemical reaction.
High explosives give off toxic gas and vaporize thin metal casings.
High explosives produce more pressure than low explosives but low explosives are more safe to use .
High explosives produce more pressure than low explosives but low explosives are more safe to use.
High exposure can cause serious kidney or liver damage.
High exposures can be fatal.
High exposures can cause harmful effects on the nervous system.
High exposures can cause lung, skin, and bone damage.
High exposures can damage the liver.
High exposures can lead to convulsions, cardiac arrest and death.
High exposures can result in permanent brain or kidney damage.
High eyebrows are a sign of youth.
High fashion adorns a brilliant series of divertissements that show off the whole company.
High fashion goes out on another limb - winter sleevelessness.
High fashion is appropriate for evening wear, particularly in sophisticated Trinidad.
High fashion is fashion
High fat is believed to cause breast, colon and prostate cancers.
High fat is out.
High fees are usually for large dogs.
High fences can give protection to burglars.
High fences make it harder to see neighbours.
Some high fences surround vegetable gardens.
High fertility is encouraged.
High fertility is seen as a health hazard to mothers and children.
High fertility is the key to abundant and nutrious food for wildlife.
High fertility is the most important economic trait in the beef industry.
High fertility produces excessive vine growth and poor yields.
High fever damages the brain.
High fever equals seizure.
High fever follows chill.
High fever is also characteristic of infection in young children.
High fever is associated with infections.
High fever is one of the early warnings of the flu.
High fever is uncommon in the adult.
High fever suggests bacterial infection.
High fevers are the most common cause of seizures in children ages six months to four years.
High fevers can cause seizures especially in children.
High fiber diets help healthy skin.
High fiber diets help skin.
High fiber diets interfere with absorption.
High fiber diets interfere with calcium absorption.
High fiber diets support digestive health.
High fiber diets support health.
High fiber keeps the cecal factory in good working order.
High fibre feeds also promote crusting.
High fibre intake Below find some basic guidelines.
High fibre is still good for the heart, but now it is possibly bad for the bowel.
High fidelity is emphasized even though the price is unbelievably low.
High fidelity is sound reproduction
High field imaging and a variety of RF coils enable angiography of the head, neck and body.
High finance is a form of play.
High finance is finance
High fines are the topic of the day, especially among taxi and microbus drivers.
High fives are a great alternative.
High flea beetle numbers and damage occur during a cool, wet spring after a warm winter.
High flexibility characterizes our business philosophy.
High flexibility is good in any running shoe.
High flexibility is required here, since the upcoming orders are likely to vary.
High flexibility means that a small load produces a large displacement.
High floors have excellent city and sea views.
High flows enable fish to utilize habitat often too shallow or dry in low flow periods.
High flows present a sort of one-two punch to the Bay.
High flows represent irrigation releases in the summer.
High flows wash away eggs and drown chicks.
High fluorescence means much dimmer than brightfield, but still relatively bright.
High fluoride interferes with P digestion and absorption.
High frequencies appear to be softer or are severely rolled off.
High frequencies are clearer, vocals are crisper, and low-frequency sound is tight and well defined.
High frequencies are crystal clear with no edginess, and bass is solid and deep.
High frequencies are directional and relatively easy to reflect and absorb.
High frequencies are indeed directional.
High frequencies are more directional and more efficient at heating.
High frequencies are particularly bad if a lot of compression is used.
High frequencies are radio frequencies.
High frequencies correspond to high tones, and low frequencies are low tones.
High frequencies correspond to high tones, and low frequencies to low tones.
High frequencies loosen and attack soils in inaccessible areas.
High frequencies produce high or treble tones.
High frequencies sparkle, and there is a real sense of presence and air to acoustic sounds.
High frequencies tend to use only the outer parts of the conductor.
High frequency lighting with low energy tubes reduces electricity consumption.
High frequency means short wavelength.
High frequency means small wavelength.
High frequency provides natural recycling of such frames.
High frequency provides precise focusing and permits manipulation to microscopic levels.
Some high frequency sound waves cause damage.
Some high frequency sound waves cause internal damage.
High g ij constants favor large voltage output, and are sought after for sensors.
High gain implies low noise.
High gain is achieved using aperture antennas.
High gear is a mechanism
High gear is equated with high power.
High gear is less likely to cause tire spin.
High generality means that the change in behavior was meaningful .
High generality means that the change in behavior was meaningful.
High glaciers roll down from every side.
High gloss glazes depict ten of our favorite gentle giants.
High gloss glazes on six inch square tiles.
High gloss provides optimum drainage.
High grade helps serious pain sufferers and various other ailments.
High grade logs with wood largely free of knots are an important forestry objective.
High grades are characteristic of the winners.
High grades are in order.
High grades indicate a record of working toward lower immigration and U.S. population growth.
High grades stand for high achievement and promotion is earned.
High gradients result from impaired diffusion or by ventilation-perfusion inequality.
High ground allows vegetables to escape borderline freezes.
High ground are ground.
High ground are sites.
High ground are status.
High ground dominates town .
High ground is behind a private home, just south of a radio tower.
High ground is between tower and tree line to the east.
High ground is important in the game just as it is in real life.
High ground is in piney woods just to the right.
High ground is in the active orchard just past the oaks.
High ground is in the backyard of the house on the right.
High ground is in the field, with marshes visible to the north and west as per the map.
High ground is just north of road.
High ground is just southeast of the hairpin in the woods, with a lot of disturbed ground.
High ground is obvious.
High ground is on the golf course, hidden by trees, on the east side of the road.
High ground is reached quickly to the left of the trail.
High ground is right, under large pine trees.
High ground offers a defense advantage.
High groups meet during the first service.
High groups meet regularly during the year.
High growth can mean complete chaos as a contributing employee.
High growth demands expanding our departments.
High growth implies more upward pressure on interest rates and inflation.
High growth is both necessary and possible in the medium term.
High gunnel makes it a great fishing boat.
High haematocrit indicates a greater likelihood of re-amputation.
High hand takes half,low hand takes half.
High hand takes pot and losers match the pot or pay the predetermined limit to the pot.
High hand takes the pot.
High hand wins all the money in the pot.
High hand wins the pot.
High hands follow the traditional poker hierarchy of hands.
High handicappers are the target audience, here.
High handicappers can make some high numbers on some of the harder holes.
High handicappers have the best round of their lives - and keep coming back.
High handicappers struggle here and often come off exasperated.
High hardware demands.
High heat can also cause problems.
High heat can kill.
High heat can overcook or char the outside of beef cuts while the inside remains underdone.
High heat can overcook or char the outside of beef cuts while the interior remains underdone.
High heat causes the protein in eggs to become tough and rubbery.
High heat is a major cause of bearing failure.
High heat is important to sear the fish instantly and keep it firm.
High heat is one of the elements that breaks down an oil over time.
High heat is the worst.
High heat kills bacteria.
High heat loosens the glue which causes the piece to rattle.
High heat makes natural cheese tough and stringy.
High heat makes the cheese tough and stringy.
High heat makes the whites tough.
High heat oxidizes oil and thickens it.
High heat ruins the defrosting effect.
High heat sears the fat into the meat.
High heat shortens the life span.
High heat shortens the oil life dramatically.
High heat toughens and shrinks protein and results in excessive moisture loss.
High heat wears tips faster and causes extreme feedability problems.
Most high heat kills bacteria.
Some high heat kills larvae.
Some high heat threatens health.
Some high heat threatens long term health.
High heels alter the balanced position of a person's body.
High heels are a major villain.
High heels are basically the modern substitutes of the old tradition.
High heels are especially a problem for people with high arches.
High heels are great for business.
High heels are less stable than flat heeled shoes, and tiptoes are less stable than flat feet.
High heels are more likely to get caught in the carpet and in holes.
High heels are necessary for the ladies.
High heels are only part of the problem.
High heels are partly to blame.
High heels are the most fetishized type of shoe.
High heels can and do cause considerable postural problems.
High heels click.
High heels create artifice.
High heels force the foot down, bending the toes against the shoe.
High heels hinder proper posture.
High Heels Keep high heels in good repair.
High heels make tired feet want a rub.
High heels mean sex, and sex is power.
High heels tend to shorten the muscles and tendons at the back of the leg.
All high heels look good.
High hopes abound.
High hopes are rare during rebuilding years.
High hopes are the basis of accomplishments.
High HR shows high efficiency and higher velocity.
High humidities can be as detrimental as moisture.
High humidities can help extend vase life by conserving water loss through transpiration.
High humidities seem to affect buffaloes less than cattle.
High humidity accelerates it.
High humidity allows mold to grow.
High humidity appears to contribute to flower stalk stretching.
High humidity can aid herbicide diffusion because the droplet dries more slowly.
High humidity can also cause pruritus secondary to sweat retention in some individuals.
High humidity can also cause release of small numbers of spores.
High humidity can be a breeding ground for a number of diseases.
High humidity can cause fog or clouds.
High humidity can cause mildew, while dry heat and direct sunlight can cause drying and cracking.
High humidity can cause mold, mildew, and serious rot.
High humidity can cause problems for hotels, motels, supermarkets, and other commercial buildings.
High humidity can cause rust on metal lids and rings.
High humidity can even contribute to the problem.
High humidity can interfere with the sensing chamber.
High humidity can leave a skin damp and loose, sounding like a wet paper bag.
High humidity can make pieces brittle.
High humidity can make the flowers droop.
High humidity can produce warm and wet conditions which help grow moulds and mildew.
High humidity can promote mold growth.
High humidity causes an increase in pollen and mold production.
High humidity causes condensation.
High humidity causes mold to form and a very dry climate cause embrittlement.
High humidity causes paper to curl and laser printers to jam.
High humidity causes wood to swell.
High humidity contributes to the development of diseases.
High humidity creates an ideal disease environment.
High humidity encourages diseases.
High humidity favors spore formation while low humidity favors spore dispersal.
High humidity has a marginal effect on plants.
High humidity has a stagnant oppressive feel to it due to a lack of air movement in the atmosphere.
High humidity helps promote termite infestations.
High humidity helps to reduce shrinkage caused by water loss.
High humidity increases the incidence of infection.
High humidity increases the potential for condensation which wets the entire truss assembly.
High humidity interferes with evaporation of the sweat.
High humidity interrupts observing.
High humidity is a feature of our climate and often affects our energy levels.
High humidity is a frequent feature of the local climate and can make for some bad hair days.
High humidity is a problem for many industries.
High humidity is also to be avoided.
High humidity is always important before and during subsequent shedding cycles.
High humidity is common during the summer months.
High humidity is common.
High humidity is detrimental to many thrips species.
High humidity is essential for a healthy croton.
High humidity is essential for success.
High humidity is essential.
High humidity is known to create a good environment for fungi.
High humidity is most harmful and high temperatures accelerate the deterioration.
High humidity is necessary for a significant infestation to develop.
High humidity is necessary so they can drink moisture that collects on their webs.
High humidity is necessary to keep the Boston fern as a houseplant.
High humidity is necessary to reduce fruit shrinkage.
High humidity is preferred for eggplant storage.
High humidity is present in Bahrain throughout the year and makes the summer months very oppressive.
High humidity is prevalent throughout the year, except in the more mountainous regions.
High humidity is recommended.
High humidity is required for good germination.
High humidity is required for successful reproduction.
High humidity is the result of the lack of sunny days.
High humidity keeps meats and breads from drying out, while the high temperatures brown the outside.
High humidity makes a hot day feel hotter.
High humidity makes a rain forest hard to be burnt.
High humidity makes evaporative cooling less efficient.
High humidity promotes molds, mildew, biological contaminants, and a musty smell.
High humidity promotes various cricket diseases and mites.
High humidity reinforces the effects of temperature by reducing the cooling effects of sweating.
High humidity slows the drying of the pollen and the pads.
High humidity tends to dampen creativity and motivation.
Most high humidity causes condensation.
Some high humidity causes decay.
Some high humidity causes rapid decay.
Some high humidity encourages development.
Some high humidity encourages growth.
Some high humidity encourages mold growth.
Some high humidity leads to growth.
Some high humidity leads to mold growth.
Some high humidity leads to problems.
High hydrostatic pressure influences physiology.
High ideals are the answer.
High ideals can lead people to commit terrible crimes.
High ideals keep one ever striving after greater and greater goals.
High identifiers increase racism as a way of avoiding guilt.
High identifiers tend to exhibit more knowledge than low identifiers.
High Impact Dentures Featuring the same quality and craftsmanship as our premium denture.
High impact exercising, such as jogging or strenuous aerobics, can injure the feet.
High impact floats for commercial fishing and research applications.
High impact see-through lid.
High importance is placed on freshness and flavor of produce or food.
High improbabilities prove nothing by themselves.
High incidence is seen in captive wildlife, similar to the distribution observed in cattle.
High incidence occurs during the rainy season.
High income begets high child support.
High income determines the ability to buy sufficient and nutritious food.
High indebtedness is related to an increased likelihood of repayment problems.
High inequality tends to increase the expenses of protecting private property and enforcing the law.
High inertia means a current pulse needs to be relatively long to get the motor going.
High infestations can cause reduced egg production, general unthriftiness and possible death.
High infestations can lead to colony death, particularly during winter.
High inflation can hinder economic growth.
High inflation encourages speculation rather than productive investments.
High inflation equals high interest rates.
High inflation erodes the value of incomes and savings.
High inflation exacts a heavy toll on an economy by making the future particularly uncertain.
High inflation has many costs Inflation erodes the value of money.
High inflation is a result of an increase in money supply.
High inflation is accompanied by low unemployment and vice versa.
High inflation is, however, a problem.
High inflation tends to be more variable and hence unpredictable.
High instability allows for high accelerations within of the updraft.
High insulin is a known risk factor for heart disease.
High insulin is bad.
High insulin is tied to heart disease risk.
High insurance is ridiculous.
High intake causes diseases.
High intake causes renal diseases.
High intake has calm effects.
High intake has effects.
High intake increases calcium excretion.
High intake increases excretion.
High intake leads to calcium excretion.
High intake leads to excretion.
High intake promotes effects.
High intakes can cause bone pain, muscle weakness, numbness, or other symptoms of nerve disorder.
High intakes can damage the liver and cause severe gastrointestinal problems.
High intakes can lower elevated cholesterol.
Most high intake causes diseases.
Most high intake causes renal diseases.
Most high intake has calm effects.
Most high intake has effects.
Most high intake increases excretion.
Most high intake leads to calcium excretion.
Most high intake leads to excretion.
Some high intake causes acid.
Some high intake helps hypertension.
Some high intake increases intestinal absorption.
Some high intake increases intestinal calcium absorption.
Some high intake leads to obesity.
Some high intake leads to reductions.
Some high intake reduces zinc absorption.
High intensity sunlight provides energy.
High intensity builds muscle fiber density , while low intensity builds muscle fiber size.
High intensity can make up for other shortcomings, resulting in a greater chance for success.
High intensity charges every painting and drawing.
High intensity is achieved by allowing frame-overlap.
High intensity means that all the ground cover, shrub and overstory have been consumed.
High intensity means working to momentary muscular failure.
High intensity moves as well as low intensity moves are performed for all fitness levels.
High intensity walks on alternate days help condition one's system.
High intention operates in the midst of trust.
High interest is a requirement as well.
High interest is the real killer.
High inventory is bad for several reasons.
High investment is a good precondition for jobs and social security.
High involvement implies a greater attention to what is being said than to how it is being said.
High Island is a salt dome that rises above the surrounding coastal plain.
High Island is located in northeastern Galveston County on the Bolivar Peninsula .
High Island represents another example of how nature tourism can benefit the local economy.
High islands are of volcanic origin, and many contain active volcanoes.
High islands tend to be well-watered and have good volcanic soil.
Some high isolation switches available in the market are very expensive.
High jangle dances with low E-string chug while the bass and drummer belt away.
High jumpers have to do squats with heavy weights on their shoulders.
High jumpers leap over a bar resting between two upright standards.
High key is bright and cheerful without shadows.
High kicks are a display of dynamic flexibility.
High kicks are an important stage for a beginning martial artist to go through.
High kicks are stupid.
High kicks are the biggest safety threat, since heads and feet are at about the same level.
High kicks are useless, jumping kicks are laughable.
High land is worn low and flat, and old flat land is raised upward to form new hills or mountains.
High latency is deadly to audio and video data streams.
High latitudes receive lowest amount of insolation.
High latitudes receive small amounts of heat.
High leukocyte counts in milk strongly indicate mastitis-causing bacteria are present.
High level diskret negative feedback then controls the activity of the central pattern generator.
High level formatting involves writing directory structures and file allocation tables to the disk.
High level formatting on any disk drive requires some disk space for the file system.
High level is clear.
High level means that the applet is restricted to the sandbox, just like an unsigned applet.
High level thinking in the new millennium depends on it.
High levels alert citizens to a possible well-construction problem or other environmental impact.
High levels allow histamine to rise.
High levels are a large contributing factor in clogging arteries.
High levels are a large factor in clogging arteries.
High levels are appropriate for established plants.
High levels are common in women with advanced ovarian cancer.
High levels are harmful to everyone.
High levels are still the most important cardiovascular warning signs.
High levels are towns.
High levels are usually a result of sustained, excessive exercise.
High levels are usually due to kidney problems.
High levels are usually the result of, rather than the cause of, a poor lawn.
High levels can also cause birth defects.
High levels can also interfere with enzyme activity, resulting in paralysis and blindness.
High levels can be a result of wet silage that has undergone extensive fermentation.
High levels can be beneficial, but prolonged levels can cause damage.
High levels can be lethal.
High levels can be toxic.
High levels can cause cancer.
High levels can cause comas, convulsions and death.
High levels can cause dizziness, lightheadedness, unconsciousness and death.
High levels can cause dizziness, passing out and death.
High levels can cause fatigue, irritability and dizziness.
High levels can cause respiratory problems in children, the elderly and asthmatics.
High levels can cause severe abdominal cramps, convulsions, delirium, seizures or coma.
High levels can cause shock, convulsions, coma and death.
High levels can cause uneven distribution of chlorophyll resulting in blotchy appearance.
High levels can even cause crop failure.
High levels can impair circulation and lead to hardening of the arteries.
High levels can lead rapidly to convulsions or sudden death.
High levels can lead to a failure in the maintenance of ideal hormonal balances.
High levels can lead to cardiac arrest.
High levels can lead to increased algal growth.
High levels can lead to jaundice and indicate destruction in the liver and bile duct.
High levels can lead to kernicterus or brain damage.
High levels can mean a neural tube defect like spina bifida.
High levels can pollute the environment or cause imbalances.
High levels can result in toxicity and dead animals.
High levels causes larval development.
High levels contribute to scale deposits.
High levels endanger younger men.
High levels increase histamine.
High levels increase risk of cardiovascular disease and pancreas inflammation.
High levels increase the risk of heart disease by promoting plaque formation and atherosclerosis.
High levels indicate a high risk for heart disease.
High levels indicate a severe stroke.
High levels indicate an abnormal factor in the blood that causes clotting complications.
High levels indicate bone disease, liver disease or bile flow blockage.
High levels indicate dehydration and loss of protein.
High levels indicate problems w the prostate ranging from acute inflammation to prostate cancer.
High levels indicate regenerative anemia.
High levels kill in a short period.
High levels mean that it's more likely that pain is perceived.
High levels occur normally during pregnancy, breast-feeding, and after a hysterectomy.
High levels occur normally during pregnancy, breastfeeding, and after a hysterectomy.
High levels reduce growth.
High levels reduce the risk of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease.
High levels seem to be associated with low incidence of coronary heart disease.
High levels stimulate transport into the cells at the basolateral membrane.
Most high levels reduce growth.
Some high levels affect concentration.
Some high levels have impact.
Some high levels have negative impact.
Some high levels predict mortality.
Some high levels promote growth.
Some high levels promote root growth.
Some high levels result in death.
High leverage handles allows for easy cutting.
High liability includes driving, firearms, and defensive tactics.
High lift airfoils.
High lift blades lift the grass and cut it cleanly discharging it neatly to the rear of mower path.
High light is the best method of preventing stretch.
High limits are available.
High liquidity can often be a problem.
High local concentration affects functions.
High lofts help get the ball out of the rough quickly.
High loyalty provides a substantial base business with minimal advertising and promotion costs.
High luminosity inhibits the synthesis of the phycobilisomes.
High lycopene intake again appears to slightly increase risk in women.
High magnesium intake has calm effects.
High magnesium intake has effects.
High magnification is a factor with deep space objects.
High magnification spreads out the image of an object, and that dilutes the light.
High maintenance costs with frequent updates for accuracy to ensure timely information.
High maltose syrups controls moisture and texture in soft confections.
High management is required to make the system work.
High manganese can deplete chromium.
High margins are available only in the early years of innovation.
High marks are relatively meaningless.
High mass run out of hydrogen in their cores first, evolving off into supergiants.
Some high meaning is here.
High measures indicate newer more modern equipment and technologies.
High meat intake increases excretion.
High migration leading to an almost global environment is much more sensitive for bad agents.
High mileage can be expensive on a lease.
High mileage is a pleasant side effect.
High mileage is never the result of a single miraculous component, such as a carburetor.
High moisture affects storage properties such as the presence of moulds and insects.
High moisture can lead to molding, to which horses are very sensitive.
High moisture increases disease severity.
High moisture increases severity.
High moisture stimulates growth.
High moisture stimulates mold growth and feed decomposition.
High moisture stimulates mold growth.
Most high moisture increases disease severity.
Most high moisture increases severity.
Most high moisture stimulates mold growth.
High mold is also perfect for assembling cakes.
High morale attracts people, money, and other needed resources.
High morale is contagious.
High morale makes everything possible and poor morale makes nothing work right.
High morality depends on accurate prophecy.
High mortalities are common when sudden wet, cold spills appears, especially during drought periods.
High mortality affects overall sow mortality and therefore pregnancy survival.
High mortality occurs among the young.
Some high mortality occurs during blizzards.
Some high mortality occurs during prolong blizzards.
High motivation is extremely important for job success.
High motivation is required because of few possibilities for organised free time activities.
High motivation is required because of the intensive nature of the studies.
High mountain hexsides in the Alps are lighter brown than high mountain hexsides elsewhere.
High mountain meadows with lots of wildflowers.
High mountain meadows with vistas everywhere or streams in lush canyons.
High mountains are climatic islands with temperatures comparable to northern areas.
High mountains are subject to abrupt and drastic weather changes.
High mountains are the glorious churches of the earth.
High mountains circle our group speaking of beauty and permanence.
High mountains coated with snow blocks, under the snow blocks lay spring water pools.
High mountains form a central division between north and south.
High mountains frame the valley on either side.
High mountains overlook the north and west shores of the lake.
High mountains rise up directly from the sea.
High mountains surround the lake, the peaks of some of which are clad in mantles of perpetual snow.
High mountains tend to foster unpredictable weather.
High mountains weigh a lot.
High myopia does predispose to glaucoma.
High nails are generally good nails.
High neckline flattering for small shest, cut-out back is sexy and shows great latin motion.
High nitrate can cause blue baby syndrome.
High nitrate feeds reduce the uptake of iodine in the digestive tract.
High nitrates can contribute to animal feed problems and deadly silo gas.
High nitrogen causes rapid foliage growth at the expense of the bloom.
High nitrogen causes stress.
High nitrogen is probably the main culprit.
High nitrogen is shown in red and low nitrogen in blue.
High nitrogen promotes foliage growth, and excessive foliage requires more water.
High nitrogen results in lush growth that attracts egg-laying female moths.
High noise can cause permanent hearing loss.
A high noon is a hour
High noon gives a very loud blast of white that blures out the shot.
High noon has to be the worst.
High noon is generally a bad time to take pictures.
High noon is the time of day and adolescence is the time of life.
High noon spells opportunity for operators.
High noons are films.
High Notes Are Murder .
High notes are unaffected.
High notes are well-supported and articulate with sustain.
High notes have full-bodied sustain.
High notes sound very short and dry .
High notes sound very short and dry.
High numbers are also important when it comes to balloon angioplasty.
High numbers are considered indicators of very poor water quality.
High numbers are good.
High numbers can cause serious damage.
High numbers can make the site maintainers look arrogant.
High numbers equal a lack of top predators.
High numbers flying adults associated with heavily infested host plants can be a nuisance.
High numbers indicate a high capacity firing rate.
High numbers indicate a high degree of opacity and low numbers indicate a low degree of opacity.
High numbers indicate a high degree of opacity and low numbers indicate a low degree.
High numbers indicate disk reads rather than cache reads.
High numbers indicate greater usefulness.
High numbers make for in-depth searches, but take longer to complete.
High numbers mean that there's excess bearishness, and low numbers indicate excess bullishness.
High numbers mean the roots are starved for water, leading to wilting and death.
High numbers mean the sugar is absorbed faster.
High numbers reflect high anxiety levels.
High numbers seem to indicate rapid dulling.
High nutrients increase performance.
Most high nutrients increase performance.
High objectivity is the hallmark of science.
High office is a public trust, and so many have squandered that trust.
High office is merciless in the way it reveals character.
High office produces, as a rule, high-mindedness.
High officials are subject to the same punishments as commoners.
High officials protect information by invoking national security.
Some high oil comes from plants.
High ones are wider than low ones at the bottoms.
High opacity slows the transfer of energy by radiation, so bubbles form.
High order mean sea surface over the Atlantic Ocean.
High organization skills with the ability to prioritize.
High overhead is the inaccessible and largely unexplored world of the forest canopy.
High overpressure can cause a permanent zero shift or diaphragm damage.
High overtones are only slightly damped, and therefore display very little non-linear interaction.
High oxygen is dye solution directly exposed to the air.
High ozone can result in dramatic health consequences.
High ozone extends over the entire Arctic region.
High P used also causes the equil to shift to the right.
High parasite burdens affect health.
High Park is a good team, but there are other good LL teams in Canada.
High participation is a major factor for foundations in their decision to bestow a grant.
High participation signals a sound institution, worthy of additional support.
High pass is noted for students who perform exceptionally well on a question.
High pay is combined with instant dismissal for corruption.
High peaks divide the monument into eastern and western portions.
High pen does all the killing.
High people are funny.
High percentage means high earnings.
High performance athletes have breaks.
High performance cabling systems require proper design and installation.
High performance caching algorithms ensure that any size volume can be resized quickly.
High performance can actually lower a company's cost of ownership.
High performance can reduce the number of drives required.
High performance comes from a full tank.
High performance comes from linking strategic intent to efficient and adaptable processes.
High performance controls for extreme pressure ratings.
High Performance Deliver great application performance automatically.
High performance delivers the power to get the job done fast.
High performance demands open lines of communication.
High performance explosives trigger the chain reaction.
High performance express cruiser with full overnight and weekend amenities.
High performance features at a low price.
High performance gaskets for all types of automotive applications.
High performance helps reduce down time.
High performance intakes manifolds, etc.
High performance is a factor in acheiving similar results.
High performance is a feature that is stressed by the vendor.
High performance is a priciple.
High performance is achieved through integration, cohesion, and group bonding.
High performance is also key.
High performance is defined.
High performance is high quality.
High performance is in our name.
High performance is maintained even under heavy traffic conditions.
High performance is now the catch phrase.
High performance is rewarded appropriately.
High performance is valued deeply in the school district.
High performance is worth nothing if reliability is low.
High performance makes it practical for users to analyze greater quantities of data.
High performance means closing the feedback gap through continuous worker input.
High performance means meeting customers' needs.
High performance pump continuously draws filtered flue gas into the unit.
High performance receive circuitry specifically designed for the reception of fast digital data.
High performance requires high maintenance.
High performance requires high protein feeds .
High performance seek times.
High performance stand alone lable design and print program .
High performers anticipate change and design optimal growth conditions.
High performers are trustworthy.
High performers have more than twice as many collaborative initiatives as medium and low performers.
High performers see themselves as being largely able to control anything that happens.
High performers show profits above the average a decade earlier.
Most high performers are too busy working to read and respond to ads.
High permeability assists the migration of oil pollutants.
High permeability indicates that particle mass moves easily through a membrane.
High phosphate can also aggravate salt damage and zinc deficiency.
High phosphorus intakes along with low calcium intakes also depress fertility.
High phosphorus interferes with micronutrient absorption and nitrogen absorption.
HIGH pin Make pin output high.
High pitch is pitch
High pitch is pitch.
High pitches act near the oval window and low near the helicotrema.
High pitches cause waves at the stirrup end, and low pitches at the opposite end.
High places are often areas of worship.
High places are where one worships.
High plant diversity leads to ecosystem productivity.
High plant diversity leads to productivity.
High plateaus surround cities.
Some high plateaus have snow in summer.
High point is at top of hill, at the road cut on the left side.
High point is somewhere in a large flat area approximately a fourth of a mile to the east.
High point refers to the high an low points that occur in a sequence of movement.
High points are part of experience.
High points are parts.
High points are the beautiful separates, pretty lingerie, and vintage fashions.
High points cost.
High polarity allows for improved adhesion, pigment wetting and gloss.
High polarity is better for business relationships than it is for social relationships.
High polarization increases the likelihood of imperfections in the deposited layer.
High polygon count multi-resolution meshes.
High polymers are long chain macromolecules that are the constituents of many useful materials.
High population leads to mating, but competition for resources and vulnerabiliy to pedators.
High populations appear to march side by side to the new food.
High populations can cause leaf drop.
High populations can clog boat engines and water uptakes and make beaches jagged.
High populations can contribute to damping-off.
High populations can remove nearly all the new and old needles in a single season.
High populations mean that there is an increased chance of one animal infecting another.
High populations reduce quality and quantity of flowers.
High populations stunt or kill plants.
High populations tend to force the crop into stress more quickly when moisture supply is limited.
High pore pressure impacts soil strength.
High pore pressure impacts strength.
High ports are likely to touch the roof of the mouth.
High position is associated with fewer episodes of blanching and cyanosis of the lower extremities.
High potassium can cause leaf spotting and reduce color intensity.
High potencies tend to be electrostatic.
High potential companies offer education.
High poverty results in a higher incidence of obesity, hypertension and other nutritional problems.
High power dc motors controllers batteries chargers and accessory.
High power dilutes the brightness of an image, as well as aggravates any unsteadiness of detail.
High power gives the laser unprecedented attributes.
High power is crucial for vehicle, utility, and telecommunications applications.
High power is even harder due to the very short eye relief of standard eyepieces.
High power is ideal for flying electronic payloads.
High power is needed for viewing the details of planets and for splitting double stars.
High power is no more useful than low power, it is a choice to be made by the user.
High power provides better detail of the moon and planets.
High praise comes if the team wins.
High praise is also due to the featured players and the ensemble.
High Praise sings once a month and at special services.
High praises are especially powerful as tools of war.
High precipitation means more erosion and transport of sediment.
High precision analyses requires careful calibration and sample preparation.
High precision carries a correspondingly high computational cost.
High precision is another matter.
High precision means that complex characters appear vivid on the display.
High precision means that random variation associated with the collection procedure is minimized.
High premium is placed on the ability to react immediately when filtering problems are encountered.
High pressure affects weight.
High pressure allows water to stay solid at much higher temperatures.
High pressure brings clear skies and sunny days, allowing maximum heating of the Earth's surface.
High pressure builds in upon the state and so does some very dry dense air.
High pressure builds over New England.
High pressure builds over the region deflecting possible storms to the north.
High pressure builds over the west coast of South America producing arid conditions.
High pressure can also damage toilet valves and other devices connected to the plumbing.
High pressure can cause reflux and kidney damage.
High pressure can damage the optic nerve.
High pressure causes air to sink, preventing clouds and rain from forming.
High pressure causes brain damage.
High pressure causes damage.
High pressure clutch springs available.
High pressure combines with moisture.
High pressure continues to build upon North Carolina.
High pressure continues to dominate all levels of the atmosphere over Florida.
High pressure contributes to shortness of breath.
High pressure develops over land and low pressure is over water.
High pressure develops over the cooler land and low pressure develops over the warmer water.
High pressure die cast magnesium housings throughout.
High pressure dominates all levels of the atmosphere over Florida.
High pressure dominates in the polar regions because the air is very cold and dense.
High pressure dominates the weather over the next few days.
High pressure dominates to the west-northwest.
High pressure dominates.
High pressure extends from the western Atlantic across the Bahamas and South Florida.
High pressure extends from the western Atlantic and central Florida.
High pressure forces the mercury to rise in the column.
High pressure forms over land due to weaker winter radiation.
High pressure impacts soil strength.
High pressure impacts strength.
High pressure increases the volume of spray delivered.
High pressure indicates good weather.
High pressure influences physiology.
High pressure is a good indicator of fraudulent operations.
High pressure is achieved as rapidly as possible by setting the cooker over maximum heat.
High pressure is cool dense air.
High pressure is forecast to influence the region through the period.
High pressure is good.
High pressure is needed to force so much oxygen into the water.
High pressure is red, low pressure in green or blue.
High pressure is red, low pressure is green or blue.
High pressure is situated across most of the eastern third of the nation.
High pressure is thus valuable for the synthesis of novel or technologically useful solids.
High pressure leads to stable air conditions.
High pressure leaks frequently ignite spontaneously and burn with a colorless flame.
High pressure means falling air, which is a condition minimizing cloud formation.
High pressure means high temperature, so down deep the in atmosphere, Jupiter is very hot.
High pressure means unnecessary strain on the pool pump and a less efficient filtering system.
High pressure moves in a clockwise rotation spreading out as it rotates.
High pressure occurs by air aloft sinking down and compressing.
High pressure occurs when air is sinking.
High pressure occurs where air descends.
High pressure persists over the central and eastern Bering Sea throughout the period.
High pressure persists over the eastern Bering Sea.
High pressure produces sinking air.
High pressure pump electric motor drive .
High pressure pump oil level indicator.
High pressure pushes salt water through a membrane.
High pressure pushes the air towards low pressure.
High pressure pushes the water down into the spout and creates a low spout level.
High pressure pushes the water down the spout into the bulb creating a low spout level.
High pressure remains along the East Coast.
High pressure remains in control of the area.
High pressure results in temperature increases.
High pressure rules with plenty of sunshine.
High pressure seeks low pressure.
High pressure varies the interatomic distance in solids and liquids.
High pressures accelerate pump wear and reduce service life.
High pressures allow more atoms per unit volume.
High pressures are available throughout the entire engine operating range.
High pressures can destroy the filtration column.
High pressures favour increased coordination number.
Most high pressure affects weight.
Most high pressure causes brain damage.
Most high pressure causes damage.
Most high pressure combines with moisture.
Most high pressure impacts soil strength.
Most high pressure impacts strength.
Some high pressure brings weather.
Some high pressure contributes to death.
Some high pressure induces damage.
Some high pressure induces further damage.
Some high pressure induces further kidney damage.
Some high pressure induces kidney damage.
Some high pressure is produced by shock waves.
Some high pressure is produced by strong shock waves.
Some high pressure is produced by waves.
Some high pressure leads to cardiovascular diseases.
Some high pressure leads to conditions.
Some high pressure leads to diseases.
Some high pressure leads to heart diseases.
Some high pressure leads to weather conditions.
Some high pressure provides forces.
Some high pressure pushes proteins.
High prevalence is described in Europe and Latin America.
High price decreases quantity demanded.
High price increases quantity supplied.
High price is a problem for the sale of local goat meat.
High price is the common problem of all new high-tech devices.
High price puts it out of reach for most car nuts.
High price remains the barrier to widespread adoption of flat-panel desktop displays.
High prices are a real hindrance to the use and spreading up of new services.
High prices are an implicit trade-off favouring small, elite, select, rich world clientele.
High prices are just as risky.
High prices are located in airports.
High prices are located in hotels.
High prices are located in theatres.
High prices are simply the market's way of telling people to produce more and consume less.
High prices are unlikely to be temporary, however.
High prices attract more sellers and induce an expansion of production.
High prices causes the consumers to find alternate sources of oil and energy.
High prices confirm perceptions of high value in consumer minds.
High prices create fantastic profit margins in the illicit distribution network.
High prices deter consumption but have ambiguous effects on drug-related crime.
High prices increase piracy, and piracy increases prices.
High prices induce investors to bring new supplies to market in search of profit.
High prices keep average working people from buying a home near their job.
High prices lead to inflation and hobble economic growth.
High prices mean high crime rates so that addicts can get the money.
High prices originate there.
High prices pose a threat to global growth.
High prices provide incentives to producers to produce new gas.
High prices support a dangerous illicit industry with large plantations attracting violent crimes.
A high priest is a priest
Every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices.
High priestesses initiate new members into the priesthood.
High priorities are underground cable replacements and voltage support investments.
High priority allows access to all master files.
High priority is an attractive down-town area.
High priority is given to academic excellence and clinical experience.
High priority is given to conservation of natural resources and preservation of natural areas.
High priority is given to equal opportunity and meeting special needs of boys and girls.
High priority is given to ex-ante regulation and less than appropriate to competition rules.
High priority is given to faculty requests.
High priority is given to investments furthering economic co-operation within the Nordic area.
High priority is given to maintaining the genetic purity of the native red deer herd.
High priority is given to meeting each student s preference for employer and job location.
High priority is given to meeting each student's preference for employer and job location.
High priority is given to projects with partners from industry and universities.
High priority is given to supporting women and the poorest target groups.
High priority is given to the completion of posters and slides.
High priority is given to the following.
High priority is given to walker and climber safety.
High priority is placed on applied research to help solve problems of immediate concern.
High priority is placed on contributions to developing public education and exhibits programming.
High priority is placed on energy conservation.
High priority is placed on the responsiveness of attorneys and staff.
High priority is put on timely service and repair.
High priority is suggested for a national system of tradable water rights.
High priority is the rehabilitation of outdated bathroom facilities.
High priority needs to be put on constant improvements in environmental performance.
High produce cows graze grass pasture.
High produce cows graze pasture.
High producers have good appetites and usually are aggressive feeders.
High production is our forte.
High production is the goal of all our selection efforts.
High production requires smooth operation without the friction of hard to operate sliding tables.
High production requires use of pesticides, herbicides and phosphate heavy fertilizer.
High productivity attracts and holds their services.
High productivity depends on the high quality of materials.
High productivity increases the number of species can be supported, allows more specialization.
High productivity is an important aspect of agricultural sustainability in the humid tropics.
High productivity is evident.
High productivity is still a main objective, but now on nature's own conditions.
A high profile is status
High profile is given to spiritual values, spiritual formation, and ministerial skill development.
High profit is the name of the game in business.
High profits are often the driving force behind privatisation.
High profits are the most important goal of companies.
High profits are what investors demand to compensate for risky bets on medical research.
High profits lead lead to violence and theft.
High progesterone brings on more rapid breathing.
High proles love flashy TVs and other visible appliances.
High proles tend to be nice, while the lower proles can have more negative traits.
High protein diets need for growth.
High protein diets need for rapid growth.
High protein intake causes diseases.
High protein intake causes renal diseases.
High protein intake increases calcium excretion.
High protein intake increases excretion.
High protein intake leads to calcium excretion.
High protein intake leads to excretion.
High protein ascites in patients with uncomplicated hepatic cirrhosis.
High protein can actually cause skin problems.
High protein can increase the scale of aggression, moods, and jumpiness.
High protein has a negative impact on calcium balance.
High protein includes prime rib and peel and eat shrimp.
High protein is out.
High purity is required to avoid corrosion of the hollow cathodes where the ions are formed.
High quality bells have pure tones.
High quality bells have tones.
High quality diets help conditions.
High quality telescopes show details.
High quality ag.
High quality appraisals with excellent service at reasonable fees.
High quality automated test documentation is generated at each stage.
High quality build standard, comes with exceptional built plinths, removable grill.
High quality can also offset after-sales service considerations.
High quality chocolates along with other wonderful gift ideas.
High quality chocolates with prices to match.
High quality clamps for lifting or pulling.
High quality continuing education and experience are essential components of professional status.
High quality contoured neoprene provides warmth and compression and good joint fit.
High quality costs less in the long run.
High quality drive through kiosks without franchise fees.
High quality electrodes for Pockels cells is the primary goal.
High quality embroidered logo appears on the front of the bag.
High quality enlarging lenses are sharper at wider apertures due to the effects of diffraction.
High quality entering students tend to remain high quality when they graduate.
High quality eyewear competitive prices.
High quality feeds have more minerals in balance along with more animal usalbe energy.
High quality flies for gamefish.
High quality gaskets with born on dates encased with protective cover.
High quality has the best materials, design, and workmanship.
High quality hats with a cross.
High quality is a family tradition.
High quality is a given.
High quality is achieved through a process of constant improvement.
High quality is also an issue for export markets, especially in Japan.
High quality is as important as high yield.
High quality is available in USA, but the prices are high, and it's hard to find.
High quality is cheaper than low quality.
High quality is due to an in-gauge hole.
High quality is essential to keeping the market attractive to weekly customers.
High quality is guaranteed for all of our flowers.
High quality is guaranteed for all of our jewelry, flower and antique gifts.
High quality is guaranteed.
High quality is maintained in the face of growth by controlling the source.
High quality is needed to avoid the wasted time and effort of rework.
High quality is our specialty.
High quality is possible if a firm has the equipment, expertise, supplies, time and high price.
High quality is quality
High quality is slower on older computers but look a ton better.
High quality is the key.
High quality is the strength behind our business.
High quality is usually the third element considered.
High quality kibble as a mainstay.
High quality leads and knowledgeable participants.
High quality leads for prospecting.
High quality leads.
High quality linens including beach mats.
High quality manufacturing engineers are in great demand.
High quality mixing valves guarantee accurate temperature control.
High quality printed material is acceptable also.
High quality printed results are available the moment any class or section is completed.
High quality prints on canvas paper suitable for framing.
High quality prints on the front and reversable matching solid on the back.
High quality prints the size of normal postcards.
High quality recruits translates to lower training attrition and better retention.
High quality reproduces the original data better, but requires higher bandwidth.
High quality scripts at very low prices .
High quality sounds for each kind of action.
High quality sounds, each dedicated to all available actions in the game.
High quality sounds, made by musicians for musicians.
High quality sounds.
High quality sportswear at a fraction of department store prices.
High quality stops in stable area.
High quality switching components provide excellent isolation between inputs.
High quality tracing paper works better.
High quality typesetting of mathematical formulas is a quite tedious task.
High quality visiting exhibits are welcome.
High quality watches at affordable prices.
High quality watches at great price.
High quality wines from around the world at great value.
All high quality wins.
Many high quality skits where performed.
High radiation breaks bonds.
High radiation breaks molecular bonds.
High radiation doses, previous surgery and trauma all increase the risk of the necrosis.
Most high radiation breaks bonds.
Most high radiation breaks molecular bonds.
High rainfall causes spider mite populations to decline.
High rainfall combines with hot weather.
High rainfall combines with tropical weather.
High rainfall combines with weather.
High rainfall contributes to development.
High rainfall favors more severe diseases.
High rainfall is a feature.
High rainfall makes leptospirosis relatively common in Hawaii.
High rainfall stimulates good growth of grass, rendering the habitat ideal for locust breeding.
High rainfall stimulates the growth of grass which creates an ideal habitat for locust breeding.
Most high rainfall combines with hot weather.
Most high rainfall combines with tropical weather.
Most high rainfall combines with weather.
Most high rainfall contributes to development.
Some high rainfall affects flavor.
Some high rainfall affects fruit flavor.
High range can be painful for certain recordings.
High rank has more to do with attitude and confidence than size or strength.
High rank involves acute distress.
High rank is obtained through fighting or by forming alliances with other males.
High rank ranking on search engine engines means more traffic.
High rankings are only one part of the mix.
High rapport equals return traffic.
High rates can reduce kernel size below industry requirements and possibly influence test weight.
High rates can reduce test weight and kernel size below industry requirements.
High rates continue to yield great results.
High rates give non-selective control.
High rates indicate large numbers of seasonal or second homes.
High rates take away the spending power of consumers.
High ratings allow a network to charge more for advertising time.
High ratings can mean bonuses for schools and teachers.
High ratings enable borrowers to obtain funds at cheaper rates.
High ratings mean higher skills and more difficult tournament opponents.
High ratio indicates good performance.
High ratio is best, if possible.
High ratio keep up the good work.
High ratio represents finance tied up in stock and debtors.
High reactivity makes triflic anhydride difficult to work with in an open environment.
High readership creates a perfect medium for advertisements.
High readings appear near market tops and minus readings near bottoms.
High readings indicate a put bias.
High readings indicate market activity and change, while low readings indicate lack of change.
High recovery is obtained by reverse phase chromatography.
High reflectance tends to create images with light patterns, for example, sand, bare rock, or roads.
High reflectiveness ensures greater visibility and safety.
High reflectivity is important to maximize the amount of light in the image.
High reliability is also crucial in the domain of embedded information systems equipment.
High reliability is attainable, but can only be assured via an independent assessment.
High reliability is realized under all circumstances.
High reliability is secured by a highly sealed and firm cartridge.
High reliability means low cost for service and support, as well as increased productivity.
High reliability means very little maintenance and service.
High reliability provides maximum up-time.
High relief gives way to separate standing statues in architectural decoration.
High relief is sculptural relief
High rents are only part of the story.
High rents are the biggest single business killer today.
High rents have a destructive impact on student communities and create ghettoisation.
High reps are best here.
High repetitions are fairly standard here.
High representatives coordinate monthly with elementary and high school efforts.
High resistance gives greater pick-up and thus higher common mode voltage.
High resistance makes high tolerance useless.
High resistances permit higher voltages for a given power level.
High resistivity designates poor conductors.
High resistivity means poor conductivity.
High resolution can often compensate for a smaller screen.
High resolution defect analysis and topography profiles.
High resolution delivers superior picture definition.
High resolution enables a more accurate topography to be employed as well.
High resolution has two main effects on a viewable image.
High resolution is a necessity when performing nucleic acid analysis.
High resolution is all about pointing lots of pixels at a small area.
High resolution is concentrated on the dancer in the first image.
High resolution is concentrated on the man in the first image.
High resolution is concentrated on the woman in the first image.
High resolution is essential for the problem.
High resolution is good.
High resolution is important to separate and identify closely spaced masses.
High resolution is most useful for line drawing.
High resolution is necessary for making large prints.
High resolution is provided by monitoring white light interference fringes.
High resolution is thus desirable.
High resolution is very important for image clarity.
High resolution looks better.
High resolution makes for even better viewing.
High resolution provides more detail and better print quality.
High resolution refers to small values of the minimum resolvable distance.
High resolution refers to the number of independent components that are available for development.
High resolution requires high quality components to go with it.
High resolution reveals thin beds.
High resolution scanning entrance slit provides background correction and poly-scan capabilities.
High resolution studies a priority when possible.
High resolutions are available and the textures are nicely detailed.
High resolutions create large files with NO improvement in the quality of a picture on the net.
High resolutions do also most often result in a big performance hit.
High results can be an indicator of diabetes.
High retention decreases costs and increases the quality of guest service.
High return means big bucks.
High returns continue to draw investment interest in extended-stay lodging.
High returns require high risk.
High revenue equals job security.
High reward carries high risk for vert skateboarders.
High ridges radiate from the center like spokes of a wheel.
High rise is relative.
High rises are buildings.
High rises are good for investors in capitalist housing markets, giving a high return on investment.
High rises are located in cities.
High rises are located in downtowns.
High rises are located in residential areas.
High rises are located in skylines.
High rises are located in stock markets.
High rises are too tall but it is still a top city.
High rises are towers.
High rises are used for apartments.
High rises are used for condominiums.
High rises are used for condos.
High rises are used for eats.
High rises are used for offices.
High rises belong down in the loop.
High risk are establishments with complex preparation of potentially hazardous foods.
High risk can bring high reward, though.
High risk equals high rewards.
High risk is defined as exposure to blood, vomit, urine or mucous from the patient.
High risk is more expensive, low risk less expensive.
High risk is primarily due to behaviors such as multiple partners and non-use of condoms.
High risk is related to abuse and neglect.
High risk is rewarded, leaving a fairway wood to a long iron into a well-guarded green.
High risk means the potential for loss is high.
High risk means the probability of high return.
High risk shifts a bank's tax liability to the next period and that raises problems.
High risks require high insurance premiums.
High road is a top down, centralized control.
All high roads lead to enlightenment.
High rock faces overlook many smaller lakes which are accessible by an easy portage.
High rock faces overlook many smaller lakes, which are accessible by an easy portage.
High Rock makes a nice destination and a good place for lunch.
High roll goes first with play proceeding in a clockwise direction.
A high roller is a consumer
High roller gets to activate that leader for movement and combat.
High rollers are buildings.
High rollers are gamblers.
High rollers can check in, dine and depart without ever stepping into the main casino.
High rollers can check-in, depart and dine without ever stepping into the main casino.
High rollers donate millions to have their names memorialized by their universities.
High rollers have cheese laid on for an extra dime.
High rollers prefer to gamble in Illinois.
High sales require work and professionalism.
High salinity can be detrimental to irrigation and drinking-water supplies.
High salinity does, however, cause a severe reduction of the reproductive output.
High salinity elicits water conservation tactics within the plant.
High salinity makes soils unsuitable for growing crops.
High salinity produces a variety of water quality problems.
High salt is a major problem.
High salts can cause yellowing of lower foliage.
High saturation means that there are big differences between at least two of the values.
High savings mean low spending which means low investment which means negative economic growth.
High school boys discover women.
High school educators help students.
High school graduates have experience.
High school masons start careers.
High school students demonstrate exceptional talent.
High school students demonstrate talent.
High school students to complete activities.
High school teachers have degrees.
High school teachers help students.
High school teachers see students.
High school teachers teach students.
A high school is a secondary school
High school acknowledge it more.
High school affects students' futures by influencing what college they go to.
High school athletes no longer can just go out and play.
High school bullies gore other kids.
High school can be a stressful time in a student's life.
High school can be an extremely difficult time for many students.
High school can be rough.
High school can change somebody.
High school can only make the rest of life's work easier.
High school comes around just once.
High school comes to mind.
High school Get to know as many teachers and other school personnel as possible.
High school Go.
High school goes by really fast.
High school grading and reporting works the same way in a school on the quarter system.
High school graduate to be able to read, interpret and play variety of music.
High school graduates seeking vocational training can enroll in vocational certificate programs.
High school graduates with developmental disabilites.
High school graduates with no college experience.
High school graduates with no formal training in surveying can start as an apprentices.
High school graduates with no formal training in surveying usually start as a helper.
High school graduates with no formal training in surveying usually start as an apprentice.
High school has a sign out sheet located in the office.
High school has sister school relationships with schools in Nicaragua and China.
High school has steps.
High school has the option to take classes for computer usage.
High school is a couple blocks up on the right.
High school is a cupcake.
High school is a cycle thing.
High school is a different kind of thought process.
High school is a difficult place for the emotionally disabled.
High school is a distant memory.
High school is a dress rehearsal for college.
High school is a great experience for kids to go through.
High school is a great medium for political awareness.
High school is a great time but there is a ton to learn and tons more to experience.
High school is a happy, yet, trying time for a teenager.
High school is a joke to everyone.
High school is a lot of jumping through hoops.
High school is a prime example showing the roots of hate crime.
High school is a social setting as well as, a learning setting.
High school is a speed bump.
High school is a strange time.
High school is a team thing.
High school is a time of change.
High school is a time of decisions.
High school is a time of preparation for the real world.
High school is a time of rapidly expanding autonomy.
High school is a time of stress.
High school is a time to gain knowledge and prepare students for college or work.
High school is a time to prepare today's youth for tomorrow's world.
High school is a tough nut to crack as most kids just want to get their hands on the wheel of a car.
High school is a very important aspect of a teenager's life - a stepping stone to adulthood.
High school is a very important part of life where kids learn and grow.
High school is a very important period when examined from a developmental viewpoint.
High school is a very important time in a person's life.
High school is a wondrous free ride.
High school is about a mile on the right past town square.
High school is about a mile on the right.
High school is all about falling off the horse and getting back on.
High school is all that's left.
High school is almost over.
High school is an anomoly in how it operates.
High school is an important period in each child's life.
High school is another matter.
High school is best.
High school is better.
High school is but one, small part of a long life of possibilities.
High school is certainly secondary to becoming a great writer or editor.
High school is definitely a time for decision-making.
High school is definitely tough, in many ways.
High school is evil.
High school is girls.
High school is hard and can be fun.
High school is here, and along with it, the feeling of worry because of their independence.
High school is high school.
High school is hot.
High school is important.
High school is incredible shit.
High school is just so cliquey.
High school is largest of three buildings.
High school is like a big scary island.
High school is like being in a holding pattern where yo u're treated like a child.
High school is located on the second block of East John Street on the right.
High school is long past.
High school is mandatory and usually free.
High school is meant to be fun.
High school is meant to prepare adolescents for the real world.
High school is microcosm of life.
High school is more than being involved in classes.
High school is more than preparing to just pass a test.
High school is much different here.
High school is no more important than any other level, but it is our most inadequate facility.
High school is now available to any student preparing to enter a university.
High school is often our last organized preventive focus for many teenagers.
High school is on left at second light.
High school is on left, field is behind school.
High school is on left.
High school is on right.
High school is on the left, middle school is on the right.
High school is on the left.
High school is on the right.
High school is one mile on the left hand side.
High school is one subject most of the time with periods off to do lesson planning.
High school is probably the easiest time in their life.
High school is right there.
High school is so complex with extracurricular activities and tests and dances and performances.
High school is so fun.
High school is such a bizarre experience.
High school is supposed to be the best times of our lives.
High school is the beginning of real life as one teacher puts it.
High school is the best opportunity for support and intervention for kids who grow up queer.
High school is the last of the innocence.
High school is the next big step in our lives.
High school is the pinnacle of life.
High school is the testing ground for life.
High school is the time for competition.
High school is too late for many students.
High school is too late to begin a meaningful education in science.
High school is too late to start.
High school is totally different than youth.
High school is tough.
High school is tougher on the parents.
High school is very easy.
High school is way different.
High school is where children develop critical thinking.
High school is where it all comes together.
High school is where it's at baby.
High school is where the obsession began.
High school leaves scars on the hearts and souls of children, scars that can never be removed.
High school means more of everything.
High school offers elective courses in the study of the dramatic arts.
High school offers lots of cool stuff to do and get involved with.
High school prepares all students to transition to college and ultimately to career.
High school prepares students for college or occupational training.
High school prepares students for university studies.
High school remain in the service.
High school requires little more than dressing out for three semesters.
High school seems to have a unique brand of fan and situation.
High school sends home individual permission slips for each video.
High school sits on the north side of the street.
High school sucks.
High school transcripts only if they are for proof of foreign language requirements.
High school's a bizarre reality warp that seems unescapable.
High schools are academies.
High schools are an ideal setting for prevention programs.
High schools are another critical area.
High schools are at the top of many reform agendas nationally.
High schools are closed.
High schools are concerned about the cost of changing texts so often in dual credit courses.
High schools are different.
High schools are full of bright, tech-savvy kids.
High schools are particularly guilty of stealing summer away from students.
High schools are responsible for recording high school credits.
High schools are schools.
High schools are the anchor of strong communities.
High schools are the most difficult places to institute change.
High schools are to develop programs for students and the community.
High schools arrange for tutors to be available on given days for tutoring and homework help.
High schools breed procrastination.
High schools bring people together, the same as churches did years ago.
High schools can create scholarships for the students.
High schools choose the recipients based on our guidelines.
High schools comprise half their market with colleges and universities as the remainder.
High schools continue to see students leave before graduating.
High schools distribute condoms to students against the wishes of their parents.
High schools gear up to create effective school and family partnerships.
High schools get improvements.
High schools have a four period block schedule day.
High schools have a list of graduation requirements.
High schools have advanced classes and challenging programs to meet the needs of gifted students.
High schools have college days where many colleges send people to recruit possible students.
High schools have different policies regarding acceptance of summer school credits.
High schools have examinations.
High schools have new problems now that school property has been declared a no-smoking zone.
High schools have physical examinations.
High schools have the capacity to change the way that families support teens school success.
High schools have to change.
High schools have to do more than graduate good test takers, they have to graduate good learners.
High schools have trainers.
High schools hire part-timers now, too.
High schools hire teachers.
High schools include roles.
High schools offer a comprehensive curriculum that meets or exceeds state standards.
High schools offer a variety of vocational programs.
High schools offer instruction in French, German, Latin, Russian and Spanish.
High schools ought to begin a process of socialization as well as education.
High school's over, bud.
High schools prefer architectural training with design and drafting.
High schools provide a social network and social development for teenagers.
High schools provide information to students about the test and registration forms.
High schools provide information.
High schools provide registration forms and information to students about the test.
High schools provide time periods and often bussing for vocational instruction.
High schools receive funds for each student taking four high school courses.
High schools receive one badge.
High schools root for their team and everyone needs new gear.
High schools see big conflicts.
High schools take about five years.
High schools teach to the test academically.
High school's too important.
High schools use metal detectors in an attempt to keep out weapons of violence.
High schools vary in quality which often leads to grade inflation.
High schools work mainly through booster clubs.
All high schools are citywide.
All high schools carry full athletic and music programs as well as a vocational education program.
All high schools have an administrator specifically assigned to issue permits.
All high schools have fryers.
All high schools have science labs.
All high schools offer a comprehensive curriculum at regular and honors levels.
All high schools offer a selection of honors and advanced placement courses.
All high schools offer some advanced placement and honors courses.
All high schools subscribe to it.
Any high school has but a thin yellow line between order and total anarchy.
Every high school has a theater program, and the classes are full.
Every high school has strategies in place to improve achievement in college entrance exams.
Many high school romances between classmates blossomed into later marriages.
Many high schools are huge, impersonal places.
Many high schools are too large and impersonal, and students see no value in what they are learning.
Many high schools encourage volunteer service, including tutoring.
Many high schools give interest tests.
Many high schools give that kind of help.
Many high schools have a chapter.
Many high schools have an entire senior class smaller than that.
Many high schools have career days and look for guest speakers.
Many high schools have informational sessions on how to apply for financial assistance.
Many high schools have no librarians or counselors.
Many high schools have scholarships specifically for their own students.
Many high schools have their own outdoor adventure program.
Many high schools offer introductory keyboarding classes.
Many high schools offer only one or two courses.
Many high schools operate on the same code of consequences.
Many high schools perform each week as the programs evolve and change.
Many high schools provide programs for the talented and gifted children.
Many high schools recommend or require that their students participate in community service.
Many high schools require academic teachers to moonlight as assistant coaches.
Many high schools require less and less math and science courses to ensure that students can finish.
Many high schools require validated immunization records for all students.
Most high schools can manage that.
Most high schools charge some fees or tuition.
Most high schools differ greatly in basic skill requirements at the upper levels.
Most high schools have a baseball field.
Most high schools have coop programs and many have internships available.
Most high schools have counselors.
Most high schools have examinations.
Most high schools have physical examinations.
Most high schools have several assemblies a year.
Most high schools have some type of career center.
Most high schools have the forms.
Most high schools have their own school paper.
Most high schools hire teachers.
Most high schools meet notability so colleges definitely do.
Most high schools offer both academic and vocational programs.
Most high schools offer such courses.
Most high schools prohibit or strongly restrict students from working part-time.
Most high schools provide from one to three credits for a successfully completed apprenticeship.
Most high schools provide information.
Most high schools require at least two years of science, but colleges recommend at least three.
Most high schools start students out with biology.
Some high schools allow that option.
Some high schools are more difficult than others.
Some high schools elect both a white and a black Homecoming queen to eliminate racial problems.
Some high schools have a better reputation for producing college caliber students.
Some high schools have shops for vocational training.
Some high schools make growth.
Some high schools offer courses that are linked with classes at local technical colleges.
Some high schools offer culinary arts as a course of study.
Some high schools offer driver education classes for adults, too.
Some high schools offer full and partial scholarships.
Some high schools offer Russian.
Some high schools permit students to be inducted in junior or senior year.
Some high schools require an application fee and an essay with the individual application.
Some high schools serve as sites for afternoon and evening college courses.
Some high schools use career clusters to integrate academic and vocational programs.
Some high schools use metal detectors.
Some high schools use worms.
High score determines winner.
High score goes first with play continuing to the left.
High score indicate high levels of cheating behavior.
High score is better.
High score wins prizes.
High scores are best.
High scores are better than low scores.
High scores are better.
High scores are extremely predictive of coronary artery disease.
High scores are rare, consistent high scores are almost unknown.
High scores are red flags.
High scores can be uploaded and more.
High scores can win prizes.
High scores correspond to heterogeneous corpora and dissimilar corpora.
High scores create satisfaction.
High scores equate to greater self-perceptions of problem solving ability.
High scores feature.
High scores have a chance at winning a monthly prize or a yearly Grand Prize.
High scores indicate a high level of knowledge.
High scores indicate general negative self appraisal.
High scores indicate healthy lifestyle.
High scores indicate high anxiety.
High scores indicate high level of perfectionism.
High scores indicate high levels of mastery.
High scores indicate high levels of postconventional moral reasoning.
High scores indicate high social anxiety level.
High scores indicate more stability and less risk.
High scores indicate negative attitudes towards the company, boss, co-workers and the job itself.
High scores indicate that the family tends to use electronic and print media in healthy ways.
High scores is pretty self explanatory.
High scores maximize the number of universities and colleges available for enrollment.
High scores mean more allocation and bonus money and the dealer wants that money.
High scores mean that a family has consistent rules.
High scores records for each game mode are available.
High scores represent fast performance.
High scores represent superior customer satisfaction among a retailer's online shoppers.
High scores suggest a tendency towards diffuse physical complaints and somatization.
High scores tend to be grandiose, resentful, cold, and at times cruel.
High scorer wins.
High scorers are disciplined, organized, and self controlled.
High scorers are imaginative, artistic, have broad interests, and unusual beliefs.
High scorers get loans on the best available terms.
High scorers get the best deals and the lowest interest rates.
High scorers get the lowest interest rates and higher credit lines.
High scorers get to enter their names.
High scorers receive college credits.
High scorers receive various book prizes and mathematical publications.
High scorers tend to be disturbed by what they see as moral decay in society.
High scorers tend to be volatile and demonstrative.
High sea is bodies of water.
High sea is part of mains.
High sea is water
High seas cargo.
High seas destroy oceanfront home.
High seas fleet nearby.
High Seas pp.
A high season is a season
High season is a term used in Europe to define the time when most the country is on vacation.
High season is Memorial Day to Labor Day.
High season is year round.
High seasons are seasons.
High security allows no macro code to run.
High security allows only macros that have been signed to open.
High security can prevent files from downloading.
High security insures only valids get entrance to important places.
High security requires a hardware token such as a smart card or Fortezza card.
High sensitivity is accomplished by monitoring groups of related signals.
High sensitivity is also with the microlens CCD technology.
High sensitivity is desirable so that a shorter recording time can be used.
High sensitivity is ensured by the use of on-chip micro lenses on each pixel.
High sensitivity is ensured through the use of fiberless optics.
High sensitivity is maintained as specificity increases.
High sensitivity is possible.
High sensitivity is provided by laser excitation and optical detection.
High sensitivity permits detection of dim objects.
High sensitivity requires minimising volume consistent with patient comfort.
High service pumps at treatment plant.
High services are up to three hours long.
High shear environments are created by level jet wind.
High shear environments are created by wind.
High shear is critical to the initial wetting step.
High side refers to the side of the system that is under high pressure and high temperature.
High side slits.
High sides prevent drips and spills.
High sides prevent the lower part of the bird from browning and can make basting difficult.
High signs attract the attention of drivers on the adjacent freeway .
High skill wins, low skill loses.
High skies make for tough fishing.
High slope corresponds to a more hierarchical use of commands than lower slope.
High snowfall can result in substantially reduced survival of adult mountain goats.
High sodium intake promotes effects.
High sodium can deplete potassium and probably lithium.
High soil moisture increases disease severity.
High soil moisture increases severity.
High solids allows full build with fewer coats.
High solids can also coat and insulate the still's heating surfaces.
High solids cure.
High solids gives good buildups with fewer coats, saving time and providing more screens per gallon.
High solubility ensures complete and thorough fiber wetting for enhanced mechanical properties.
High sounds have high frequencies and low sounds have low frequencies.
High sources are egg yolk and seafood.
High speed autosamplers commonly use quartz wool as the liner packing.
High speed bicycling greatly exacerbates the inherent dangers of curbside riding and BLs in general.
High speed can cause excessive heat at the seal faces.
High speed can separate the seal faces in rotating seal designs.
High speed delivers near-television quality and is preferable for full focus group transmissions.
High speed dives enable Peregrines catch everything from songbirds to herons and ducks.
High speed drawing performed in hardware makes screen refreshes very fast.
High speed driving with under inflated tires can lead to tread separation.
High speed imaging technology allows one to capture fast motion.
High speed is a little unprototypical, but they are quiet, pull well and look great.
High speed is a necessity.
High speed is accomplished when the directional valve bypasses the restriction of the needle valve.
High speed is an important factor in assuring clean cutting performance on any shaper.
High speed is dictated by two essential production rules.
High speed is efficient for celery, carrots, spinach, beets and ginger.
High speed is ok.
High speed is one of the major causes of fatal tractor accidents occurring on public roads.
High speed is the leading cause of accidents.
High speed is used during manual trim, and low speed during automatic trim.
High speed makes it practical for users to analyze huge quantities of data.
High speed masticating juicers can be problematic if heat is generated.
High speed masticating process creates high friction, thus heating and sometimes steaming produce.
High speed means improved management of risk.
High speed requires the use of stationary seal designs.
High speed scanning alone is no compensation for poor quality scanning.
High speed spinning equipment requires quality fiber for higher quality end products.
High speed tends to point out shortcomings in a course quickly.
High speeds are another advantage.
High speeds bring cooling winds and progress is quick.
High speeds can also create a vortex behind the sprayer, thus further distorting the pattern.
High speeds create more heat for tires and the engine.
High speeds generate high frequency vibrations.
High speeds heat the probe and can damage samples.
High speeds increase both tire force and bouncing.
High speeds increase stopping distances greatly.
High speeds increase the risk of fatal crashes, especially for pedestrians.
High speeds reduce total traffic capacity due to the increased distance required between vehicles.
High speeds require short dots.
High speeds result in considerably higher emissions than low speeds.
Some high spenders come to indulge and some penny-ante folk to gawk.
High spending ensures that it is among the best in the world.
High spigot accommodates large transfer vessels.
High spikes indicate a large amount of traffic being sent or received.
High spirits are in evidence here.
High spirits can replace high consumption.
A high spot is an item
High spots looking down into drainages afford excellent vantage points for spotting moose.
High sprains are harder to treat and can sometimes take six weeks to heal.
High sprains are worse.
High spread means that bookmakers have different views to what is the correct odds on a match.
High spreads mean high profits.
High springs occur around midday.
High staff turn over.
High stakes are for tomatoes .
High stakes are the sole criteria for graduation.
High Stakes Enter the following as usernames.
High stakes hang on the improvement goals.
High Stakes Look no further.
High stakes means, sooner or later, a long way to fall.
High stakes risks It's because the stakes are so high.
High standards apply at all times and during all stages of revision.
High standards are a double-edged sword for children already at risk for academic failure.
High standards are a program priority while nurturing the talents of every student.
High standards are a way of life.
High standards are achievable by virtually all New Jersey students.
High standards are essential.
High standards are hard to find.
High standards are important in all learning.
High standards are important.
High standards are necessary to retain customers and the develop new ones.
High standards are vital to ensure the integrity of the profession.
High standards are what our first guest achieved in order to succeed.
High standards command a high price.
High standards exist.
High standards focus our overall sense of direction, and lend a sense of urgency to our daily work.
High standards have to set, so that students don t just cruise through without learning anything.
High standards is good.
High standards means as good as the best and a lot better than the worst.
High standards prevail throughout.
High standards require effective instruction and adequate resources to support that instruction.
High standards yield quality results.
High status gives right to plan and order subordinates' behavior.
High status is status
High stiffness means that a large force produces a small displacement.
High story counts.
High strain tends to be a precursor to an earthquake.
A high street is a street
High street follows line of roman road.
High strength is needed to achieve maximum rotational speed.
High strength makes a good warrior, higher intelligence a good magic user.
High strength permits immediate power stretching.
High stress can be part of the causes of hair loss.
High stress can even affect hair, causing temporary loss in some individuals.
High stress can lead to disrupted parenting and even family violence.
High stress has the highest pitch, about four notes above a vowel without a stress mark.
High stress is associated with items in focus.
High stress kills too.
High students attend worship with their families during first service.
High students chat here.
High students process life in a small group format.
High students use the Bible and other texts for a topic-driven class.
High style is certainly available in Saint Petersburg.
High style is fashion
High sulfur coal produces dioxide.
High sulfur coal produces sulfur dioxide.
High sulphate can also interfere with copper absorption.
High summer can be hot so beware of sunburn.
High summer holds the earth.
High supply is the secret to Texas' success thus far.
High surf occurs during winter months.
High surface is silky smooth capable of holding the finest detail.
High surfaces scrape while the valleys hold and hide.
High tariffs are a much bigger issue for the forest-products industry.
High tariffs encourage inefficient producers and drive up consumer prices.
High tariffs keep the better wines out of the reach of all but the well-off.
High tariffs make hardware extra expensive, so innovation is especially difficult.
High tariffs sound good because they protect American industry.
High tariffs tend to favor Northern industrial economies.
Some high tariffs are remnants of previous trade wars.
High tax is good, low tax is evil.
High taxa are orders.
High taxes are a big reason families today feel so stressed.
High taxes are a crime against people, both rich and poor.
High taxes are a disincentive to economic growth.
High taxes are an infringement on the liberty of our families.
High taxes are another enemy of portfolio returns.
High taxes are driven by high spending, it's just that simple.
High taxes are taxes on jobs.
High taxes depress the economy.
High taxes discourage work and investment.
High taxes encourage people to quit or never to start smoking.
High taxes force families to work harder each year to fuel a growing government.
High taxes hurt our families and our economy.
High taxes kill jobs, erode family income, and make saving for the future difficult.
High taxes limit parents' freedom and ability to address the needs of their families.
High taxes make Maryland families poorer and reduce opportunity.
High taxes mean fewer jobs.
High taxes reduce the incentive to work, save and invest.
High taxes reduce the return to owners of capital and labor.
High taxes require two incomes to pay, and nuclear families are in a meltdown.
High Tea Create an afternoon of fun with an old elegant tradition.
High tea is also quite the thing to do.
High tea is dinner
High tea is dinner.
High tea is popular on weekends.
High tea is served at the dining table or from a sideboard.
High tea is served in the afternoon, with breads, light beverages and a specially blended tea.
High tea is served.
High tea is the late afternoon meal of the middle class and includes a bounty of food.
High tech can extend the lecturer s capability .
High tech can extend the lecturer's capability .
High tech can help in other ways.
High tech can replace high touch.
High tech comes at a price.
High tech demands high skill of all workers.
High tech gets more political.
HIGH TECH Go to the online form.
High tech goes third world.
High tech helps.
High tech is amazing and more and more the world is dependent upon it.
High tech is an area of growth for entrepreneurs.
High tech is an international phenomenon.
High tech is being perverted to low ends, they cry.
High Tech Is Better.
High tech is biotechnology.
High tech is critical to that.
High tech is fine, but lack of basics is embarrassing.
High tech is fun, but tech is, let's face it, a cost.
High tech is global.
High tech is great, if it works.
High tech is here to stay.
High tech is in a slump.
High tech is innovations,future advancements,progress and control.
High tech is made simple.
High tech is potent, precise, and in the end, unbeatable.
High tech is really just a marketing ploy.
High tech is supposed to be the savior of the stupid voter.
High tech is technology
High tech is the fastest-growing industry in China.
High tech is the power stroke of America's economy.
High tech is wonderful.
High tech is young, hot, and workaholic.
High tech kites for kite traction, kite sailing and air fun.
High- tech loves an acronym.
High tech magnifies the phenomenon, but it's always been there.
High tech means skilled online searching of the world's most authoritative databases.
High tech meets folk wisdom in recent studies of garlic's chemical composition.
High tech meets high fashion.
High tech needs a Hollywood makeover in order to rekindle interest among kids, the experts say.
High tech needs brains.
High tech tends to mean high pay and increased job opportunities.
High tech tills with touch screen display.
High technology can also enhance the quality of bedding.
High technology can also enhance the quality of beddings.
High technology can create vast wealth very quickly, sometimes in a matter of months.
High technology contributes to entrepreneurial stress and disorganization.
High technology holds that potential.
High technology is a driving force behind economic growth in Montreal and the province as a whole.
High technology is a powerful media, with enormous possibilities of exploration and implementation.
High technology is also part of the high school curriculum.
High technology is B.C.'s fastest growing industry.
High technology is fast moving and fast growing - nothing is set in concrete.
High technology is fast moving and fast growing nothing is set in concrete.
High technology is increasingly a significant growth industry in our county economies.
High technology is neither good or bad.
High technology is no longer the wave of the future.
High technology is now number one.
High technology is technology
High technology is technology.
High technology is used to make the programs entertaining and educational.
High technology leads the manufacturing sector and is rallying to offset defense-related job losses.
High technology leads the manufacturing sector.
High technology makes a cooperative society possible.
High technology makes medical breakthroughs available to people in rural America.
High technology offers new opportunities for wrongdoers.
High technology pervades daily life.
High teens can plan stay a little longer on Wednesdays to study together.
High temperature accelerates certain failure modes in the battery.
High temperature accelerates egg maturation, resulting in an even greater oxygen demand by the fish.
High temperature affects capacity.
High temperature affects motility.
High temperature affects quality.
High temperature affects sperm motility.
High Temperature Allow the wafer chuck to cool down before servicing.
High temperature can be an accentuating factor.
High temperature can cause inconsistency in the luminosity and chromaticity of an LED display.
High temperature can expand metal components and make the oil coke.
High temperature can turn the surface of a new piece into a uniform dull brown or darker color.
High temperature causes chemical reaction.
High temperature causes destruction of lysosomes and the whole cells.
High temperature causes problems.
High temperature causes reaction.
High temperature decreases during seasons.
High temperature dissociates molecules, creating an ion emission spectra.
High temperature drying - air is heated in the bin to high temperatures for fast drying.
High temperature drying can occur in a continuous flow, automatic batch, or bin dryer.
High temperature drying creates chloride concentration accelerating corrosion.
High temperature flows.
High temperature grades for resistance to heat and flame use fiberglass and asbestos fabrics.
High temperature grades that are resistant to heat and flame use glass and asbestos fabrics.
High temperature has more harmful than low temperature for plant.
High temperature impacts survival.
High temperature increases the permeability of cell membranes.
High temperature inhibits germination.
High temperature is accompanied by high humidity before or after spraying.
High temperature is an important factor in the aphid population control.
High temperature is another hazard faced by short-beaked echidnas.
High temperature is required for the existence of the gases as ions or any matter as ions.
High temperature kills many forms of microbes and limit the rate of decomposition.
High temperature limits biological reaction.
High temperature limits reaction.
High temperature lowers the quality of eggs.
High temperature makes the vaccine impotent.
High temperature means short wavelengths.
High temperature means that an object's consituent parts are moving around energetically. .
High temperature ranges from cs.
High temperature reduces growth.
High temperature speeds up respiration.
High temperatures affect feed intake.
High temperatures allow the pathogens to spread faster, so summer tourists are most at risk.
High temperatures appear to lead to rapid dissipation of some POPs to the atmosphere.
High temperatures applies to multiple firings as well.
High temperatures are a factor.
High temperatures are a serious concern with llamas.
High temperatures are also a problem.
High temperatures are common during the summer months.
High temperatures are common.
High temperatures are detrimental to fertility, embryo survival, and fetal development.
High temperatures are especially serious.
High temperatures are essential during the fruiting period to get the best flavor.
High temperatures are lethal to fish.
High temperatures are likely to result in leaf yellowing.
High temperatures are needed for the destruction of pathogens and parasites.
High temperatures are often necessary.
High temperatures are on the left side and decrease to the right.
High temperatures are only part of the problem.
High temperatures are present.
High temperatures are sometimes lethal for fish.
High temperatures can also adversely affect roots.
High temperatures can also affect mating with reduced sexual activity.
High temperatures can also be troublesome, so remove gold jewelry before slipping into a hot tub.
High temperatures can also damage foods in the pantry.
High temperatures can also result in longlasting responses.
High temperatures can cause death of pollen and also kernel abortion.
High temperatures can cause heat stress for people inside a silo.
High temperatures can cause plastic containers to melt and some glass containers to explode.
High temperatures can cause tall spears to grow much taller by the next day.
High temperatures can decrease flower bud development.
High temperatures can drive the insulating oil out of the paper.
High temperatures can evaporate active ingredients.
High temperatures can kill sperm, resulting in a low sperm count.
High temperatures can kill sperm.
High temperatures can kill the larvae.
High temperatures can kill the seed or the seedling as it emerges ii.
High temperatures can reduce growth, increase flower or pod abortion, and reduce yield.
High temperatures can result in both decreased performance levels generally and aggressive displays.
High temperatures caramelize the surface.
High temperatures cause birds to become uncomfortable and prone to pecking.
High temperatures cause cheese to become leathery.
High temperatures cause increased respiration sometimes above the rate of photosynthesis.
High temperatures cause petroleum oil to oxidize and break down.
High temperatures cause poorly colored, low quality carrots.
High temperatures cause the granules to burst.
High temperatures cause yellowing of the older leaves.
High temperatures change the shape.
High temperatures collapse their vascular systems.
High temperatures damage the flower buds.
High temperatures decrease the persistency of agents and cause higher vapour concentrations.
High temperatures demand more energy use for air conditioning.
High temperatures destroy enzymes and proteins, killing the organisms responsible for decay.
High temperatures encourage microbial growth and activity in both water and food sources.
High temperatures enroute often cause spoilage, especially in gunshot areas.
High temperatures ensure nothing can live too far below the earth's surface.
High temperatures exist in most settings where metamorphism occurs.
High temperatures found in the farrowing house can also cause low appetites.
High temperatures hasten all ripening responses except red color development.
High temperatures hasten flowering.
High temperatures have the opposite effect.
High temperatures help milk fats dissolve and help cleaning in general.
High temperatures imply high speeds for gas particles.
High temperatures increase crop water demands.
High temperatures increase deterioration reaction rates and melt heat-susceptible materials.
High temperatures increase electricity demand for cooling.
High temperatures increase insect populations necessitating more frequent pesticide treatment.
High temperatures increase the rate at which paper deteriorates.
High temperatures increase the respiration process so more carbohydrates are used.
High temperatures increase the toxicity of mustard gas.
High temperatures increase water consumption.
High temperatures inhibit the germination of common ragweed.
High temperatures lead to bad ratitudes, and many competitors declined to leave starting gate.
High temperatures lead to breakdown of tubers, sprouting, and water loss.
High temperatures makes the crustal rock soft.
High temperatures mean lots of motion.
High temperatures produce high electricity loads.
High temperatures produce more vacancies and higher ionic conductivity.
High temperatures promote rapid development of symptoms.
High temperatures provide the key to driving fusion.
High temperatures reduce postharvest flowering of specialty floral crop species.
High temperatures reduce the longevity of electronic devices.
High temperatures result in a significant decrease in pressures.
High temperatures result in decreased rate of gain because the rabbits reduce feed intake.
High temperatures result in molecules having higher vibrational and translational energies.
High temperatures result in some protein binding to fiber fractions and becoming indigestible.
High temperatures seem to be detrimental to fruit set.
High temperatures take their toll on the performance of hogs and sows and can reduce boar fertility.
High temperatures tend to make the alcohol in wine more apparent.
High temperatures tend to mask foliage symptoms.
High temperatures tend to mask the quantum mechanical effects.
High temperatures tend to suppress symptom expression.
High temperatures work in calcite's favor.
High temperatures yield sulfur dioxide and hazardous residue.
Most high temperature affects capacity.
Most high temperature affects motility.
Most high temperature affects quality.
Most high temperature affects sperm motility.
Most high temperature causes chemical reaction.
Most high temperature causes problems.
Most high temperature causes reaction.
Most high temperature decreases during seasons.
Most high temperature limits biological reaction.
Most high temperature reduces growth.
Some high temperature affects feed intake.
Some high temperature causes chemical explosions.
Some high temperature causes explosions.
Some high temperature contributes to outbreaks.
Some high temperature leads to death.
Some high temperature limits growth.
Some high temperature promotes transformation.
High tenacity ensures above-average wear qualities.
High tension is the hallmark of modern man.
High testosterone can prevent ovulation.
High testosterone is the hook here, it virtually steams off the pages.
High throughput automated systems are under construction and new designs appear almost monthly.
High throughput is achieved by performing the various steps in parallel .
High throughput is achieved through direct accommodation by relay routers.
High throughput is achieved through pipelining which results in latency.
High throughput is achieved through the use of a double-ended wafer transfer arm.
High throughput is appropriate for the higher volume traffic.
High throughput is attained using large numbers of small, local components working in parallel.
High throughput shows up in other places.
High throughputs can clean grain more efficiently than wooden elevators.
High tide aligns with the moon as Earth spins underneath.
High tide aligns with the Moon as Earth spins underneath.
High tide backs everything up.
High tide brings with it nutrients and food.
High tide covers the low narrow beach, making two islands.
High tide is a wonderful, renewing event.
High tide is basiclly when the moon is most over head.
High tide is best to avoid carrying gear.
High tide is observed when the moon is directly overhead or on the exact opposite side of the earth.
High tide is okay but the best slope is during mid tide.
High tide is the crest of the wave and low tide the trough.
High tide is tide
High tide is tide.
High tide is when the best waves come in.
High tide is when the sea comes up towards land.
High tide leaves scant room to play, which frankly matters little to the many bush-dwellers.
High tide makes a great alarm clock.
High tide makes it easier to enter the water.
High tide minimizes the distance from water to cliffs.
High tide occurs when the point is under a bulge.
High tide peaks in one hour.
High tide rolls slowly to low.
High tide tends to get a bit full but can still be rideable.
High tides are both inconvenient and dangerous, making a tide table essential.
High tides are lower and low tides are higher than average.
High tides bring water far up on the shore.
High tides can mean very dangerous conditions, and some headlands require low tides for passage.
High tides cause great flooding in England and Scotland.
High tides coinciding with storm amplify the surge.
High tides destroy nests and kill more eggs.
High tides flush much of the nitrates out into the bay, providing nutrients for aquatic life.
High tides hold no fears at such times.
High tides provide additional protection to the females and eggs.
Some high tide causes damage.
Some high tides are higher than others.
High titers correlate with presence of rheumatoid nodules, and low synovial fluid complement.
High tolerance reduces selective impact of resistance.
High tone can cause a great deal of discomfort.
High tone is marked by an acute accent.
High tones are large.
High tones bounce and glide with ease.
High top covers the calf.
High tops are only useful to prevent the child from removing the shoes.
High topography is in brown and lower elevations are green.
High torque can cause problems in low power notebook drives.
High torque means efficient operation at low wind speeds.
High total dissolved solid concentrations can harm aquatic life.
High total suspended solids usually indicate fertile and producing waters.
High touch are soft, intangible qualities that are most often associated with arts and culture.
High touch can be high tech too.
High touch is a component of the culture.
High touch is about getting back to a human scale.
High touch is the luxury of liberals in a technocratic society.
High toughness requires both high strength and high ductility.
High traffic counts with great visibility.
High traffic ensures freshness.
High traffic is no problem.
High traffic is the ultimate measure of success for just about any website.
High traffic means more revenue and increased market share.
High traffic vending machine locating is our business.
High traffic vending machine positioning and locating is our business.
High trees like can sometimes cause power outages.
High triglycerides can also increase the risk for developing heart disease.
High triglycerides contribute to the development of atherosclerosis.
High trump wins the trick, or high card in suit if there are no trumps in the trick.
High trump wins the trick.
High trust generates what has been called 'the loyalty effect'.
High trust leads to high cooperation and communication.
High trust makes business more efficient.
High tuition is a great way for the rich to get richer, while the poor get poorer.
High turbidity can hinder the effectiveness of disinfectants.
High turbidity can reduce the effectiveness of disinfection.
High turbidity indicates a risk of parasites, such as cryptosporidium.
High turbidity reduces the penetration of light.
High turbulence provides excellent transfer coefficients while minimizing fouling.
High turnover can be a plaguing problem in many companies.
High turnover can double administrative costs annually.
High turnover can make it hard for small businesses to maintain a stable, cost-effective department.
High turnover can mean dissatisfaction with the nature of the work or something else about the job.
High turnover causes higher recruiting, hiring, and training expenses.
High turnover costs big money.
High turnover is a bad sign and can seriously compromise service.
High turnover is a big problem.
High turnover is a key challenge in the hospitality industry.
High turnover is a problem at most preschools and day cares.
High turnover is also a key sign of an instability in communities.
High turnover is confusing and disruptive to student learning.
High turnover is sometimes unavoidable.
High turnover leads to money being spent on training new employees.
High turnover makes it difficult to maintain a consistent control environment.
High turnover means high recruiting, relocation and training costs.
High turnover means vacancies, which means people have to fill in for absent workers.
High turnover prevents someone from becoming too entrenched in the position.
High twists have more twists per inch than a low twist yarn.
High uncertainty complicates communication with the public and the financial markets.
High uncertainty means a high probability of poorly characterized contamination.
High unemployment exacerbates problems.
High unemployment is a global problem and Canada's figures fall within the mid-range.
High unemployment is a good predictor of welfare rolls.
High unemployment is also a sign of economic stagnation for the state.
High unemployment is another issue.
High unemployment is associated with lower inflation rates.
High unemployment is costly.
High unemployment is one of Germany's most serious problems.
High unemployment is redundant to our inquiry.
High unemployment is the key economic problem in Germany.
High unemployment makes getting approval especially difficult, according to a visa specialist.
High unemployment provides another incentive to understand and use telework and teletrade methods.
High unemployment reduces wages, while high demand for workers increases wages and benefits.
High unemployment remains an issue in Yuma.
High unemployment remains the key economic problem.
High unemployment remains.
Most high unemployment exacerbates problems.
High uptake is seen in thalamus, basal ganglia, and amygdala.
High uptake is seen in the gray matter regions.
High uptake is seen in the kidney, liver, bladder, and tumor.
High uptime requires highly reliable electrical and mechanical systems.
High usability means more users and more sales , and thus makes sites thrive .
High usability means more users and more sales and thus makes sites thrive.
High use equals five or more circulations in the last ten years.
High use requires intensive management.
High utilization affects performance only when automated controls are completely implemented.
High vacuum is required to prevent reaction of evaporated material during flight to target.
High vacuum produces ultrapure crystals.
High value add.
High value freelance creative projects are also up for bids on our site.
High value is a product of high quality at a competitive price.
High value is accorded the Protestant work ethic.
High value is defined as a positive imbalance between the cost and benefits of a specific product.
High value is good for owners.
High value is placed on collaborative learning.
High value is placed on portfolio, statement of purpose, and other evidence of accomplishment.
High value is placed on the sanctity of life.
High value is provided for fees and taxes paid.
High value is shared between both parties.
High value means greater income from each bushel sold.
High value wetlands to be protected include . . .
High values are blue and low values are red.
High values are blue and low values in red.
High values are desirable for both measurements.
High values are desirable.
High values are good.
High values are indicative of murky green water, while low values represent clearer, bluer water.
High values attract high talent, which create high values.
High values correspond to highly variable transfer rates, and low values to consistent rates.
High values give information.
High values have a detrimental effect on communication signals, especially at high frequencies.
High values indicate bearish expectations and low values indicate bullish expectations.
High values indicate that the electromagnetic wave gets reflected.
High values indicate the availaability of moisture.
High values indicate the availability of moisture.
High values let only smooth, straight moves be counted.
High values mean high risk.
High values produce self-oscillation.
High values represent harder materials while low values indicate softer materials.
High values represent low preference and generate low utilities.
High values tend to make an object look metallic.
High values use a lot of memory and cause slow scanning.
Most high values give information.
High variance is an indication of high risk.
High variation implies larger buffering for delay-sensitive traffic such as voice and video.
High vegetable intake with low fat is the main shift in food choices.
High velocities can cause ball breaks.
High velocities correspond to low porosity values.
High velocity creates high shear stress in flow .
High verticals translate into long runs.
High violins recall the theme played by oboes in Var.
High virtue placed on women's chastity and virginity is pervasive.
High viscosity can interfere with free seal movement and cause seal face contact problems.
High viscosity flows slowly and with difficulty, like honey.
High viscosity indicates high attractive forces.
High viscosity is an indication that water is being lost, normally through evaporation.
High viscosity is better for build-up, patching for coarse aggregates, thick adhesives, etc.
High viscosity is responsible for the annoyingly slow flow of ketchup and molasses.
High viscosity is slow-flowing, like molasses or toothpaste.
High viscosity magmas tend to produce taller, steeper, more explosive volcanoes.
High visibility comes from underwriting a program in the uncluttered environment of community radio.
High visibility is critical to successful performance.
High visibility is support in itself.
High visibility is very important.
High visibility is what attracts advertisers.
High visibility makes it easier for fire trucks to move safely through traffic.
High visibility reduces the risk of injury from a flying weighted ball.
High visibility stripes.
High volatility can mean quick profits as well as quick Losses.
High volatility gets a larger smoothing constant so that more weight is given to current data.
High volatility marks the birth of new triangles.
High volatility means greed and fear are interacting very actively.
Most high volcanoes have icecaps or small glaciers.
High volleys are easy.
High voltage breaks down electrical insulators, including paint, skin, and most shoes and gloves.
High voltage breaks the two atoms of oxygen apart.
High voltage can cause the motor to overheat.
High voltage causes discharge.
High voltage is applied to the outer conductor.
High voltage is necessary to ensure the contact of the electrodes with the dividing arc.
High voltage is potent and dangerous.
High voltage is present, and there are no user-serviceable parts inside.
High voltage is reduced at substations by transformers.
High voltage is therefore a relative notion.
High voltage means lots of energy.
High voltage needs to be applied to the detector.
High voltage produces discharge.
High voltage produces electrical discharge.
High voltage transforms the gas into a glowing mixture of separate proton clusters and electrons.
High voltages are dangerous for various reasons, but the risk of electrocution is the main one.
High voltages can and do kill.
High voltages can leak off of conductors.
High voltages lead to decreased resolution.
Most high voltage causes discharge.
Most high voltage produces discharge.
Most high voltage produces electrical discharge.
Some high voltage causes injuries.
Some high voltage causes serious injuries.
High volume can cause pain.
High volume conveys high energy.
High volume cooling fans sustain a compatible internal temperature for optimum operation.
High volume counts on efficiency, whereas low volume counts on effectiveness .
High volume experience a plus.
High volume is easy to generate.
High volume is the key to profits.
High volume means lower prices, logistical convenience and longer rental times.
High volume running can cause stress fractures, and over use injuries.
High volumes are difficult to develop at the start of a program.
High volumes are the only way to profitability for manufacturers in the mainstream segment.
High volumes are where steel shines brightly.
High volumes can bring economies of scale, while raising demands for equipment durability.
High vowel asymmetries and markedness in some Chinese languages.
High vowel asymmetries in some Chinese languages.
High wages bring higher tax revenues.
High walls can be unstable at the top and the bottom and are prone to collapse.
High walls surround the complex, with wrought iron gates providing ingress on all four sides.
High water can happen at any time during the year, after a prolonged rain.
High water can periodically close the ferry.
High water can produce some of the best fishing of the year.
High water combined with low-water bridges or narrow chutes can be very dangerous.
High water continues to flow down the Columbia River.
High water creates a tremendous force against the levee.
High water demanding crops are broccoli, peppers, potatoes and tomatoes.
High water demanding crops include broccoli, peppers, potatoes and tomatoes.
High water gulleys, with effects of groundwater.
High water helps spread the fish around.
High water holds capacity.
High water is an awesome sight.
High water is dangerous.
High water is the most difficult condition to fish for the tucunare.
High water is tide
High water makes for especially scenic waterfalls in northern parks.
High water makes the creek crossings very dangerous.
High water means flooded vegetation.
High water provides the exhilaration of greater speed, bigger waves, and challenging rafting.
High water resulting from heavy rains and melting snow inundates the College Brook area.
High water resulting from heavy rains and snow melt inundates the College Brook area.
High water takes places.
High waters rushing over dams stirs the sense of adventure in too many booze lubricated boaters.
Every high water washes away more of the site.
Most high water holds capacity.
Most high water takes places.
High waves devastate low-lying coastal areas.
High weeds are an issue that is addressed every year.
High wind blowing now - drives the sparks from our fire over the rim, into the velvet abyss.
High wind damages tents.
High wind damages trees.
High wind is wind
High wind is wind.
High wind pushes sea water.
High wind pushes water.
High winds afford good soil drying conditions which minimize grape diseases.
High winds are a bit of a redundancy.
High winds are a common factor in the formation of slab avalanches.
High winds are able to blow away loose soil from flat or hilly terrain.
High winds are also a common problem on the routes through mountains and passes.
High winds are also common here.
High winds are common year-round, but are more common in late summer to early winter.
High winds are frequent and unpredictable in the basin.
High winds are frequent and unpredictable in the Basin.
High winds are known to cause damage, depending upon their strength.
High winds are no fun either.
High winds are prevalent in the spring.
High winds are the most common source of outages.
High winds are typical on most days.
High winds blow down branches and trees.
High winds blow down trees and create small and large gaps in forests.
High winds blowing on a cold day lower the temperature.
High winds can also bind or jam the actuator arm.
High winds can also blow the newly hatched larvae long distances.
High winds can also cause movable soccer goals to fall over.
High winds can be a problem, too.
High winds can be just as destructive as a tornado.
High winds can become sinister and have literally blown hikers off the top of the mountain.
High winds can blow shingles off the roofs once they curl.
High winds can break branches.
High winds can bring some of the most frustrating experiences to be found in road cycling.
High winds can buckle a weak door, creating entry for wind that can easily lift an unclipped roof.
High winds can cause damage depending on how strong they are.
High winds can cause damage to curtains and window hinges.
High winds can cause motion sickness in people working on the top floors.
High winds can create hazardous situations, especially for small craft.
High winds can damage the leaf stem and shred the leaves.
High winds can deposit snow and fine dust inside presumably sealed boxes.
High winds can dissipate smoke quickly, making it difficult to retain target identification.
High winds can easily overturn a mobile home, even if it is tied down.
High winds can flatten the top of the cloud into an anvil-like shape.
High winds can happen any time of year.
High winds can occur any time of year.
High winds can occur at anytime during the day and throughout the year.
High winds can present difficulties for d rivers at any time of year.
High winds can push a dish out of alignment. .
High winds can result in extreme damage to property and lives.
High winds can spring up quickly and, accompanied by low temperatures, can be dangerous.
High winds can spring up quickly, creating waves as high as six feet.
High winds can suddenly occur, creating very treacherous conditions.
High winds can topple trees, outdoor equipment, and electrical lines.
High winds cancel.
High winds cause a few ripples in the flag.
High winds cause dangerous winds.
High winds cause huge drifts and normal routines are disrupted for several days.
High winds cause huge drifts and normal routines can be disrupted for several days.
High winds cause mechanical damage to crops, soil erosion and land degradation.
High winds cause such fires to move quickly.
High winds challenge even the most creative player.
High winds change the sunlight available to the understory by opening up the canopy.
High winds disperse local ozone but cause regional ozone through long-range transport.
High winds do more damage to netting than any other factor.
High winds feed the forest flames.
High winds force water through broken windows.
High winds have crews on alert.
High winds increase avalanche potential.
High winds increase risk especially if inexperienced.
High winds lead to rough seas, so expect winter waves to be higher.
High winds persist along with drought conditions.
High winds predominate in the ecozone.
High winds reduce the thickness of the boundary layer, speeding diffusion of gases.
High winds rip siding and roofs from homes and apartment buildings and uproot trees.
High winds spread the fire to several other structures.
High winds tend to distort or modify the sprinkler pattern into an egg-shaped coverage pattern.
Some high wind carries snow.
Some high wind causes damage.
Some high wind destroys homes.
Some high wind is generated by thunderstorms.
High windows bring in natural daylight.
High windows bring in natural light.
High windows inject a sense of mystery.
High windows suffuse the gloom with pale light.
High wings make it easier for the pilot to see.
High winner deals first.
High yield invest.
High yield is an obvious target.
High yield is the goal.
High yield means more total income from more bushels per acre.
High yields are a specialized niche best left to experts.
High yields are obtained with excessively high inputs of fertilizers and pesticides.
High yields are possible on sandy soils if adequate moisture and fertility are provided.
High yields are pretty important too.
High yields carry high risk.
High yields come at a cost.
High yields come with high risks.
High yields depend on having the healthiest, most effective pollinators possible.
High yields have, in recent months, become the strongest performers among domestic bond products.
High youth are available.
High youth can have some wet fun in the sun.
High youth experience the wonders of broadcasting first hand.
High zinc can induce molting of layers.
A high is a level
Highs also bring more settled weather, clearer skies, and in summer, sunny warm days.
Highs are a little harsh at times and the midrange is a little washed out.
Highs are active in servant events, music and worship, fellowship events, and community events.
Highs are air mass.
Highs are clean and detailed, with some glare on digital.
Highs are clear and uniform.
Highs are clearer, naturally brilliant and more finely detailed.
Highs are crystal-clear.
Highs are degrees.
Highs are elation.
Highs are extremely transparent.
Highs are liquid as silicon gel.
Highs are more prestine.
Highs are much more defined and detailed.
Highs are much more detailed but smooth and natural, and lows much more distinct and powerful.
Highs are part of anticyclones.
Highs are periods of public spiritedness and cultural optimism.
Highs are periods of strong institutions and weakened individualism.
Highs are present yet non ear-fatiguing.
Highs are sweet and very nice extended.
Highs are usually very large, fair weather systems.
Highs generally create cooler, dryer temperatures, with little or no clouds.
Highs really are variable.
Highs remain for the service.
Highs sound horrible.
Every high has to be bigger and better than the last one.
Every high is followed by a low and every high is preceded by a low.
More highs are possible.
Highbush blackberry has abundant red stipitate glands.
Highbush blueberries are distantly related to cranberries and azaleas.
Highbush blueberries are hardy in central and southern Iowa.
Highbush blueberries fit nicely into small-scale farming.
Highbush blueberries grow quite well in the northern third of the state.
Highbush blueberry is one of the most agriculturally important blueberries of North America.
Highbush blueberry varieties all bloom about the same time.
Some highbush blueberries have very high levels of anthocyanin and some less.
A highbush cranberry is a bush
Highbush cranberry is distributed throughout Alaska and across Canada to Newfoundland.
Highbush cultivars have to be hand harvested.
All highbush cultivars appear to be susceptible to the mummy berry phase to some degree.
Highbush varieties are generally more self-fruitful and have very high chilling requirements.
Higher ability can explain the process in their own words.
Higher abstractions give meaning to experience.
Higher accuracy is achieved when spine weights are matched to the bow.
Higher accuracy is possible since there is no requirement for high precision current mirrors.
Higher accuracy means less code repair re-work, shorter testing cycles and greatly reduced costs.
Higher accuracy means they'll get better products into the hands of remodelers and their clients.
Higher accuracy takes longer, of course.
Higher achievers concentrate on speed and fluency.
Higher acidity increases their ability to be dissolved from sediments.
Higher action gives better sustain and ring to the notes.
Higher altitude creates a decreased tolerance for alcohol.
Higher altitudes affect most people to some degree.
Higher altitudes appear to reduce the time it takes to burn.
Higher altitudes are pleasantly warm over summer, but the mountains are rain and mist-prone.
Higher altitudes enjoy cooler conditions.
Higher altitudes increase the chance of poor combustion.
Higher altitudes offer more potential for spray drift.
Higher altitudes tend to have lower insect populations, and hence less risk of insect bites.
Higher amounts are available for certain types of loans and businesses.
Higher amounts can cause irritation of the lungs and wheezing.
Higher amounts give more rapid root colonization.
Higher amounts risk digestive problems such as acidosis.
Higher amps means more money down the drain, Lower amps means saving more money.
Higher amperage means higher step.
Higher angles produce stronger tools and broader cuts and are recommended for harder materials.
Higher animals can feel love, pride, curiosity, and triumph.
Higher animals can, pretty much, eat the stuff, but it kills insects.
Higher animals have self-centred impulses, to get food, to avoid danger, to reproduce.
Higher animals have specific organs of excretion, such as the lungs and kidneys.
Higher animals have their bones on the inside, but arthropods have their skeleton on the outside.
Higher animals use lungs for breathing.
Higher animals warn one another of danger.
All higher animals have a true coelom, a body cavity formed from within the mesoderm tissue layer.
All higher animals seek it deliberately.
Most higher animals are capable of using light to image their surroundings.
Higher appeals are only in the written form.
Higher appraisals mean higher tax bills for building owners, who can pass the cost on to tenants.
Higher authorities assume leadership for many schools.
Higher authority is defined as any individual with line authority over the payee on a document.
Higher availability requires increasingly complex systems.
Higher awards are available to companies paying very high wages.
Higher balances earn correspondingly higher rates.
Higher balances earn even higher rates of interest.
Higher balances earn higher interest.
Higher balances earn higher rates of interest.
Higher balances earn higher rates.
Higher balances qualify for higher yields.
Higher bandwidth can also facilitate always on connection to the Internet.
Higher bandwidth increases the quality of the images transmitted.
Higher bandwidth is available upon special request in certain countries.
Higher bandwidth is obviously desirable, if possible.
Higher bandwidth means higher throughput - and, in turn, higher quality internet experiences.
Higher bandwidth translates into faster transmission of data back and forth.
Higher bandwidths improve video quality.
Higher Beings direct the intricate placing of quartz crystals, gem stones and other healing stones.
Higher belts help lower belts, and teaching is part of the learning experience.
Higher benefits are available at minimal cost.
Higher betas represent riskier investments.
Higher bevels are more suitable for knives that are designed for smoother cutting.
Higher bidders are more likely to get the quantities they've asked for.
Higher bidders get preferred placement.
Higher bidders get the quantities they've asked for.
Most higher bidders welcome such an email.
Higher bills is likely to have slowed the housing market and consumer spending.
Higher branches are typically thinner, smoother, and less stable.
Higher buildings are better than lower ones.
Higher button means greater skill.
Higher cadences are also less stressful.
Higher capacitance means lower frequency and vice-versa.
Higher capacities are desirable.
Higher capacities are extremely difficult to find.
Higher capacities require a forgiving write or read drive.
Higher capacity bearings for longer life at higher loads.
Higher capacity is possible in the same area cost premium.
Higher capacity provides longer filter life and better performance.
Higher capitalization is reflected in higher government licence fees.
Higher capitalization requires higher government fees.
Higher carats are more suitable for occasional wear.
Higher carbonation is appropriate.
Higher categories are all more or less a matter of opinion.
Higher categories provide vital support for special projects and programs.
Higher categories receive additional benefits.
Higher category cabins on upper decks have windows, others have portholes.
Higher ceilings allow greater temperature variation between floor and ceiling.
Higher ceilings apply for properties in Alaska, Hawaii, Guam and the Virgin Islands.
Higher ceilings can give the feeling of more volume even in smaller homes.
Higher ceilings look great in a richer palette of colours.
Higher cells incorporate an ancient chromosome.
Higher charges apply to non-members.
Higher charges do apply for preparing a cross-tested plan.
Higher charges have no effect on loan demands from the less credit- worthy borrowers.
Higher clarity is obtained in the filtration process by the proper use of chemical pre-treatment.
Higher classes get lower premiums.
Higher classes have more chance of causing erosion.
Higher classifications are also possible.
Higher classifications are used to group less-closely related organisms.
Higher clouds have progressive lower temperatures.
Higher clouds indicate both dryness of air and higher atmospheric pressure.
Higher cohesiveness is associated with increased conformity to group norms.
Higher compression means a harder ball.
Higher compression means better economy.
Higher compression reduces the file size but also decreases image quality.
Higher concentration raises welfare as a consequence of coordination economies.
Higher concentrations appear in the vegetative parts than in the reproductive parts of the plant.
Higher concentrations appear to be more effective in promoting hair growth.
Higher concentrations are available from physicians.
Higher concentrations are dangerous even for a short time.
Higher concentrations can cause a laxative affect and produce a bitter taste.
Higher concentrations can cause burns, pulmonary edema and death.
Higher concentrations can cause dizziness, headaches and fatigue.
Higher concentrations can cause increased heart rate, pulse pressure and blood pressure.
Higher concentrations can cause nausea and headaches.
Higher concentrations can cause the lungs to fill with fluid, resulting in death.
Higher concentrations can cause vomiting, convulsions, coma, and death.
Higher concentrations can occur when conditions are favorable.
Higher concentrations can produce central nervous system depression, narcosis, and unconsciousness.
Higher concentrations can result in toxicity.
Higher concentrations can result in unconsciousness, respiratory paralysis, and death.
Higher concentrations carry a risk of active sensitisation.
Higher concentrations cause malformations in the seedlings.
Higher concentrations cause rapid circulatory in- sufficiency leading to a coma and death.
Higher concentrations contribute to longer shelf life.
Higher concentrations decrease gastric emptying c.
Higher concentrations give better results against the intestinal species.
Higher concentrations give no added protection.
Higher concentrations is dangerous owing to the liability of ventricular fibrillation.
Higher concentrations mean faster reactions.
Higher concentrations mean more reactions between molecules for faster reactions.
Higher concentrations represent luxury consumption.
Higher concentrations tell cancer cells to kill themselves.
Higher confidence equals higher price.
Higher consciousness is awareness at the source of our thinking, feeling, and acting.
Higher consciousness is found through an increase in consciousness.
Higher consciousness is that dynamic awareness which enables ordinary consciousness.
Higher continuity is associated with a higher level of trust between a patient and a physician.
Higher contrast give the extremely fine detail more clarity and sharper edges.
Higher contrast is achieved by moving the mouse vertically away from the center.
Higher contrast makes the printed content more legible.
Higher contrasts compress the colormap, while lower contrasts expand it.
Higher contributions are most welcome.
Higher cost includes board.
Higher costs appear to have had a negative impact on gas demand.
Higher costs are because of better starting skills.
Higher costs attract builders who cut corners.
Higher costs bring increased controls by payers.
Higher costs can add up quickely.
Higher costs create a real dilemma for Florida businesses, especially small business.
Higher costs hurt business and further strain employee-employer relationships.
Higher costs mean higher utility rates.
Higher costs means lower smoking.
Higher costs reduce the resources available to pay back creditors.
Higher counts are abnormal.
Higher counts indicate the possibility of acute cholecystitis or infected bile.
Higher counts suggest problems with cleaning, sanitizing or milking wet cows.
Higher courts deal with more complicated civil cases.
Higher courts sit to ensure that judges apply the law correctly.
Higher coverage is also available with our family plan.
Higher coverage is also available.
All higher creatures possess heads in which they carry their main sensory organs and their brain.
Higher credits are to be securitised according to availability of securities.
Higher crime translates into higher costs, higher prices and higher taxes.
Higher crimps yield a thicker, rougher feel which is less pleasing to the touch.
Higher criticism does away with miracles and the supernatural happenings mentioned in the Bible.
Higher criticism is cultic, utterly groundless speculation.
Higher criticism is textual criticism
Higher crop needs favor high nutrient manure.
Higher Cruise Speeds Often with surface drives, the notion of cruise speed is forgotten.
Higher crystallization means higher carbon burial and less recycling.
Higher currents can result in electrical burns where tissue is destroyed.
Higher currents can use larger included angles.
Higher currents cause the filament of the bulb to get hotter and to emit more light.
Higher currents produce a brighter discharge but increase the danger of electrocution.
Higher currents produce higher deposition rates.
Higher currents require larger, thicker pins.
Higher curves are better.
Higher cuts mean better ankle buttressing.
Higher deductibles are available to reduce policy premiums.
Higher deductibles are available with company approval.
Higher deductibles are available.
Higher Deductibles equal lower premiums.
Higher deductibles mean lower premiums.
Higher deductibles result in lower premiums.
Higher deductibles yield lower premiums.
Higher defects can result in complete paralysis of the legs.
Higher degrees are essential in pharmaceuticals, for instance.
All higher degrees are open to graduates of other approved universities.
Most higher degrees have a research or project component.
Higher demand drives higher prices.
Higher demand is only half the equation.
Higher demand makes both the price and the quantity sold go up.
Higher densities are also cheaper to build.
Higher densities are available upon special order.
Higher densities can make antibiotic selection less effective.
Higher densities means higher performance as well as higher capacity, by the way.
Higher density affects the look of the carpet and improves resistance to crushing and matting.
Higher density gives better sound reduction.
Higher density offers more space in the rack for other important subsystems, such as disk arrays.
Higher density produces too many overcrowded rhizomes which reduces shoot quality.
Higher density shows a larger foor print.
Higher diffusion increases the reflections resulting in a heavier sound.
Higher dilutions follow the same pattern.
Higher dilutions provide lower contrast, finer grain, less dilution gives greater contrast.
Higher discharges carry more energy and accelerate channel erosion and instability.
Higher discount are slightly suspicious, and can hide previous mark-ups, large and small.
Higher discounts apply to larger quantities.
Higher discounts are available for larger volume purchases.
Higher discounts are available to volume purchases.
Higher divisions require more practice and skill development.
Higher doses are necessary for sicker patients.
Higher doses are toxic.
Higher doses can cause resporatory arrest.
Higher doses can impair judgement, cause paralysis or coma and death.
Higher doses can lead to muscle weakness, visual impairment, dizziness and drying of the skin.
Higher doses cause impairment of memory, judgement and co-ordination, irritability, and paranoia.
Higher doses give better palliation but require prolonged treatment.
Higher doses have a sedative effect.
Higher doses intensify the effects.
Higher doses lead to stiffness, muscle spasms, and rapid, irregular heartbeat.
Higher doses produce much more bleeding.
Higher doses produce respiratory depression.
Higher doses produces slurred speech, further loss of coordination, and convulsions.
Higher doses promote dopamine release too.
Much higher doses can get the arterioles to dilate however.
Higher dosages tend to be associated with higher rates of side effects.
Higher doses are better and are less likely to be encumbered by neutralizing antibodies.
Higher doses are more analgesic but can only be used for short durations.
Higher doses are more likely to cause adverse effects without producing further benefits.
Higher doses are necessary to provide a surgical plane of anesthesia.
Higher doses are poisonous.
Higher doses are toxic.
Higher doses are unlikely to benefit maintenance of bone mass.
Higher doses are usually well tolerated.
Higher doses can cause alcohol poisoning, coma and death.
Higher doses can cause coma, respiratory depression, and even death.
Higher doses can cause hallucinations.
Higher doses can cause respiratory arrest.
Higher doses can cause slurred speech, confusion, and difficulties walking.
Higher doses can cause tachycardia, dryness of the mouth, and decreased sweating.
Higher doses can impair judgement, cause paralysis or coma, and death.
Higher doses can produce euphoria or intoxication.
Higher doses can result in altered vision or blindness.
Higher doses can trigger a sharp rise in blood pressure and disrupt the rhythm of the heart.
Higher doses cause visual distortions and illusions.
Higher doses give no more benefits but they do have more side effects.
Higher doses given at inopportune stages of growth can result in bone deformation.
Higher doses have little additional effect, but tend to cause more side effects.
Higher doses have the potential to cause damage to the nervous and reproductive systems.
Higher doses intensify the effects.
Higher doses lead to higher effects.
Higher doses lead to stiffness, muscle spasms, and rapid, irregular heartbeat.
Higher doses make the herb stimulate testosterone production.
Higher doses produce a dreamy, carefree state characterized by distortions of time and space.
Higher doses produce more noticeable symptoms.
Higher doses produce nuerologic signs.
Higher doses reduce anxiety and make users feel good.
Higher doses result in cardiac irregularities, weakness, tremors, anxiety, and dyspnea.
Higher doses result in drug accumulation and significant toxicity.
Higher duration means higher interest rate sensitivity.
Higher durations signify greater volatility.
Higher edges ride up out of the water and grab less, which is great for river running.
Higher education becomes education lite .
Higher education becomes purposeful when it updates the plights and brings ideas to solutions.
Higher education becomes the lens through which to examine the development process historically.
Higher education being a very people-oriented business, most of the costs go into salaries.
Higher education benefits our economy in many ways.
Higher education brings to distance learning three critical characteristics.
Higher education broadens a person's understanding of life.
Higher education can be an exercise in high finance.
Higher education can be truly human.
Higher education can move forward without new dollars.
Higher education can play a role, provided it escapes the traps of Disneylandized edutainment.
Higher education can provide our children with the skills necessary to succeed.
Higher education can train people to be mote rational rather than superstitious.
Higher education carries a high price tag.
Higher education continues to evolve and re-configure.
Higher education continues to evolve.
Higher education covers many complex and interrelated facets.
Higher education depends on a fundamental commitment to access.
Higher education does return stakeholder value.
Higher education encompasses society.
Higher education exists to keep people thinking ahead.
Higher education expands opportunities.
Higher education faces a similar question.
Higher education has a choice.
Higher education has a dramatic impact on the future prosperity of our citizens and our state.
Higher education has a greater responsibility now than ever.
Higher education has a long history in Westminster.
Higher education has a positive spillover effect for all of society.
Higher education has an enormous stake in the 'product' of our elementary and secondary schools.
Higher education has an important and broad role to play in research on after school programs.
Higher education has broad social consequences and benefits.
Higher education has financial, organic and administrative autonomy, according to the law.
Higher education has high standards.
Higher education has many goals and missions, all of which are important.
Higher education has the research knowledge and resources a firm needs to compete effectively.
Higher education has to be able to teach people the concepts .
Higher education helps student develop independence.
Higher education includes college or university, trade school, military or certification programs.
Higher education includes junior colleges, four-year colleges, and universities.
Higher education involves academic work, certainly.
Higher education is a capital investment.
Higher education is a competitive field.
Higher education is a competitive marketplace for students, faculty, and administrative personnel.
Higher education is a cooperative community.
Higher education is a cost that many families deal with at least once.
Higher education is a cost that most families deal with at least once.
Higher education is a costly business.
Higher education is a fiercely competitive enterprise.
Higher education is a financially challenging experience.
Higher education is a goal of many parents, especially for their sons.
Higher education is a highly competitive environment.
Higher education is a highly personnel-intensive activity.
Higher education is a labor intensive business.
Higher education is a large and diverse market for information technology.
Higher education is a large market for information technology.
Higher education is a major industry in New York State.
Higher education is a major investment of money and time for parents and students.
Higher education is a microcosm of the dangers and the powerlessness, alike.
Higher education is a normal good.
Higher education is a people business.
Higher education is a place-based enterprise.
Higher education is a plus.
Higher education is a prerequisite for almost any good career path.
Higher education is a private good as well as a public benefit.
Higher education is a privilege and an asset.
Higher education is a privilege.
Higher education is a product.
Higher education is a promise Oregon has made to our children.
Higher education is a public good, creating enormous collective benefits to the nation.
Higher education is a sack of potatoes . . .
Higher education is a significant investment, and many parents pay some, or all, of the bill.
Higher education is a sound investment for achieving higher earnings.
Higher education is a source for cultural enlightenment and group activity.
Higher education is a strange system.
Higher education is a time of passage, of preparation and of growth.
Higher education is a tremendous asset for yet another reason.
Higher education is a tremendous marketing success story.
Higher education is a tremendous tapestry.
Higher education is a valuable investment.
Higher education is a very labor-intensive enterprise.
Higher education is a well-crafted system to maintain control.
Higher education is about more that just tests, textbooks, and classes.
Higher education is about the creation, application and transmission of knowledge.
Higher education is accessible for minorities and the poor.
Higher education is accused of reneging on the promise to deliver both access and quality.
Higher education is acheived through a number of higher institutions and universities.
Higher education is again a clear priority in Salem, thanks to political leadership decisions.
Higher education is already socially exclusive.
Higher education is also available but in a limited selection.
Higher education is also increasingly a creature of public policy.
Higher education is also on the breastfeeding bandwagon.
Higher education is among the domains that has received attention.
Higher education is among the limited number of special markets that the firm has elected to pursue.
Higher education is an ever-growing entity and things do keep changing, sometimes very rapidly.
Higher education is an important period for leadership development.
Higher education is an integral part of society.
Higher education is an international enterprise.
Higher education is an investment in human progress and prosperity.
Higher education is an investment in our future, and merits our full support.
Higher education is an investment in our future.
Higher education is an investment that pays off handsomely for everyone.
Higher education is an investment.
Higher education is as near as the city's four college campuses.
Higher education is available in Nevada County too.
Higher education is available only to legal immigrants.
Higher education is available, too.
Higher education is beyond the reach of most people due to their poor economic status.
Higher education is both in transition and under attack.
Higher education is both market competitive and relatively autonomous.
Higher education is by nature collegial and collaborative.
Higher education is campuses, lifelong learning, and human resources training.
Higher education is central to building a dynamic economy and an inclusive society.
Higher education is central to development, human progress and freedom.
Higher education is central to opportunity.
Higher education is central to the tremendous expansion of Asia.
Higher education is clearly important to achieving success in the labour market.
Higher education is confronted by four horsemen.
Higher education is considered the jewel of America's education system.
Higher education is crucial to getting a job in today's global job market.
Higher education is demanded througout the civilized world.
Higher education is different, but the same principles apply.
Higher education is education
Higher education IS education.
Higher education is education.
Higher education is either professional or academic.
Higher education is encouraged and an advantage.
Higher education is essential in order to train leaders of the future.
Higher education is expensive, despite the best efforts of many within the industry.
Higher education is expensive.
Higher education is extremely important.
Higher education is far too important for the Regents to leave the matter of quality unexamined.
Higher education is frowned upon.
Higher education is governed by four separate boards.
Higher education is heavily centralized and institutions receive unequal treatment.
Higher education is heavily involved in research, and research is dependent upon data.
Higher education is higher because it builds on what has been achieved.
Higher education is highly adept at finding new sources of revenue and keeping the juggernaut going.
Higher education is how nations develop their brainpower.
Higher education is important.
Higher education is in a time of rapid and profound change.
Higher education is in competition for scare dollars.
Higher education is in for a real roller coaster ride.
Higher education is in itself a significant regional industry.
Higher education is in the business of information and ideas.
Higher education is in the midst of a massive change at the moment.
Higher education is in the protracted process of reorienting to new organizational forms.
Higher education is in the rut of allowing students to fire professors through SET information.
Higher education is increasingly an international enterprise.
Higher education is indeed a privilege.
Higher education is key to success.
Higher education is key to the future.
Higher education is like the ABCs of the Texas economy.
Higher education is likely to be an asset.
Higher education is likely to be particularly hard hit.
Higher education is limited and many students go to universities in other European countries.
Higher education is limited to the elite and their offspring.
Higher education is looked upon more favorably than it was five years ago.
Higher education is more about the future and the expansion of knowledge.
Higher education is more important than ever as a ticket to economic security.
Higher education is more important today to ensuring a successful career than ever before.
Higher education is more than about sharpening our mind.
Higher education is no different than any recreation agency.
Higher education is no exception.
Higher education is no longer the birthplace of ideas.
Higher education is now a business.
Higher education is now a hot commodity in business circles.
Higher education is now a top priority.
Higher education is now common.
Higher education is now sales dependent . . . .
Higher education is now short on revenues but long on attracting criticism.
Higher education is now, more than ever, a competitive environment.
Higher education is obtained outside the country.
Higher education is obviously a major case in point.
Higher education is offered in universities, colleges, institutes, and vocational colleges.
Higher education is on a roller coaster between liberal education and technical training.
Higher education is one of New England's major industries.
Higher education is one of the greatest equalizers in American society.
Higher education is one of the important engines of economic life in Vermont.
Higher education is one of the strengths of the Delaware Valley.
Higher education is one of the United States' biggest commodities.
Higher education is one of the United States' largest multi-billion dollar industries.
Higher education is one of Vermont s largest industries.
Higher education is only one of the many forces that affect the lives of our students.
Higher education is our focus.
Higher education is perceived as too slow to respond to business needs.
Higher education is performed by universities, colleges, institutes and vocational colleges.
Higher education is possible for only a fraction of the literate population.
Higher education is practically a birthright in modern America.
Higher education is preached from the pulpit as if it is a requirement for salvation.
Higher education is provided by a number of public and private universities.
Higher education is provided by both public and private institutions.
Higher education is quite labor intensive.
Higher education is readily available, with many fine colleges and universities in the area.
Higher education is readily available.
Higher education is right in the neighborhood.
Higher education is simply naive to think it is immune.
Higher education is steeped in corruption.
Higher education is the business of improving and changing the world.
Higher education is the driving force behind California's economy.
Higher education is the fifth largest service sector export of the United States.
Higher education is the instrument for shaping and creating our future.
Higher education is the key to economic growth.
Higher education is the key to our community's and region's continued success.
Higher education is the most certain path from poverty to success.
Higher education is the premiere model for collegial competition.
Higher education is the single most important factor in producing a high degree of participation.
Higher education is the training camp for the haves.
Higher education is tied in with economic development, everything is related.
Higher education is to be free, but doled out according to the abilities of the individual.
Higher education is too compartmentalized .
Higher education is too expensive for most.
Higher education is under attack.
Higher education is under pressure from every direction.
Higher education is very important.
Higher education is viewed as a gateway to good jobs, respect and a middle class life style.
Higher education is viewed as an engine of economic development.
Higher education is viewed as far more than a state expenditure.
Higher education is weakened only at the cost of weakening the entire state.
Higher education is well ahead of the schools.
Higher education is well within the reach of everyone.
Higher education is what usually commands a higher pay level.
Higher education is within easy driving distance of most of the state population.
Higher education is, after all, a business.
Higher education is, however, an absolute necessity.
Higher education is, in general, notoriously difficult to evaluate.
Higher education lasts for four years or more.
Higher education leads women into executive positions.
Higher education makes it possible for women to enter into research.
Higher education needs a champion.
Higher education needs a fund accounting solution.
Higher education needs a radical overhaul.
Higher education needs an equitable share of the resources.
Higher education needs to educate more people, more effectively than it is doing currently.
Higher education needs to get involved.
Higher education needs to give teachers a strong knowledge base, so teachers know all the pieces.
Higher education needs to make a difference in peoples' lives.
Higher education offers an incredible opportunity.
Higher education offers low cost graduate credit courses based on the process.
Higher education offers other benefits.
Higher education opens a lot of doors.
Higher education opens doors.
Higher education ought to be improved.
Higher education plays a strong role in our community's fabric.
Higher education prepares students for social responsibility and economic competition in two ways.
Higher education proceeds only when one of several situations are in place.
Higher education provides a flow of new-trained graduates.
Higher education provides a wide range of individual, societal, and economic benefits.
Higher education provides academic training and administrative coordination.
Higher education provides many jobs in the area.
Higher education refers to courses that are higher than 'A' level.
Higher education relates to government on three levels.
Higher education remains incredibly sex segregated.
Higher education remains incredibly sex-segregated.
Higher education remains one of the few steadfast employers.
Higher education requires a major public investment now to ensure future economic health.
Higher education requires significant financial resources.
Higher education serves vital needs beyond preparing students for careers.
Higher education stimulates adults to participate in the learning process.
Higher education suffers particularly because the uses are frequently time-sensitive.
Higher education takes a similar approach.
Higher education tops the list because of the prevalence of tenure among faculty members.
Higher education trains the mind to feel good later by making it feel terrible now.
Higher education unlocks doors to economic and educational opportunities.
Higher education wins.
Higher education works to enable human beings to reach higher levels of development.
All higher education is provided in the form of courses.
Higher efficiencies mean fewer greenhouse gas emissions, including carbon dioxide.
Higher efficiencies mean higher gain, which translates to a smaller reflector.
Higher efficiencies mean that less fuel is used to produce each kilowatt-hour of electricity.
Higher efficiencies reduce greenhouse gases and lower the cost of generating electricity.
Higher efficiency is usually better, but it can get complicated.
Higher efficiency means less required amperage to run the unit.
Higher efficiency means lower filter leakage.
Higher efficiency means lower fuel bills and less pollution.
Higher efficiency means lower power consumption, longer battery life and smaller battery boxes.
Higher efficiency reduces fuel costs and emissions.
Higher efficiency requires greater investment, which in turn requires capital-encouraging policies.
Higher elevations are cooler and receive more moisture than lower environs.
Higher elevations are cooler with possible snow flurries.
Higher elevations are cooler with some snow.
Higher elevations are generally colder and wetter, while lower elevations are warmer and drier.
Higher elevations are higher above sea level.
Higher elevations are home to mule deer, elk, mountain lions, foxes and a wide variety of birds.
Higher elevations are in mountain shrub vegetation, with coniferous forest atop the highest areas.
Higher elevations are much colder and get a lot of snow.
Higher elevations are warm and wet during summer, and cold and wet during winter.
Higher elevations bring spruce and fir forests.
Higher elevations can contain a mixture of tropical and temperate flora and fauna.
Higher elevations can see low temperatures in the evenings - even during the summer months.
Higher elevations defy the normal latitudinal variations in precipitation due to orographic uplift .
Higher elevations experience greater cloud cover, relative humidity, and precipitation.
Higher elevations experience higher temperatures during the day because they are closer to the sun.
Higher elevations experience lower average temperatures during both day and night.
Higher elevations grow cottonwoods, cactuses, and pi on pine.
Higher elevations have a brighter signature and lower elevations a darker signature.
Higher elevations have a dry continental climate with cold winters and hot summers.
Higher elevations have lower population densities of orangutans, as tree diversity is much lower.
Higher elevations provide scenic vistas across impressive open ridges and gaps in the mountains.
Higher elevations reach above the forests, where gladioli and heather grow.
Higher elevations receive considerable amounts of snow and the summers are much cooler.
Higher elevations receive lots of snow, but the valley tends to get far less.
Higher energies are accessible closer to the horizon, however.
Higher energies are available with the same electric field.
Higher energies correspond to shorter wavelengths.
Higher energy allows higher mass particles to be produced.
Higher energy allows resolution of smaller structures.
Higher energy is CORE inflation as it affects directly our civilization.
Higher enrollments equal more state aid.
Higher entropy indicates a stronger level of obfuscation of data.
Higher estimates mean more significant population decline as a result of epidemic disease.
Higher evolution goes with high tech, and Teilhardian dreams are there.
Higher expectation leads to higher achievement.
Higher expectations are good for teachers and students alike.
Higher expectations breeds higher achievement.
Higher expectations bring an improvement in status.
Higher expectations drive higher achievement.
Higher expectations lead to higher results.
Higher expectations lift all children.
Higher expectations promote higher results.
Higher expectations reap higher rewards.
Higher expectations result in high achievements.
Higher expectations yield higher results.
Higher exports help pay for goods and services that are more cheaply produced abroad.
Higher exposure can lead to septic shock and death if left untreated.
Higher exposure equates to higher credibility.
Higher exposures can cause coughing, labored breathing, unconsciousness and death.
Higher exposures can result in aggressiveness, loss of consciousness, and death.
Higher fares apply during the current travel period.
Higher fares apply for access to outer zones.
Higher fares apply for other days and times.
Higher fares apply for other days of the week.
Higher fares apply to longer vehicles.
Higher fares apply.
Higher fat makes it especially useful in larger psiltacine species.
Higher fees apply to international students.
Higher fees are negotiable.
Higher fees are payable for filming and helicopter landing permits.
Higher fees tend to limit attendance.
Higher fences discourage fighting across the fence and discourage attempts at jumping out.
Higher fertility is obtained from breeding at the second estrus.
Higher fidelity requires faster data rates.
Higher fields are possible.
Higher fields permit more effective plasma compression by the rotating field technique.
Higher figure reflects choice of unlimited meal plan.
Higher figures mean worse connections.
Higher figures yield brighter images.
Higher fines are in effect for overdue recalled items.
Higher fines yield per horse power.
Higher floors are breezy.
Higher floors gives an impression of top of the world living with panoramic view of city.
Higher floors have fantastic panoramic green tree and city views.
Higher floors have lovely semi-circular balconies but no maid's room.
Higher floors have panoramic sea views.
Higher floors have river fronting views.
Higher flows are typically mid to late afternoon.
Higher flows can be great in a driftboat.
Higher flows can damage the meter.
Higher flows require a float tube or boat.
Higher flows result from spill or floodgate release.
Higher flows wash out most features, and the run becomes a fast flush.
Higher fluctuations can cause excessive heat and occasionally damage.
Higher forces produce greater strengthening.
Higher frequencies are absorbed at a greater rate than lower frequencies.
Higher frequencies are also the first to recover after a storm.
Higher frequencies are at the bottom of the figure, lower frequencies at the top.
Higher frequencies are better, as they reduce flicker.
Higher frequencies are detectable as best focus is approached.
Higher frequencies are less affected.
Higher frequencies are potentially better.
Higher frequencies continue to be researched but unavailable on the present machines.
Higher frequencies correspond to a thinner skin and a higher loss.
Higher frequencies correspond to core, low to edge of plasma.
Higher frequencies correspond to features of smaller angular extent.
Higher frequencies correspond to harmonics of the fundamental frequencies.
Higher frequencies give rise to higher resolution.
Higher frequencies have a shorter wavelength.
Higher frequencies have shorter wavelengths, and lower frequencies have longer wavelengths.
Higher frequencies have shorter wavelengths.
Higher frequencies have some advantages over lower frequencies, but also suffer some drawbacks.
Higher frequencies look bluer and lower frequencies look redder.
Higher frequencies makes the tramway-operated railway lines more attractive.
Higher frequencies produce smaller drops.
Higher frequencies produce the best playback sound.
Higher frequencies provide better connections and the voice communications are generally clearer .
Higher frequencies provide better connections and the voice communications are generally clearer.
Higher frequencies remain useful long after the sun has set.
Higher frequencies result in higher pitched notes and vice-versa.
Higher frequencies shorten the test time.
Higher frequencies stress the system to bring out subtle abnormalities.
Higher frequencies suffer a greater amount of attenuation.
Higher frequencies takes up a lot of the processor cycles.
Higher frequencies tend to migrate to the outside of the wire.
Higher frequencies translate to shorter wavelengths.
Higher frequency means higher costs.
Higher fungi are almost unique in their ability to decay the chemical components of timber.
Higher gains are possible.
Higher goals require an increase of knowledge.
Higher grades are possible, based on class score distribution.
Higher grades can use strangles.
Higher grades have a worse prognosis.
Higher grades have more large clear area than lower grades.
Higher gradients resulting from arithmetic rounding are also permissible.
Higher grass blades crowd out weed seedlings.
Higher grits produce a more finished, reflective surface.
Higher ground extends eastward from the Rockies between the river valleys.
Higher ground has cottonwood, red maple, red oak, and alder.
Higher ground is on the south side in the cornfield.
Higher ground is used for grazing sheep.
Higher ground provides bonuses to attacking damage, and firing and sight range.
Higher hardness provides greater load carrying capacity.
Higher harmonics are the other resonant frequencies.
Higher harmonics are, of course, possible.
Higher harmonics divide the string in fourths, fifths, and so forth.
Higher heat means mole uses move after and collide more meaning more reactions occur.
Higher heat overcooks the proteins, leaving the egg white tough and rubbery.
Higher heels are no longer as popular as they used to be.
Higher holdout means a sharper dot and increased ink gloss.
Higher homogeneity is achieved using second order superconducting shim coils.
Higher horsepower maintains consistent productivity over various road grades.
Higher humidity encourages the growth of white rind, and blue cheese mold.
Higher humidity is needed than for leopard geckos.
Higher humidity is needed when propagating plants at warmer temperatures.
Higher humidity promotes root growth and bulb decay.
Higher humidity seems to aid germination success.
Higher humor is based on relief of distress through true adaptation or learning.
Higher illumination allows older workers to be more productive.
Higher impact means greater distinction.
Higher incidence occurs in populations of European descent.
Higher income allows higher levels of saving.
Higher income has a larger negative effect in summer months than in the winter.
Higher income increases the number of years children attend school by only one-fifth of a year.
Higher income is possible, based on performance.
Higher income is relative.
Higher income leads to selection of more leisure and less work.
Higher income means a higher tax rate.
Higher income means more property taxes, better schools and so on.
Higher income reflects gain on the sale of securities.
Higher incomes allow access to medical care, better housing and safer neighborhoods.
Higher incomes depend on higher skills.
Higher incomes mean good food, warm houses, and hot water.
Higher incomes reduce the demand for inferior goods.
Higher incomes translate into greater opportunities for U.S. export growth.
Higher indexes indicate housing is more affordable.
Higher indices correspond to higher MUFs.
Higher indices indicate poorer living conditions.
Higher inflation is associated with a growing economy.
Higher inflation limits new investment, leading to layoffs.
Higher inflation tends to place upward pressure on interest rates.
Much higher Inflation is around the corner.
Higher intakes can be hazardous, however.
Higher intelligence equals more mana.
Higher intensities develop power, and exercise the body s carbohydrate burning metabolism.
Higher intensities increase the threat of lactic acid accumulation.
Higher intensity develops more speed and anaerobic fitness.
Higher intensity sounds cause the same damage in less time than lower intensity sounds.
Higher interest equals higher sales percentage.
Higher interest is generated when children participate in typical preschool activities.
Every higher interpretation belongs to a higher turn in evolution's spiral.
Higher inventory indicates deposition and lower inventory indicates erosion.
Higher investment leads to more and higher-paying jobs both at home and abroad.
Higher investment raises profitability, which causes stock prices to rise.
Higher items determine available choices lower in the page.
Higher jackpots mean more ticket sales and less chances of winning .
Higher jumps mean more time for better tricks.
Higher lag means slower online gameplay.
Higher lamps halide sellers, of online worldwide is metal by for.
Higher latitudes receive less heat, are cold and dry resulting in particular biomes.
Higher layer assume correctness of lower layers.
Higher layers communicate with higher layers indirectly through the lower layers.
Higher letters are nicer.
Higher level analyses.
Higher level thinking on daily work, both in and out of class, is necessary for success.
Higher levels accompany further study of the literature and culture of the countries concerned.
Higher levels add functionality on top of what lower levels provide.
Higher levels add to the number of possible answers and select from a wider group of questions.
Higher levels affect the nervous system and brain, and can cause anemia, lead colic and even death.
Higher levels are available, and lower fees are offered to additional family members.
Higher levels are better for salt replacement, but tend to be less palatable.
Higher levels are better for strengthening bones.
Higher levels are high levels.
Higher levels are in red, lower levels are in purple.
Higher levels are inclusive of lower levels.
Higher levels are more challenging because there are more colors to choose from.
Higher levels are more verbose.
Higher levels are normal in young children.
Higher levels are uncomfortable.
Higher levels can cause convulsions and death.
Higher levels can cause convulsions, coma, and even death.
Higher levels can cause one to feel dizzy, lightheaded, and to pass out.
Higher levels can cause paralysis, impaired judgment, coma, and death if left untreated.
Higher levels can cause shock, convulsions, coma, and death.
Higher levels can cause unconsciousness, irregular heartbeat and death.
Higher levels can include unconsciousness and death.
Higher levels can lead to coma and death.
Higher levels can lead to dizziness and confusion and eventually to unconsciousness or death.
Higher levels can mandate some of the incentives.
Higher levels can negatively affect pregnant women, infants, and nursing mothers.
Higher levels can produce severe headaches, dizziness, mental confusion, nausea and fainting.
Higher levels can result in serious medical problems.
Higher levels can result in unconsciousness or death.
Higher levels can transmit lower level action.
Higher levels cause fainting upon exertion, marked confusion and collapse.
Higher levels cause paralysis, impaired judgment, coma, and death if left untreated.
Higher levels cause young plant tissues to dry out and die.
Higher levels gain more battle strengths and abilities.
Higher levels get much more difficult.
Higher levels have fewer number typically.
Higher levels have more balls on the screen.
Higher levels have more, and faster missiles.
Higher levels increase the pace and flash words in four boxes.
Higher levels indicate greater precision in detection.
Higher levels indicate that the water has been contaminated.
Higher levels make conditions even more favorable.
Higher levels make it fizz and hiss but the relation to the chord is still audible.
Higher Levels mean different things for each class.
Higher levels predict a worse prognosis for the patient.
Higher levels produce headaches, drowsiness, loss of consciousness and possible death.
Higher levels produce more output.
Higher levels provide more difficult words.
Higher levels reflect increased responsibilities and specialised knowledge required for positions.
Higher levels require a bit of acting.
Higher levels require more frequent evaluation and follow-up.
Higher levels require more frequent evaluation.
Higher levels require more indirect techniques and a clearly understood intent.
Higher levels score higher values.
All higher levels are consumers.
All higher levels use the same size tiles.
All higher life kills to live, and all are eaten on the great recycling food chain.
Higher likelihood is better.
Higher limits apply for larger households.
Higher limits are also available.
Higher limits are at additional cost.
Higher limits are available and recommended.
Higher limits are available as an option.
Higher limits are available by endorsement.
Higher limits are available by request.
Higher limits are available for both.
Higher limits are available from other markets.
Higher limits are available if necessary.
Higher limits are available if required.
Higher limits are available on an underwritten basis for real estate firms domiciled in Idaho.
Higher limits are available on selected coverages at additional cost.
Higher limits are available upon request.
Higher limits are available.
Higher limits are possible regarding cash transactions.
Higher limits are possible.
Higher limits are readily available in the market and are usually purchased.
Higher limits are readily available.
Higher limits reflect higher care costs.
Higher lines indicate schedules which have been more profitable to date.
Higher liners are available on request.
Higher loads are also possible depending on CPU performance.
Higher loans require some down payment.
Higher loss reflects a less profitable sales mix.
Higher loss reflects a slowdown in the overall economy and increased interest expenses.
Higher loss reflects an increase in cost of scanning and management fees.
Higher loss reflects an increase in engineering salaries and higher prototype expenses.
Higher loss reflects an increase in restructuring costs.
Higher loss reflects an increase in salaries and other personnel-related expenses.
Higher loss reflects an increase in the marketing staff and the addition of technical personnel.
Higher loss reflects clinical trial expenses.
Higher loss reflects costs associated with acquisitions and product launch costs.
Higher loss reflects costs of additional employees and higher promotional expenses.
Higher loss reflects costs related to the spin-off.
Higher loss reflects higher connection costs.
Higher loss reflects higher costs for the escalation of pre-commercialization activities.
Higher loss reflects higher customer acquisition and handset upgrade costs.
Higher loss reflects higher legal and personnel costs.
Higher loss reflects higher operating and restructuring expenses.
Higher loss reflects higher research and development costs.
Higher loss reflects higher sales and marketing costs.
Higher loss reflects increased amortization costs.
Higher loss reflects increased amortization of intangibles.
Higher loss reflects increased amortization, restructuring and integration costs.
Higher loss reflects increased asset impairment charges.
Higher loss reflects increased cost of energy and the addition of staff and infrastructure.
Higher loss reflects increased depreciation and European shut-down expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased depreciation expenses and a significant increase in material costs.
Higher loss reflects increased employee expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased funding of several fuel metering and fuel storage component projects.
Higher loss reflects increased infrastructure, personnel and depreciation expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased marketing, administrative, and technology expenditures.
Higher loss reflects increased number of employees and higher R and D expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased operating expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased personnel and facilities expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased personnel and investor relations expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased personnel expenses and professional fees.
Higher loss reflects increased personnel, facilities and marketing expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased rates charged by subcontractors.
Higher loss reflects increased research and development expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased salaries and other personnel related expenses.
Higher loss reflects increased staffing levels and activity in the cannabinoid program.
Higher loss reflects lower margins and an increase in the loss of equity in affiliates.
Higher loss reflects the consolidation of some manufacturing facilities.
Higher loss reflects the expenses related to the amortization of excess reorganization value.
Higher loss reflects the impairment of certain non-revenue generating assets.
Higher loss reflects the inclusion of imputed interest charges.
Higher loss reflects the write off of goodwill and capitalized software.
Higher losses reflect the inclusion of preferred dividends.
Much higher losses are possible with all systems under fair or poor conditions.
Higher lows are the first sign that the downtrend is ending.
Higher lubricity can contribute to a longer engine life.
Higher magnification brings out the pale round disk, which appears featureless.
Higher magnification darkens the sky background, allowing fainter stars to be observed.
Higher magnification decreases field of view making locating objects difficult.
Higher magnification demonstrates numerous venules in a thickened papillary dermis.
Higher magnification indicates the uniformity and lack of atypism of the epithelial cells.
Higher magnification reveals apocrine metaplastic cells.
Higher magnification reveals eosinophils are prominent.
Higher magnification reveals fat lobules surrounded by pyogranulomatous inflammation.
Higher magnification reveals the acantholytic dyskeratosis to better advantage.
Higher magnification shows hyperchromatic crowded cell clusters.
Higher magnification shows metaplastic cells with slight nuclear enlargement.
Higher magnification shows some spherical aberration.
Higher magnification shows trace fossils details.
Higher magnifications are possible.
Higher magnifications provide only dim, fuzzy images.
Higher magnifications work properly.
Higher magnitudes are fainter objects, lower magnitudes are brighter objects.
Higher maintenance means higher annual costs.
Higher margins derived from scarcity are what too-literal use of automation eliminates.
Higher margins mean more profit.
Higher mass stars deplete their cores much more quickly.
Higher math is the most useless subject taught in schools.
Higher measurements indicate large frame.
Higher memory enables greater amounts of color at higher resolutions.
Higher metabolism means that the body parts work harder.
Higher mind is always aware of the inherent divinity.
Higher mobility means higher photoconductivity and, hence, better detectivity.
Higher modes differ.
Higher moisture requires aeration by forced air or turning.
Higher moments have no incremental significance.
Higher mortality remains a plausible explanation, but societal pressure also plays a role.
Higher nitrogen seems to benefit some life stages of some species, as do the microbes.
Higher notes are actually faster frequencies.
Higher number equals slower scroll.
Higher number gives a sharper, smaller area of specular reflection on a convex surface.
Higher number is better.
Higher number is faster.
Higher number is slower and more elastic.
Higher number means better performance.
Higher number means higher quality and larger file.
Higher number means more credit.
Higher number pushes the buttons to the left.
Higher numbers allow more automatic inlining.
Higher numbers are always better.
Higher numbers are available to general users.
Higher numbers are best.
Higher numbers are better from the standpoint of our set of coordination mechanisms.
Higher numbers are better here.
Higher numbers are better than lower.
Higher numbers are better, since they represent more dramatic contrast.
Higher numbers are better.
Higher numbers are darker.
Higher numbers are faster.
Higher numbers are fuzzier.
Higher numbers are larger font size.
Higher numbers are lighter colors.
Higher numbers are louder, higher, and faster.
Higher numbers are more alkaline, lower numbers more acidic.
Higher numbers are more efficient.
Higher numbers are present in the interior of Yemen .
Higher numbers are worse.
Higher numbers can create a control lag effect in some games.
Higher numbers come from more extreme recorded patterns.
Higher numbers correspond to greater priority.
Higher numbers define multiple traces, slightly offset, for the curve.
Higher numbers equal higher quality.
Higher numbers equate with higher packing density and increased capacity.
Higher numbers give better quality, but create bigger files.
Higher numbers give more details.
Higher numbers give more verbose output.
Higher numbers go longer.
Higher numbers have higher priorities.
Higher numbers have higher priority.
Higher numbers imply stabler conditions.
Higher numbers increase the size of the margins.
Higher numbers increase the space between letters, lower numbers decrease it.
Higher numbers indicate a deteriorating debt condition.
Higher numbers indicate a greater preference for a third party.
Higher numbers indicate a low change, lower numbers indicate a relatively large change.
Higher numbers indicate better dispersion.
Higher numbers indicate better performance.
Higher numbers indicate better sound insulation performance.
Higher numbers indicate bluer light, lower numbers indicate a warmer light.
Higher numbers indicate greater severity.
Higher numbers indicate harder material.
Higher numbers indicate higher throughput.
Higher numbers indicate later revisions.
Higher numbers indicate more dominant Spiritual gifts.
Higher numbers indicate more odorous air.
Higher numbers indicate more positive emotions.
Higher numbers indicate more power.
Higher numbers indicate more protection.
Higher numbers indicate more severe hazards.
Higher numbers indicate relatively better insulation.
Higher numbers indicate relatively more conservative opinions.
Higher numbers indicate relatively more warmth of feeling.
Higher numbers indicate that a person is more disgust sensitive than average.
Higher numbers indicate that more pieces of information have been retrieved.
Higher numbers indicate the best results.
Higher numbers indicate the material is less toxic.
Higher numbers make it harder.
Higher numbers make sense on some systems.
Higher numbers make the prospect of exploration in the refuge more attractive.
Higher numbers mean a greater risk of harm.
Higher numbers mean brighter pixels.
Higher numbers mean faster speed.
Higher numbers mean greater performance.
Higher numbers mean higher precedence.
Higher numbers mean higher priority.
Higher numbers mean higher speed.
Higher numbers mean higher susceptibility to erosion.
Higher numbers mean less corrosion resistance, but more ability to hold a sharp edge during use.
Higher numbers mean less resistance and better air flow.
Higher numbers mean lower priorities.
Higher numbers mean more citizenship behaviors.
Higher numbers mean more commitment.
Higher numbers mean more firefighting power.
Higher numbers mean more heat can penetrate.
Higher numbers mean more heat loss.
Higher numbers mean more satisfaction.
Higher numbers mean more solar wind is reaching the earth.
Higher numbers mean more stress.
Higher numbers mean that the problem is with the impeller shape or adjustment.
Higher numbers mean the airway is more open and lower numbers mean it is more closed or tight.
Higher numbers print out more information.
Higher numbers produce more messages.
Higher numbers provide stronger bold.
Higher numbers reflect an increased potential to harm users.
Higher numbers reflect higher levels of stress.
Higher numbers represent better colorfastness performance.
Higher numbers represent higher growth and lower numbers represent lower growth.
Higher numbers represent higher relative risk.
Higher numbers represent more bang for the buck.
Higher numbers represent smaller seed that are more likely during drought.
Higher numbers represent thicker material.
Higher numbers result in lower quality lighting but can speed up the testing process.
Higher numbers scroll slower.
Higher numbers signify a greater difference, which is better.
Higher numbers signify better performance.
Higher numbers suggest darker color and heavier flavor.
Higher numbers use more system resources, but usually perform better.
Higher octane slows combustion, avoids knocking.
Higher octaves create more jagged or fuzzy turbulence and takes longer to compute.
All higher offers are to be summarily rejected.
Higher oil means higher energy content, making it a more efficient feed source.
Higher ones are likely to be zeroes and overall compression is improved.
Higher order comes from new combinations of old genetic material.
Higher order constructs.
Higher organisms are eukaryotes in contrast to bacteria and phages, which are prokaryotes.
Higher organisms carry their DNA around in discrete packages inside cell nuclei.
Most higher organisms are tripoblastic and have a coelom, a body cavity surrounded by mesoderm.
Higher pathways differ in different species.
Higher pay causes a ripple effect throughout a community, just like a rising tide raises all boats.
Higher pay comes with promotion to workroom supervisor.
Higher pay is often synonymous with higher age.
Higher pay is possible through longevity, promotions, bonuses, tax advantages, and other benefits.
Higher pay is required to induce people to train for more difficult jobs.
Higher peaks indicate louder sounds.
Higher pedestal allows for mounting of dealer optional instrumentation.
Higher penalties apply to failures due to an intentional disregard of the reporting rules. .
Higher penalties apply to possession of substances containing cocaine base.
Higher percentage indicates the thinking freedom inherent in developing directions for the future.
Higher percentage reflects a high degree of constructive analysis of a complex and technical nature.
Higher percentage reflects the innovative solutions to existing problems.
Higher percentage reflects the tendency of the thinking challenge to be pathfinding.
Higher percentage reflects the variety and complexity of the issues addressed.
Higher percentages are available for particularly desirable projects and for expansion loans.
Higher percentages are better.
Higher percentages are possible with high product margins.
Higher percentages can yield more favorable responses from philanthropic organizations.
Higher percentages hurt profitability.
Higher percentages indicate a larger or taller child.
Higher percentages mean greater amounts of nutrients.
Higher percentiles indicate relatively more pessimism, while lower percentiles suggest optimism.
Higher performance brings higher expectations.
Higher performance is one reason.
Higher performance means improved enjoyment.
Higher performance varies on line conditions and distance from the switch.
Higher perfusion is seen in the gravity dependent regions of the supine lung.
Higher pitch corresponds to a blue frequency shift.
Higher pitch means closer obstacle.
Higher pitches are higher frequency sounds.
Higher pitches have higher frequencies.
Higher pitches lead to less maneuverable but faster flying.
Higher pitches tend to trigger tension while lower ones can promote a relaxed feeling.
Higher placement is also possible.
Higher plans are available.
Higher plants are like a symbiosis of cellular organelles of apparently ancient prokaryotic origin.
Higher plants complete their life history by passing through two stages.
Higher plants contain the necessary far-chain desaturases.
Higher plants develop prolific root systems by producing new roots that originate in older roots.
Higher plants differ characteristically in their capacity to take up silicon.
Higher plants eliminate gases through the stomata , or pores, on the surface of leaves.
Higher plants eliminate gases through the stomata on the surface of leaves .
Higher plants eliminate gases through the stomata on the surface of leaves.
Higher plants form only meiospores that develop in tetrads from archesporial cells in the sporangia.
Higher plants generate physiological active substances termed phytohormones.
Higher plants induce chemical reactions in the rhizosphere, facilitating metal uptake by roots.
Higher plants make use of asexual reproduction as well.
Higher plants produce a great deal of diverse phytochemicals through secondary metabolism.
Higher plants refer to native vascular plant species.
Higher plants respond to infectious wounding and stress by synthesizing protective compounds.
Most higher plants have a number of different isozymes of peroxidase.
Most higher plants have mycorrhizal fungi associated with their roots.
Higher pleasures make up in quality what they lack in quantity.
Higher points require taking greater personal risks.
Higher populations affect the environment more.
Higher populations favor lek mating.
Higher portfolio returns with a reduction in risk is the end result.
Higher positions are open by obtaining a graduate degree or by promotion from within.
Higher potassium helps the grass plants get through the winter in better shape.
Higher potencies act on more profound illnesses and long term ailments.
Higher potencies are a finer vibration and work on the emotional and subtle bodies.
Higher potencies take less doses.
Higher power reveals the trabecullar patern of the tumor.
Higher power seems to improve the view.
Higher powers are also well-represented on the local Web.
Higher powers are available with external HPAs.
Higher powers are okay, but bright stars do show some colour.
Higher powers are quite useful for viewing small and distant objects like planets and double stars.
Any higher power gives a dim, blurred, useless mess.
Some higher power is present.
Higher praise is hard to imagine.
Higher praise is impossible.
Higher precedence is done before lower precedence.
Higher precipitation leads to tall grass prairie with a high biodiversity of grasses and forbs.
Higher precision is available on request.
Higher precision trades off against bigger files.
Higher premiums are higher costs, and higher costs simply limit the pool of potential owners.
Higher premiums create political pressures to control prices.
Higher premiums mean fewer consumers are able to afford coverage.
Higher premiums reduce the deductible, which some contractors are willing to pay.
Higher prepayments leads to a more rapid return of principal and higher return.
Higher pressure allows a tire to support more weight and go faster with less risk of failure.
Higher pressure can also result if the column is higher in one region than another.
Higher pressure desposits more pigment into the deeper crevases of the texture.
Higher pressure increases the mercury level.
Higher pressure is associated with higher risk.
Higher pressure is called barrier fluid, lower pressure is called buffer fluid.
Higher pressure is found in the sieve-tube cells at the leaf than at the root.
Higher pressure leads to the opposite.
Higher pressure pushes out more stones.
Higher pressure raises the boiling point of fluids.
Higher pressure results in a higher boiling point .
Higher pressure results in a higher boiling point.
Higher pressures allow much smaller reactors and more efficient purification.
Higher pressures are available.
Higher pressures can cause leaks, separation of connections and flooding.
Higher pressures can indicate blockages in the filter, fluid line or outlet.
Higher pressures generate more small droplets, increasing drift potential.
Higher pressures indicate greater water bonding and greater water stress in the vine.
Higher pressures indicate warmer weather, while lower pressures indicate cooler weather.
Higher pressures make exhaling uncomfortable and difficult.
Higher pressures mean greater cleaning and sanitizing power.
Higher pressures produce only slightly larger sheath resistances.
Higher pressures produce smaller sheath resistances and smaller dc bias voltages.
Higher pressures require a shorter time to cause ulceration of skin than lower pressures.
Higher pressures require an inline regulator.
Higher pressures result in extension of fluid penetration.
Higher price is for .nf name.
Higher price is in the winter.
Higher price prevails.
Higher prices are a response to the laws of supply and demand.
Higher prices are almost always the quickest way to double, triple, and quadruple sales.
Higher prices are an effective tool for matching demand and supply.
Higher prices are another change introduced with the new name.
Higher prices are for higher MHz parts.
Higher prices are for washing standard materials.
Higher prices are the result of a temporary imbalance in supply and demand nationwide.
Higher prices are the result of fewer bikes being manufactured and sold.
Higher prices are wholly unjustified.
Higher prices aren t the only concern, however.
Higher prices beget lower demand and greater production.
Higher prices bring added capabilities, convenience, quality, productivity, and flexibility.
Higher prices cause yet more firms to install their own generation, and so it goes.
Higher prices encourage milk consumers to purchase other beverages.
Higher prices force one to look for substitutes.
Higher prices force workers to ask for higher wages.
Higher prices have little to do with the price of oil.
Higher prices haven t deterred consumers from buying online.
Higher prices lead to expansion of coffee industry supply increases price falls.
Higher prices lead to overall lower supply and then to still higher prices.
Higher prices lead to profits.
Higher prices mean lower sales volume.
Higher prices provide motivation for increased production.
Higher prices reduce the ability of low and middle income families to afford a home.
Higher prices reduce the value of money held by consumers.
Higher prices result in wealth transfers from consuming countries to producing countries.
Higher prices seem to be much more likely the result of larger homes and more amenities.
Higher prices spur competition at gas pumps Grocers add their own pumps to undercut stations.
Higher prices transfer income from economies that import oil to oil exporters.
Much higher prices are quoted for gentian- root, while gamboge is very steady.
Higher priorities allot higher amounts of points to spend in that particular category.
Higher priorities command more attention, staff, and money at a given time.
Higher priority is assigned to projects that receive matching funds from other sources.
Higher priority is given to library card holding residence.
Higher priority is given to proposals that indicate significant departmental or other support.
Higher priority is given to proposals which indicate significant departmental or other support.
Higher production is attributed to a long wet season and only minor incidences of pests and disease.
Higher production is attributed to increased planting and favourable growing conditions.
Higher productivity allows businesses to increase both wages and profits without raising prices.
Higher productivity allows firms to meet rising demand with the same number of workers.
Higher productivity can mean lower inflation.
Higher productivity equals higher profits and the ability to expand the size of one s operation.
Higher productivity is critical in keeping inflation in check.
Higher productivity is good.
Higher productivity is the key factor supporting rising living standards.
Higher productivity means employees can earn more without raising the price of products.
Higher productivity means less pressure to put more undisturbed ecosystems into production.
Higher productivity means that firms generate more revenue per worker without additional cost.
Higher profits draw increased supply.
Higher profits mean a higher stock price and a bigger payoff when they cash in their holdings.
Higher profits mean higher stock prices and more money in the pockets of shareholders.
Higher profitability is possible due to the time value of money factor and greater marketshare.
Higher protein means more animal.
Higher purity means lower efficiency.
Higher qualities depend on lower qualities for survival.
Higher qualities do pay off.
Higher qualities requires more storage but is only needed for particular images.
Higher qualities requires more storage, but is only needed for particular images.
Higher quality comes as a result of automatic program generation.
Higher quality is reflected in a higher market value.
Higher quality is typical due to lower delay.
Higher quality leads to less maintenance and repair costs, and improved customer satisfaction.
Higher quality learning materials come from ensuring that they are accessible to all.
Higher quality means better viewing.
Higher quality means production of faster growing lambs and more lambs per ewe, for example.
Higher quality means slower download and play times.
Higher quality reduces the time and money wasted on production of defective units.
Higher quantities are also available at regular publishing prices.
Higher quantities are even less.
Higher quantities give rise to indigestion.
Higher quantities qualify for lower pricing.
Higher rank increases the base pay scale.
Higher rank is high status
Higher ranks are a little trickier.
Higher ranks bring new and more visitors.
Higher ranks have larger growth steps.
Higher rankings mean more traffic.
Higher rankings means more hits and more interested customers.
Higher rate includes dinner during ski season.
Higher rate interfaces Optical fibers offer virtually unlimited bandwidth.
Higher rate is per person for adults.
Higher rates apply during holiday and other peak periods.
Higher rates apply during non-business hours.
Higher rates apply for international addresses.
Higher rates apply for messages sent from North America to other regions of the world.
Higher rates apply for mobile and pay phones.
Higher rates apply for some holiday and single night stays.
Higher rates apply for some holidays and special events.
Higher rates apply for some instructors.
Higher rates apply from mobile phones.
Higher rates apply from mobile telephones.
Higher rates apply if paid in arrears.
Higher rates apply in Alaska.
Higher rates apply in peak demand times, particularly in the fall and during special events.
Higher rates apply on all room rates and packages during vacation and holiday periods.
Higher rates apply on bank holidays.
Higher rates apply on weekdays.
Higher rates apply over some weekends and special events.
Higher rates apply over some weekends, summer and special events.
Higher rates apply to gains on depreciable real estate and collectibles such as art and antiques.
Higher rates apply to international customers.
Higher rates apply to international members.
Higher rates apply to local and international calls to and from mobile phones.
Higher rates apply to nonessential products such as cigarettes, beverages and cosmetics.
Higher rates apply to tobacco and liquor products.
Higher rates apply using toll-free access.
Higher rates apply without automatic deduction.
Higher rates apply without the automatic deduction.
Higher rates apply.
Higher rates are allowable only in published extra-charge locations.
Higher rates are also available.
Higher rates are available for better quality, at lower compression.
Higher rates are available for older individuals.
Higher rates are available if a non-panel doctor is used.
Higher rates are for more marginal properties as well as more complex properties.
Higher rates are for rooms closer to the lake with better views.
Higher rates are generally unnessary.
Higher rates are payable in cases where part-time students are sponsored by their employer.
Higher rates are possible using subarray or binned image formats.
Higher rates are the market's nemesis because they can quickly eat into corporate earnings.
Higher rates can burn the grass.
Higher rates can hurt car, home and credit card sales.
Higher rates can mean higher returns.
Higher rates cool excessive demand by making financing more costly for consumers and businesses.
Higher rates do hurt real businesses.
Higher rates encourage a more rapid cover of the ground by the new sod.
Higher rates equal more money.
Higher rates increase a company's borrowing costs.
Higher rates make it harder to borrow money to buy things or invest, and slow the economy down.
Higher rates mean banks pay more to borrow for new loans, and that affects profits.
Higher rates mean explosions are more likely.
Higher rates mean higher cost.
Higher rates mean it's more expensive to borrow, and that slows the economy down, tamping inflation.
Higher rates mean more incidents.
Higher rates mean more vacancies.
Higher rates mean that bonds are tougher competition for the stock market, which means lower prices.
Higher rates occur with older children.
Higher rates require higher premiums from employers.
Higher rates tend to eat into corporate profits.
Higher rates translate into higher yields for money field investors.
Much higher rates are possible depending on computer speed.
Higher ratings are available.
Higher ratings are better.
Higher ratings are indicative of institutions and policies more consistent with economic freedom.
Higher ratings deserve more impressive justifications.
Higher ratings mean to continue in that direction.
Higher ratings tell the investor the bonds have strong investment attributes.
Higher ratio is better because it provides cleaner sound with less noise.
Higher ratios are indicative of lakes with highly irregular shorlines or very narrow shapes.
Higher ratios increase the probability of success.
Higher ratios indicate a greater ability to pay debts.
Higher ratios indicate higher performance.
Higher ratios indicate stiffer dough.
Higher ratios mean more contrast and crisper images.
Higher ratios result in higher APRs.
Higher res means larger file size and significantly longer download times.
Higher readings indicate better weather even if the pressure is falling.
Higher regions are cooler.
Higher regions cooler.
Higher registrations have the Zimbabwe bird embossed below the hyphen.
Higher reimbursement is allowable if the hotel is the conference site hotel.
Higher rents are a certainty for tens of thousands of apartments.
Higher reps are tougher, but they can be very rewarding.
Higher resolution allows for more detail and subtle color transitions in an image.
Higher resolution does make a difference in the quality of the photo and in the cost of the camera.
Higher resolution enables the viewer to see more on the screen.
Higher resolution equals more detail.
Higher resolution equates to increased sharpness and detail in the image output.
Higher resolution imaging of a variety of small molecules continues to improve at a rapid pace.
Higher resolution implies a better quality monitor.
Higher resolution is better than medium resolution .
Higher resolution is necessary to view characters as opposed to full motion pictures.
Higher resolution is needed for other applications.
Higher resolution is needed for quality reproduction and clearly defined edges.
Higher resolution is sharper, but the file size increases proportionally.
Higher resolution is used to set crossovers or analyze frequency or standing waves.
Higher resolution makes it easier to distinguish fine details and recognize people at a distance.
Higher resolution makes it easier to distinguish fine details and recognize people from a distance.
Higher resolution makes the file larger, and slower to download.
Higher resolution means greater accuracy when measuring or viewing an object.
Higher resolution means more dots appear on the screen, allowing a larger image to be displayed.
Higher resolution means more lines are drawn for each facial feature.
Higher resolution means more points, more memory access.
Higher resolution means more usable desktop screen space.
Higher resolution needs more video memory.
Higher resolution provides more detail and better print quality.
Higher resolution refers to greater quality and sharper reproductions.
Higher resolution requires more memory.
Higher resolution requires shorter response.
Higher resolution results in better image quality.
Higher resolution results in less printed area, lower resolution results in more printed area.
Higher resolution takes more time to convert and requires more memory.
Higher resolution takes up the full screen.
Higher resolution translates into sharper images.
Higher resolutions allow more information to fit on a screen, resulting in less scrolling.
Higher resolutions are only necessary when scaling up or blowing up images.
Higher resolutions become important when displaying more sophisticated graphics and animations.
Higher resolutions come at a price.
Higher resolutions consume more disk storage, which adds extra expense.
Higher resolutions create, or depend on, a higher amount of data that are being processed.
Higher resolutions eat more memory, and the graphics take longer to draw.
Higher resolutions give more accurate results but are more computationally expensive.
Higher resolutions make better prints, even at smaller sizes.
Higher resolutions produce more detailed displays but also produce larger picture files.
Higher resolutions produce the best results for printed images.
Higher resolutions reduce the amount of zooming, panning and consequent screen re-draws.
Higher resolutions require significantly more disk storage space.
Higher resolutions result in slower scanning speeds.
Higher resolutions translate into clearer images and are generally easier on the eyes.
Higher resolutions work perfectly.
Any higher resolution is just a waste of file size.
Higher retentions are available.
Higher returns come with a longer time frame, but also have increased risk.
Higher returns come with greater risks.
Higher returns give incentives to homeowners to maintain, rather than abandon, older neighborhoods.
Higher returns mean greater risk, while lower returns provide greater safety.
Higher returns mean more wealth and more wealth means more safety.
Higher revenues generate more cash and reduce the payback period.
Higher revenues is good news for many southern counties facing financial crisis.
Higher revenues produce the opposite effect.
Higher risk is associated with higher returns.
Higher risk is correlated with a greater opportunity for high returns.
Higher risks are observed when the homing task is more challenging.
Higher risks means both winning and losing more often.
Higher rocker provides an easy ride even in choppy conditions.
Higher roll gets tact superiority and goes first.
Higher roller decides.
Higher roots are bounds for excited states.
Higher royalties make it easier for authors to promote their work and conduct additional research.
Higher runoff can result in more sediment in streams and creeks.
Higher salaries are often a knee-jerk reaction to turnover.
Higher salaries attract a larger pool of qualified candidates.
Higher salaries do indeed attract more of the best and the brightest.
Higher salaries exist within private practice.
Higher salinities imply higher nutrient concentrations.
Higher salinity changes the ocean currents, which, in turn, makes water temperatures rise.
Higher salinity means more dissolved salts.
Higher schools possess a mighty research potential and a well-developed infrastructure.
Higher score indicates better quality of life.
Higher score is better.
Higher score prevails.
Higher scores are advantageous in evaluation of the candidate's academic level.
Higher scores are better scores in all tests.
Higher scores are better.
Higher Scores are better.
Higher scores are preferred.
Higher scores can mean scholarships.
Higher scores describe poorly differentiated cells.
Higher scores describe poorly-differentiated, more aggressive tumors.
Higher scores help students get into better colleges.
Higher scores imply greater competitive advantage through differentiation.
Higher scores indicate a greater willingness to purchase the product.
Higher scores indicate a more favorable outcome.
Higher scores indicate a more threatening interpretation of bodily sensations.
Higher scores indicate better environmental conditions.
Higher scores indicate better functional ability.
Higher scores indicate better health.
Higher scores indicate better matches.
Higher Scores indicate better matches.
Higher scores indicate better performance except on the video playback tests.
Higher scores indicate better performance.
Higher scores indicate externality.
Higher scores indicate greater caregiver distress.
Higher scores indicate greater efficiency.
Higher scores indicate greater insecurity with respect to the attachment dimension being measured.
Higher scores indicate greater pollution risk.
Higher scores indicate improved outcome.
Higher scores indicate increased risk and concern.
Higher scores indicate increased satisfaction.
Higher scores indicate less expensive areas.
Higher scores indicate more assertive and interpersonally self-confident individuals.
Higher scores indicate more favorable outcomes.
Higher scores indicate more friendly than unfriendly.
Higher scores indicate more peer influences regarding dieting.
Higher scores indicate more positive attitudes.
Higher scores indicate more positive ratings.
Higher scores indicate more severe hunger and food insecurity conditions.
Higher scores indicate worse cognitive functioning.
Higher scores mean better performance.
Higher scores mean greater negative spillover.
Higher scores mean less risk.
Higher scores mean lower risk.
Higher scores reflect better performance.
Higher scores reflect greater severity of each measured item.
Higher scores represent a more internally-directed locus of control.
Higher scores represent better performance.
Higher scores represent more optimism.
Higher scores represent more reactive and less adaptable eating behavior.
Higher scores represent poorer cognitive functions.
Higher scores represent stronger religious values.
Higher scores show more conscious states .
Higher scores show more conscious states.
Higher scores show that more xeriscape principles are being used correctly.
Higher scores suggest aggressive tumors that likely require aggressive treatment.
Higher scorers schould balance their time to get as many questions right as possible.
Higher scrolls replace weaker ones.
Higher SEERs are better.
Higher settings add more heat.
Higher settings allow the grass species to compete effectively with lower growing weed species.
Higher settings require more video card memory.
Higher settings result in a more pronounced chorusing effect.
Any higher setting is superfluous.
Any higher setting is too verbose for most purposes.
Higher severance is common when the company changes hands.
Higher sheet yields results in higher savings of material.
Higher signals occur higher and so forth.
Higher skills are harder to learn, and the penalty for failure is swift and sure.
Higher speed causes faster treadwear.
Higher speed costs money in the form of fuel burned.
Higher speed is possible with trained operator.
Higher speed makes the sweeps harder to keep in the ground and harder to drive straight.
Higher speed means that more data can be delivered.
Higher speeds are attainable by some individual motherboards.
Higher speeds are attainable with optional engine packages.
Higher speeds are available at greater cost.
Higher speeds are available at much higher rates.
Higher speeds are available for higher cost.
Higher speeds are available in selected locations.
Higher speeds are desirable for cross-country flying.
Higher speeds are possible using ISDN lines.
Higher speeds cause a higher laser duty cycle, making the beam reflection easier to see.
Higher speeds cost more.
Higher speeds cost substantially more.
Higher speeds demand more fuel to overcome wind resistance.
Higher speeds get more help from the air, lower ones give more time to dissipate heat.
Higher speeds have a more negative impact on perceived risk and comfort.
Higher speeds increase tire temperature and cause extra wear.
Higher speeds lead to increasing turbulence and much stronger increase of air resistance with speed.
Higher speeds mean greater productivity and faster customer service.
Higher speeds permit sanding drums to be used.
Higher speeds reduce the ability of vehicles and restraint systems to protect occupants.
Higher speeds require more gas to overcome air resistance.
Higher speeds require more gasoline to overcome greater air resistance.
Higher speeds require more gasoline use to overcome air resistance.
Higher speeds require more gasoline.
Higher speeds require quicker reflexes and observational skills.
Higher speeds support a more dynamic look and sound.
Higher spenders can find themselves in even more private rooms.
Higher stages are further above.
Higher standards apply to administrators, too.
Higher standards are good for everyone.
Higher standards are important in themselves.
Higher standards are necessary to replace minimal standards implicit in most textbooks and tests.
Higher standards help guarantee the desired result.
Higher standards mean more meaningful homework.
Higher standards mean tougher tests, and tougher tests mean lower scores.
Higher standards require more of educators just as they require more of students.
Higher stiffness is always useful.
Higher stiffness produces less deflection.
Higher stipends are available for senior appointments.
Higher story counts during sweeps lowered score.
Higher strength is achieved in the early stages.
Higher structures become less active and therefore atrophy.
Higher studies dep.
Higher tariffs are unpopular in the South because they make needed products more expensive.
Higher taxa are defined by intrinsic characters.
Higher taxation means more compulsion.
Higher taxes affect everybody.
Higher taxes are likely to be passed on to customers or to employees.
Higher taxes are once again the prescription for all that ails America.
Higher taxes are out of the question.
Higher taxes cripple economic incentives and stifle job creation.
Higher taxes encourage some smokers to quit and discourage children and teens from starting.
Higher taxes induce some smokers to quit and prevent others individuals from starting.
Higher taxes is the road to ruin.
Higher taxes limit freedom and destroy prosperity for all.
Higher taxes lower the amount available for investment.
Higher taxes promise more money for more federal programs and inefficient government.
Higher taxes reduce adult smoking by encouraging current smokers to cut down or quit.
Higher taxes take more money out of the hands of citizens and line the pockets of big government.
Higher tech means higher quality.
Higher temps equal better thermal transfer.
Higher temperature decreases shelf life.
Higher temperature demands more care to protect the surface of the print.
Higher temperature gives greater blood flow volume.
Higher temperature gives light at higher frequencies.
Higher temperature is associated with more frequent chirps.
Higher temperature is observed in urban area.
Higher temperature makes some colors dispear and lower temperature makes some colors appear.
Higher temperature means a higher rate of evaporation.
Higher temperature means higher velocities means harder collisions.
Higher temperature means lower system efficiency.
Higher temperature means more rapid relaxation.
Higher temperature means more vibrations.
Higher temperature produces faster effect.
Higher temperatures accelerate the catalytic effect.
Higher temperatures affect the dissolved oxygen levels in other ways.
Higher temperatures allow insects and rodents to survive and breed.
Higher temperatures allow shorter fusing time.
Higher temperatures are ahead.
Higher temperatures are bearable with good light and high humidity.
Higher temperatures are best for flowering.
Higher temperatures are desirable in order to anneal away defects that form in the growing nanotube.
Higher temperatures are most noticeable in southern British Columbia.
Higher temperatures are necessary for hydrocarbon conversion.
Higher temperatures are needed.
Higher temperatures arise during the early stages.
Higher temperatures can be lethal for the embryo.
Higher temperatures can be lethal to cold-water adapted salmon.
Higher temperatures can damage the precision components.
Higher temperatures can directly alter their life cycles.
Higher temperatures can easily scald.
Higher temperatures can harm aquatic life by reducing dissolved oxygen.
Higher temperatures can increase the rate of evaporation, drying out soils.
Higher temperatures cause off-flavors and unpleasant odors to develop.
Higher temperatures cause particles in the earth's atmosphere to move faster.
Higher temperatures create higher risks for heat stroke.
Higher temperatures decrease the time required for whitefly development.
Higher temperatures enhance the importance of entropy over enthalpy.
Higher temperatures favor dauer larva formation.
Higher temperatures favor more rapid yellowing and decay of the leaves.
Higher temperatures favour decomposition.
Higher temperatures go hand in hand with higher greenhouse gas levels.
Higher temperatures have negative influence on rice yields in all seasons and almost all locations.
Higher temperatures help star formation.
Higher temperatures increase heart rate.
Higher temperatures increase the difficulty of controlling certain diseases.
Higher temperatures increases the rate of corrosion on internal fittings and other surfaces.
Higher temperatures indicate a rise in progesterone which signals the end of the fertile time.
Higher temperatures inhibit star formation.
Higher temperatures lead to conditions of thermodynamic control.
Higher temperatures lead to higher rates of evaporation and precipitation.
Higher temperatures lead to more evaporation of the available water, which means less water.
Higher temperatures mean faster speeds and more collisions between particles.
Higher temperatures mean greater cleaning and sanitizing power.
Higher temperatures mean more evaporation, more intense storms, and more rapid snow melt.
Higher temperatures mean quicker chemical reactions.
Higher temperatures mean shorter shelf life and potentially rapid declines in quality.
Higher temperatures mean that the molecules are moving, vibrating and rotating with more energy.
Higher temperatures predispose to indigestion, poor catabolism and cyanosis.
Higher temperatures produce female offspring, while lower temperatures produce males.
Higher temperatures produce females and lower temperatures produce males.
Higher temperatures produce higher speeds of sound.
Higher temperatures produce more females and result in shorter incubation periods.
Higher temperatures produce more females while lower temperatures produce more males.
Higher temperatures produce more ozone.
Higher temperatures produce shorter intervals.
Higher temperatures provide cleaner burn and more complete burn.
Higher temperatures reduce the time requirements.
Higher temperatures reduce viscosity , increasing infiltration.
Higher temperatures result in earlier failure of the devices in the system.
Higher temperatures result in faster reactions and a greater increase in digestibility.
Higher temperatures result in quicker uptake of the product for faster control.
Higher temperatures shorten and lower temperatures extend the stated times.
Higher temperatures shorten the pot life.
Higher temperatures speed metabolism and increase the effectiveness of the antibiotic.
Higher temperatures speed the process of evaporation.
Higher temperatures speed up ripening, but the final color is more orange than red.
Higher temperatures speed up the process.
Higher temperatures tend to favour blunt end ligations.
Higher temperatures tend to make reaction proceed more quickly.
Higher temperatures tend to reduce the time to flowering and leaf number.
Higher temperatures yield weaker materials - lower viscosity.
Higher terms like to convereg but to wrong phases.
Higher thresholds blend more.
Higher thresholds can give mean, nasty, spiky sounds.
Higher thresholds mean significantly longer times to process.
Higher throughput is achieved with larger messages.
Higher throughput is better.
Higher tones play short pointillistic rhythms, a sonic interchange that implies ricochet.
Higher totals are better.
Higher trust transforms the person and the organization.
Higher truth is easy to understand intellectually.
Higher tuition demands high quality.
Higher tuition permits higher salaries for professors.
Higher tuition suggests superior education.
Higher turbidity increases water temperatures because suspended particles absorb more heat.
Higher turbulence causes greater frictional drag.
Higher turnover is better.
Higher understanding is an unremitting quest worthy of pursuit.
Higher unemployment accounts for the lion's share of the rise in welfare dependency.
Higher unemployment translates directly into higher tax burdens.
Higher vacancies create pressure for more confirmations.
Higher value is associated with higher Priority.
Higher value makes it more difficult to limit increased costs .
Higher value means higher cost per size.
Higher value means higher priority.
Higher values allow a wider range of frequencies to be recorded and give better quality.
Higher values are at stake.
Higher values are better here.
Higher values are better.
Higher values are brighter.
Higher values are closer to the top.
Higher values are desirable and indicate greater return per unit of risk.
Higher values are more common in the upper part of the B horizon.
Higher values can look more swirly under some circumstances.
Higher values cause a slower decadence of the waves.
Higher values cause greater smoothing.
Higher values cause slower motion.
Higher values cause the algorithm to take longer.
Higher values cause the higher harmonics to decay faster.
Higher values cause the parse time to become rather long.
Higher values correspond to greater strength or superiority.
Higher values correspond to higher intensities.
Higher values correspond to weaker acids or bases.
Higher values create longer slide times.
Higher values expand the stereo image, pushing the apparent sound source beyond the speakers.
Higher values give a voice greater 'carry', but lower values make it softer.
Higher values give better isolation, but also reduce highs somewhat, and reduce input volume.
Higher values give brighter specular highlights.
Higher values give finer search grids, and potentially better results at the cost of time.
Higher values give longer attacks.
Higher values give longer decays.
Higher values increase load time.
Higher values increase the detail, but slow the drawing process down.
Higher values indicate a brighter voice while lower values create a softer voice.
Higher values indicate a heavier liquor.
Higher values indicate a higher priority for the print job.
Higher values indicate better discrimination.
Higher values indicate better quality.
Higher values indicate decreasing reagent sensitivity.
Higher values indicate earlier maturity.
Higher values indicate faster and fore reliable connections. .
Higher values indicate faster and more reliable co nnections.
Higher values indicate faster and more reliable connections .
Higher values indicate faster and more reliable connections.
Higher values indicate faster more reliable connections.
Higher values indicate greater canopy cover and a more complex sward.
Higher values indicate greater preferences.
Higher values indicate greater skill.
Higher values indicate greater susceptibility.
Higher values indicate greater viscosity.
Higher values indicate higher fragmentation.
Higher values indicate higher hardness.
Higher values indicate higher priority.
Higher values indicate more compact areas.
Higher values indicate more contradictions and therefore greater uncertainty in map location.
Higher values indicate more vivid color.
Higher values indicate safer trajectories.
Higher values indicate that the model fits the data better.
Higher values indicate warm weather and result in a high power production for cooling.
Higher values indicatefaster and more reliable connections.
Higher values make for hotter water, which means warmer radiators, but also higher gas bills.
Higher values make it animate faster, and lower values make it slower.
Higher values make the edges in the image increasing distinct.
Higher values make the top end of the bulb fatter.
Higher values make the two planes become closer.
Higher values mean easier problems.
Higher values mean longer periods between increasing the energy requirements.
Higher values mean more distance between one drip and another.
Higher values mean more distance between one drop and another.
Higher values mean more triangles.
Higher values mean opening of the shell becomes wider with each rotation.
Higher values mean that objects appear more and more shiny.
Higher values mean that the stick is pushed into the ground.
Higher values mean the shell is taller.
Higher values mean tube of the shell forms further from the coiling axis.
Higher values means better conections.
Higher values produce higher pitches.
Higher values produce more reverb.
Higher values produce slower scrolling.
Higher values reflect a better fit.
Higher values repeat more slowly.
Higher values represent a more positive evaluation.
Higher values represent higher Priority.
Higher values represent higher scroll speeds.
Higher values result in a ski p ping play pointer.
Higher values result in high quality as well as bigger file sizes.
Higher values result in longer games.
Higher values result in longer pulse widths.
Higher values result in more contrast and light intensities being cut off sooner.
Higher values signify slower performance.
Higher values soften the volume changes and eliminate the zipper noise.
Higher values specify higher quality.
Higher values tend to slow down the program, which can be critical in blitz games.
Higher values zoom in on the center point.
All higher values seem to show little or no variation.
Higher velocity equals higher screening losses.
Higher velocity means more initial shot setback and distortion.
Higher versions are also acceptable.
Higher versions are available for free downloading.
Higher visibility is needed in crowded conditions.
Higher visibility translates into increased awareness.
Higher volatility is associated with higher variance.
Higher volatility leads to higher risk due to the wild swings in share price from day to day.
Higher volatility spreads out the delta and it has a similar flattening effect on gamma.
Higher voltage can damage the equipment.
Higher voltage is used for thicker specimen .
Higher voltage means more heat.
Higher voltage means more torque-spinning strength to overcome resistance.
Higher voltages are more likely to kill and also more likely to cause skin burns.
Higher voltages lead to lower efficiency.
Higher voltages make signals propagate down wires faster but require more energy.
Higher voltages provide a signal from dopant concentrations in deeper layers than lower voltages.
Higher voltages require higher chip breakdown voltages.
Higher voltages require large high wattage resistors.
Higher voltages require more insulation.
Higher volume assures better quality control.
Higher volume can mean lower costs.
Higher volume means discounted pricing.
Higher volume suggests continuation.
Higher wages are another draw.
Higher wages attract more able workers on average.
Higher wages commensurate with experience.
Higher wages drain any higher caliber professors.
Higher wages equal a higher inflation rate.
Higher wages force employers to invest in equipment and training, and to improve productivity.
Higher wages insure that every household can sustain a decent standard of living.
Higher wages lead workers to value their jobs more, which has benefits for the employer.
Higher wages leads to a smaller profit margin for the entrepreneurs.
Higher wages mean higher contributions into the system.
Higher wages mean higher tax brackets.
Higher wages mean lower turnover for businesses because workers can better support their families.
Higher wages mean more people able to buy homes, which means more property taxes.
Higher walls require more stabilization and much larger stones.
Higher water flow for better heating efficiency.
Higher wattage can cause damage and possibly fire.
Higher waves occur in shallower water.
Higher weight increases the forces exerted on buildings during earthquakes.
Higher weight is correlated with health problems, especially in later life.
Higher weight protects principally in two-vehicle crashes.
Higher weights translates into more meat or poultry produced per animal processed.
Higher winds accommodate heavier boomerangs and different throwing techniques.
Higher winds are usually too much for most store-bought kites.
Higher winds cause more heat loss due to more efficient conduction.
Higher winds have the potential to generate more electricity.
Higher winds lift more dust causing further amplification of the storm in positive feedback.
Higher winds mean more oxygen and more intense flames.
Higher winds result in more electricity production.
Higher windows obscure lower windows.
Higher yields are of course available on investments of greater risk and longer maturities.
Higher yields draws money off the stock market and into bonds.
Higher yields increase revenues obtained for each semiconductor wafer processed.
Higher yields reduce per-bushel production costs, increasing profitability.
Higher yields remove even more nutrients.
Higher yields require higher rates of P fertilizer than lower yields because of greater removal.
Higher yields result in shorter recuperation times.
Higher yields tend to be a function of increased tuber numbers and heavier tuber weights.
Higher zones require less time in zone than lower zones.
Highest activity is in the chemed-l and sci.chem groups.
Highest area appears to be to the left.
Highest areas are alpine tundra.
Highest bid takes it.
Highest bid wins.
Highest bids appear first.
Highest bidder gets the prize.
Highest bidder obtains each item.
Highest bidder takes the lot.
Highest bidder wins position, with bidding starting at lowest amount applicable to level.
Highest bidder wins the right to host the tournaments.
Highest bidder wins.
Highest bidders receive an interview slot.
Highest bidders win.
Highest bribe gets the contract.
Highest buyers get highest placement in search results.
Highest card deals on round one.
Highest card drawn wins the deal.
Highest card is dealer.
Highest card takes the hand.
Highest card wins the trick.
Highest card wins trick unless trumped, then highest trump wins.
Highest charge applies, per delivery.
Highest concentrations are comparable to retinol.
Highest concentrations occur at spawning time, when the gonads are at their most poisonous.
Highest consideration is provided to life members.
Highest cost is the printing of leaflets and posters to advertise the event.
Highest demand is for infant care and for nontraditional hour care.
Highest densities are in yellow.
Highest densities are witnessed in western Maryland, and the lowest occur on the eastern shore.
Highest density is concentrated in the center, because of the confining force of gravity.
Highest diversity is in the wet pine habitats in the upper central portion of the image.
Highest donation gets more impressions through the banner.
Highest donation gets top position in list.
Highest donation gets top position on page.
Highest enrollments are in business and the sciences.
Highest expression occurs at the promyelocyte stage in bone marrow myeloid precursors.
Highest family hold walleye re-book is since successful but potential.
Highest fatality occurs in infants and elderly people.
Highest flexibility is our philosophy.
Highest good is like water.
Highest ground appears to be near one of the towers.
Highest ground is hard to determine.
Highest ground is in field close to the field road.
Highest ground is in rear, next to fence.
Highest ground is in the woods near the edge of the field on the summit plateau.
Highest ground is just south of trail.
Highest ground is within view of the road.
Highest ground surrounds the building.
Highest heat setting offers warmer heat therapy relief.
Highest incidence is found in North America and Northern Europe.
Highest incidence is in Florida.
Highest incidence is in the first year of life.
Highest level goes first in resume.
Highest level is pretty good.
Highest level needed for the work to be done is higher than before the virus and before that.
Highest levels are found in the skin of colored fruits and vegetables.
Highest levels are high levels.
Highest mark is recorded.
Highest number begins.
Highest number is odd.
Highest number moves first.
Highest number wins.
Highest numbers are in Central and Imperial valleys.
Highest numbers are most recent publications.
Highest ozone occurs near metropolitan regions.
Highest pay is in the oil industry.
Highest peak is Last Chance Mountain.
Highest point is a gun, which points towards surface, ammunition lying around.
Highest point is at pitcher's mound.
Highest points are near the scarp, where alluvial fans have built up a piedmont zone.
Highest points wins.
Highest predation occurs during incubation and during the race of the hatchlings to the sea.
Highest pressure occurs at idling speed and the lowest at top speed.
Highest priority goes to the current HEMP campaign target.
Highest priority goes to undergrads and followed by beginning graduate students.
Highest priority is assigned to intelligence support to military operations.
Highest priority is given to applicants in the first year of their external awards.
Highest priority is given to application materials received early in the calendar year.
Highest priority is given to areas with large concentrations of rare species.
Highest priority is given to college classes meeting in the library for research purposes.
Highest priority is given to fixing malfunctioning machines and correcting software access problems.
Highest priority is given to investigations that apply to a broad spectrum of problems and patients.
Highest priority is given to jobs with the least CPU usage recently.
Highest priority is given to junior-level transfers from California community colleges.
Highest priority is given to publications that result from invitational sources or refereed review.
Highest priority is given to searching for new ways to improve our range of products.
Highest priority is given to situations involving serious risk to life and damage to property.
Highest priority is given to studies that deal with clinical or health care delivery topics.
Highest priority is given to the rapid turnaround of fetal and neonatal blood .
Highest probabilities are in northern and mountainous areas of the country.
Highest productivity occurs on sandy to loamy soils with good moisture and drainage.
Highest quality carry cases in the industry.
Highest quality demands the highest price.
Highest quality demands top dollar.
Highest quality develops after six weeks in cold storage.
Highest quality gives DVD-like performance.
Highest quality is associated with abundant, young leaves.
Highest quality is guaranteed.
Highest quality is in fall and winter.
Highest quality is proved by working up double twisted combed yarn in both, warp and weft .
Highest quality linens at the best prices.
Highest quality shofars available in Israel in our shofar section .
Highest rank is associate professor.
Highest rates are reported from the Middle Atlantic states.
Highest ratings go to bathrooms with an automatic door.
Highest ratio wins event.
Highest roll gives a hit.
Highest roll goes first.
Highest roll wins the respective battle.
Highest roller can decide whether to go first or second.
Highest roller goes first with play continuing to the left.
Highest roller wins.
Highest salaries tend to be in software development companies.
Highest score determines winner.
Highest score gets the best seat.
Highest score is entered into contest.
Highest seasons is x-mas and easter.
Highest skills tend to occur in southern Sudan.
Highest story count in study.
Highest successes wins.
Highest temperature Specify the upper temperature of the range in Kelvins.
Highest temperatures go to the left.
Highest temperatures represent the primary risk.
Highest tile goes first.
Highest total wins ties.
Highest totals are likely to be towards the south coast.
Highest tribute comes from the artists themselves.
Highest value has possession.
Highest value is defined by what people choose to purchase.
Highest wages ensure the best guides.
Highest yield is obtained when harvested at heading.
Highgrade ore is exceptionally rich.
Highhanded attitudes lead to very bad results.
Highland County has some very talented people.
Highland County offers the most beautiful example of what each season of the year can be.
Highland Lake is in danger.
Some highland midges begin life.
Highland Park begins one mile south of campus.
Highland Park encompasses quite a large area.
Highland Park goes far beyond the average city park in educational value.
Highland Park has a facility they call the head-end.
Highland Park has a pleasant, distinct, smoky aroma, a medium body and a light, sweet dryness.
Highland Park has good reason to be proud.
Highland Park is a community rich in tradition and ethnic heritage.
Highland Park is a northern suburb of Chicago bordering Lake Michigan.
Highland Park is a suburb of Fargo and it was surrounded by water.
Highland Park is a viable place to do business.
Highland Park is an affluent city with a rich history.
Highland Park is an example of society.
Highland Park is located in Cook County in the Northern District.
Highland Park is located in Wayne County Michigan.
Highland Park is one of the poorest cities in the country.
Highland Park is planned as an exclusive development of country estates.
Highland Park is Rochester's first public park.
Highland Park is the most Northern Scotch Whisky Distillery in the World.
Highland Park is very, very good and they're on a roll.
Highland Park results Here are the primary election results.
A highland is elevation
Highland isa formation.
Highlands are an old breed whose time has come.
Highlands are basically a disease resistant breed.
Highlands are colder than surrounding lowlands.
Highlands are exceptionally beautiful.
Highlands are lands.
Highlands are less accessible on foot, but remote sensing data are available.
Highlands are slow growing, yet have a hardy constitution.
Highlands are stations.
Highlands can also play defense.
Highlands does have some fun trails for intermediates.
Highlands generally dislike being stabled.
Highlands has programs for moderate to severe disabilities at all grade levels.
Highlands has trails that accommodate all levels of skiing.
Highlands have (part) inclines.
Highlands have (part) slopes.
Highlands is back for the second straight year and the seventh time overall.
Highlands lie to the east along the Vietnamese border.
Highlands Located in the center of the state, Highlands County is in the middle of Florida action.
Highlands occidentali a sette minuti dalla pensione.
Highlands provides each resident with bedding, towels, and toiletry items.
Highlands provides room, board, and medical expenses for the expectant mother.
Highlands rise near the east and west borders.
Highlands Visit our promotions page for area discounts.
Highlandnet Events Listing The listing of entertainment and social events is modest.
A highlife is waste
Highlife is a snob who demands only the best of everything.
Highlife is the Ghanaian and Nigerian ballroom music from West Africa.
Highlight films have a way of making the ordinary seem moving.
A highlight is light
Highlight applies color highlighting to selected text.
Highlight changes within a shared workbook.
Highlight columns A through G .
Highlight copy here.
Highlight features with edge detection and other filters.
Highlight is a cruise to Knight Island.
Highlight is a new command that makes talking in small groups much easier.
Highlight is our all day guided kayak adventure.
Highlight is permanent white.
Highlight is the ease with which new puzzles can be defined and solved.
Highlight is the page dedicated to breeding, whelping, rearing, training and racing.
Highlight is the stranding on an atol, and the subsequent refloating with help of the local people.
Highlight means to make something active.
Highlight saved- messages by using the arrow keys.
Highlight takes input texts and extracts information to fill slots in a template.
Highlights also become progressively brighter and more sharp edged.
Highlights appear in HTML format.
Highlights approaches that work and have built consensus around innovative ideas.
Highlights are a large living room, dining room, breakfast room and kitchen with all the trimmings.
Highlights are a proven time saver for previewing and screening.
Highlights are a quick and timely means of keeping people informed about our activities.
Highlights are adequate.
Highlights are also well restored, giving the film a warm and idyllic look throughout.
Highlights are an abundance of wildlife and a lack of motorized boat traffic.
Highlights are as follows.
Highlights are available below.
Highlights are below.
Highlights are bullet-listed below.
Highlights are condensed statements of the basic arguments and policy recommendations of the briefs.
Highlights are details.
Highlights are easiest to see on reflective or glossy surfaces.
Highlights are everywhere.
Highlights are excellent abrasion, rub and scratch resistance.
Highlights are hard to determine.
Highlights are hikes to lakes, mountain views and lava fields.
Highlights are impossible to list, however . . .
Highlights are information on specific disorders, diagnoses and medications.
Highlights are irrelevant.
Highlights are light.
Highlights are many.
Highlights are more intense.
Highlights are new additions to our diverse program.
Highlights are on the left side of the screen.
Highlights are plentiful from which to choose.
Highlights are steamed seafood, meats, vegetables and delectable desserts and cakes.
Highlights are the Byzantine flourishes, including superb figurative mosaics.
Highlights are the clickable world map of endangered animals.
Highlights are the highest areas of an item.
Highlights are the least dense, while shadows have the most density.
Highlights are the parade, gardens and parks.
Highlights are the rock formations and technicolor meadows.
Highlights are the rogues' gallery, and daily notes and quotes from the team.
Highlights are the rooms dedicated to the discovery of america and the battle of Lepanto .
Highlights are the whale sculpture and the tide pool touch tank.
Highlights are veal, steaks, seafood and pasta in a variety of Italian styles.
Highlights artifacts in the museum's collection with photos, history, and craft specifications.
Highlights Be still.
Highlights Can maintain a permit or review the status of a permit at any time.
Highlights changes in the file in bold.
Highlights changes within managed care research and the operation of managed care organizations.
Highlights Check out our new job opportunities .
Highlights Check out successes from our previous year.
Highlights Click the thumbnail to view the original picture.
Highlights Click the title to view a condensed version of the article.
Highlights Click the title to view a segment of the article.
Highlights Come to bird-watch, photograph, fish or simply enjoy the woods and river.
Highlights contrasts in median age, sex ratios, dependency ratios.
Highlights Create powerful cross-platform solutions.
Highlights deal with webcastingdefined as both streaming media and push technologies.
Highlights Describe the advantages of the company and benefits of investing in the deal.
Highlights detail in the gauze is preserved well also.
Highlights Discover our classical route along varied scenery, village life and hill-tribes.
Highlights Experience the wonder of music.
Highlights Figuring out how to live with someone is important.
Highlights Find out where dance alumni are now.
Highlights Following are highlights of the major accomplishments to date.
Highlights Get a jump on publishing and bookselling news.
Highlights Get everyone on the same page.
Highlights habitat, distribution, subspecies, and lifezones.
Highlights Has multiple department responsibility codes.
Highlights Has the ability to handle hourly or salaried employees.
Highlights has wonderful stories for children, activities and contests and children love it.
Highlights have more silver, and proportionally more stain.
Highlights includes frames and rules for rendering borders.
Highlights includes some great pictures and a unique history.
Highlights indicate high priority sites.
Highlights indicate links.
Highlights indicate the direction of the light source.
Highlights is still there for children.
Highlights Learn how oceans shape climate .
Highlights link back to the crosstable for the event.
Highlights links to other pages concerned with individual animals, from dogs and horses to ferrets.
Highlights look best within the first month and a half of coloring.
Highlights make hair look more natural and sun-kissed.
Highlights Managing our financial resources is a key to successful leadership.
Highlights notes as they are played.
Highlights notes on screen as they are played.
Highlights points to a combination of project accomplishments.
Highlights points to recent project accomplishments.
Highlights praticals ways to set and achieve gender equity goals in sport organizations.
Highlights precede each sector listing.
Highlights Read all the news including today's Georgia news highlights .
Highlights relate historic sites and buildings through-out the park.
Highlights report writing and data analysis workshops and the laboratory project design exercise.
Highlights reports in Northern newspapers that suggest the war is unpopular in the North.
Highlights reports present the major results to readers in a condensed document.
Highlights similaries, with glossary, and comp.
Highlights sites new to the listing.
Highlights suggest rapid change for the internet and impact on the youth culture globally.
Highlights treetop playground for an alternative learning experience.
Highlights trends affecting the industry.
Highlights Use our programs to improve the community.
Highlights Visit our conference information page .
Highlights works from Rediscovering the Landscape of the Americas.
Highlights works from the gallery's permanent collection.
Highlights often contain some sort of list.
All highlights are the same.
Many highlights contain web links.
More Highlights Find out more new and highlighted information on the Trace site.
Most highlights are accessable by sealed road and distances are reasonable.
Some highlights appear below.
Some highlights are a bus drop off on the south side and a parent drop off on the north side.
Some highlights are Boolean capabilities for use in mould cavity design, and weldment design.
Some highlights are the great dressage quadrille or the post carriage driven thirteen in hands.
Some highlights follow below.
Some highlights follow.
Highlighted addresses can start e-mail with a mouse click.
Highlighted addresses show new or recently moved departments.
Highlighted appraisers have their own personal appraiser page.
Highlighted areas are days off for students.
Highlighted articles are available here in full-text form.
Highlighted articles are available online.
Highlighted articles are currently available in electronic format.
Highlighted articles focus on architecture, design, film, and public art.
Highlighted assignments are due on the date noted.
Highlighted borders indicate that a shape is active.
Highlighted boxes contain forum participant comments.
Highlighted boxes contain materials lists and questions related to the activities.
Highlighted boxes contain specific examples and supplemental facts.
Highlighted boxes offer extra advice and make it easy to see at a glance what materials are needed.
Highlighted boxes offer tips to help meet the standards.
Highlighted boxes show the percentage of respondents who chose their own country as best lovers.
Highlighted bridges offer photos and more details.
Highlighted companies have links to additional information pages.
Highlighted courses have instructor specific information.
Highlighted customers have links to information on the project.
Highlighted dates indicate that abstracts are online.
Highlighted differences are mutations that cause the replacement of one nucleotide with another.
Highlighted documents are available on the Internet.
Highlighted entries are currently online.
Highlighted entries are for statewide or agency promotional candidates only.
Highlighted entries are for statewide or agency promotional candidates.
Highlighted entries are on line.
Highlighted entries indicate recent changes.
Highlighted fields are limit fields.
Highlighted fields are mandatory.
Highlighted headings indicate link to more information.
Highlighted issues link to abstracts.
Highlighted items appear in the monthly list.
Highlighted items are active and the numbers in parenthesis are the current values for each item.
Highlighted items are currently available.
Highlighted items are direct links to that category.
Highlighted items are most likely to be linked to more detailed content.
Highlighted items are now orange underlines.
Highlighted items contain more detailed information about that area.
Highlighted items have links to more detailed information.
Highlighted items have more info and, when available, a photo.
Highlighted items have more information.
Highlighted items have pictures available.
Highlighted items indicate a reference to another page.
Highlighted items indicate calendar events.
Highlighted letters are hotkeys.
Highlighted lines indicate B.C. events.
Highlighted links connect to the Glossary of Terms in a new window.
Highlighted links connect to the organization's scholarship information pages.
Highlighted links lead to a web page or site for that particular business.
Highlighted links represent potential violations of concurrency requirements.
Highlighted links represent potential violations of concurreny requirements.
Highlighted listing covers only the original single listing.
Highlighted listings are available as downloads in postscript form.
Highlighted municipalities are links to their websites.
Highlighted names can access manufacturer's web-sites by simply clicking on the name.
Highlighted names connect to web pages.
Highlighted names give links to the person's web page.
Highlighted names have e-mail addresses.
Highlighted names have links to memorials and stories dedicated to that person.
Highlighted names have mail-to addresses.
Highlighted names have their own mailbox.
Highlighted names link to a member's personal website.
Highlighted names link to a picture of the dog.
Highlighted names link to personal web pages.
Highlighted names link to the Picture Book.
Highlighted names point to web pages.
Highlighted names provide e-mail links.
Highlighted names provide links to more information about the course and the course director.
Highlighted narration helps reading novices.
Highlighted opportunities range from seminars to trade shows from around the world.
Highlighted opportunities range from seminars to world wide trade shows.
Highlighted orders contain some entries.
Highlighted papers are links to pdf files of the paper.
Highlighted periods are double periods.
Highlighted players are the newest additions to the list.
Highlighted portions are illegible when a form is microfilmed.
Highlighted positions are still open.
Highlighted publications are also available for viewing on our web page.
Highlighted publications are also available on line.
Highlighted publications are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Highlighted regions indicate sequence conservation.
Highlighted restaurants are local favorites or critics' choices.
Highlighted row indicates where package is in coordination process.
Highlighted schools indicate a link to the corresponding school's website.
Highlighted scores are links to match reports.
Highlighted selections are available to listen to online.
Highlighted selections can have multiple noncontiguous sections.
Highlighted seminars are ready to register.
Highlighted sessions follow.
Highlighted sites indicate a major contribution of Web content, Web design or Web site management.
Highlighted sources have additional information such as varieties, price, etc.
Highlighted sports are hockey, football, golf, basketball, tennis and more.
Highlighted stores have their own sites .
Highlighted suburbs contain a link.
Highlighted terms are hypertext links to other documents or images.
Highlighted terms provide direct links to documentation.
Highlighted text appears in a different colour or image intensity level.
Highlighted text appears in reverse video on monochrome monitors or in color on some color monitors.
Highlighted titles are available online.
Highlighted titles are links to an abstract for the poster.
Highlighted titles are links to postscript-files that can be downloaded.
Highlighted titles are programs with a mostly musical format.
Highlighted titles indicate hypertext links to table of contents information, sample articles, etc.
Highlighted titles link directly to the site containing the article.
Highlighted titles offer more information.
Highlighted titles provide links to introductory or other information regarding their listservs.
Highlighted topics are available in HTML formats.
Highlighted topics have links to pictures.
Highlighted wages are per month.
Highlighted words indicate that a link exists.
Highlighted words link to more detailed articles on specific topics.
Highlighted words provide link to fulltext.
A highlighter is a cosmetic
Highlighters accentuate the detail and hide existing valleys.
Highlighters are over rated.
Highlightings are events.
Highmore soils are extensive.
A highness is height
Highness lays on covers.
Highrise models have a thicker sole.
High-rise isa tower.
High-rises have (part) bases.
High-rises have (part) sections.
A highschool is a secondary school
All highschools have a dragueur.
Highway agencies employ computers to analyze accident data and to identify high accident locations.
Highway authorities are the county councils and unitary authorities.
Highway bridges are vital links in the nation's transportation network.
Highway buses are extensive, and intervals are usually five to thirty minutes depending on the area.
Highway construction can occur outside park boundaries.
Highway construction is a big priority for the area.
Highway construction is an important component of the government's long-term economic plan.
Highway construction is certainly important, but veterans benefits are a greater priority.
Highway construction is construction.
Highway construction is defined as any resurfacing, overlays or new roadway construction.
Highway construction is on the rise around the nation, and so are work zone fatalities.
Highway construction is road construction.
Highway construction lakes.
Highway departments can evaluate bicycle routes and work with clubs to clean and maintain shoulders.
Highway departments plant the stuff to prevent erosion on embankments.
Highway departments spend millions of tax dollars and many hours annually picking up litter.
Highway departments take out bridges.
Highway Districts supervise maintenance and construction in their assigned counties.
A highway engineer is a civil engineer
Highway engineers are loathe to renumber the mileposts along highways.
Highway engineers use many of the same principles as roller coaster designers.
Highway hypnosis does occur.
Highway hypnosis is caused by the sameness of the road and traffic.
Highway lights have to be turned off.
Many highway lights contain fluorescent mercury vapor.
Highway maintenance is a big ongoing cost to taxpayers.
Highway medians give way to a turn lane every few thousand feet.
Highway mirages are as common over dry pavement on sunny winter days as during the summer months.
Highway one is the main high-speed thoroughfare, but.
Highway one is the southern boundary for the packs territory.
Highway robbers abound in many spots.
A highway robbery is a robbery
Highway robbery is robbery whilst on a public street.
Highway robbery is what it feels like.
Highway runoff contains compounds.
Highway safety begins with a driver who can see and be seen.
Highway safety continues to improve, but at a decreasing rate.
Highway safety is a function of the vehicle, the driver, and the road.
Highway safety is an important issue to the local citizenry.
Highway safety is primarily a State government function.
Highway signs lead the way nicely.
Highway Signs makes it clear how they found themselves in such good company.
Highway signs mark all of the turns from the highway.
Highway signs point the way to more historical truths.
Highway signs run generic smog and air quality messages.
A highway system is transportation
Highway systems can be barriers or connectors between land uses.
Highway systems involved include interstate, U.S., and state highways.
A highway is a road
Highway actually goes through the site - check to see if the pass is open.
Highway actually goes through the site.
Highway Caravaning Many factors make it very difficult for caravans to stay together.
Highway crosses the park's spectacular alpine landscape and is one of America's most scenic drives.
Highway cuts through bedrock commonly expose beds containing fossils.
Highway Describes the highway dedication ceremony.
Highway designs for arterial roads and infrastructure developments.
Highway dissects parcel and all utilities are to the site.
Highway driving Talk about highways and images of speeding buses and trucks come to mind.
Highway encounters b.
Highway encounters with deer and other animals is a serious if mostly unrecognized national problem.
Highway ends at entrance to campus.
Highway Features traditional and contemporary Native American music.
Highway houses a collection of items as diverse as the people and the culture it represents.
Highway improvements strategically important to the national defense.
Highway includes city streets.
Highway includes street.
Highway includes streets.
Highway is a big, gentle black and white older male.
Highway is a smaller boy and is very sweet.
Highway is great.
Highway is necessary for their businesses to continue to be competitive.
Highway is now.
Highway is the centre for many local wineries with cellar door visits available.
Highway is the main transportation here.
Highway is used as a launch point for rescue and flood fighting efforts.
Highway is very likeable.
Highway isa road.
Highway looks pretty much better and buses provide more comfort by far.
Highway means any highway, road, street, or other public way, regardless of classification.
Highway means any public street, public alley or public road.
Highway means any public street, public alley, or public road.
Highway means something fast, important, for people in the know, on the go.
Highway needs to be closed.
Highway overpasses, a Creamy Whip and a roadside diner are treated as architectural works of art.
Highway passes over falls.
Highway passes through the campus.
Highway plays an effective role in short and long distance transportation.
Highway plays the chief role in transport in Tibet.
Highway provides access on the Kansas side.
Highway run along much of the coast.
Highway runs concurrently for teens.
Highway shrines commemorate victims of motor-vehicle crashes.
Highway signs direct visitors to the site.
Highway speeds on a hydraulic system are slow.
Highway use tax evasion projects .
Highway use tax evasion projects.
Highway use tax evasion projects.'.
Highways also influence economic development.
Highways are a huge problem in the Bronx.
Highways are a tangled mess of crumpled automobiles.
Highways are almost all two-lane and can be hazardous.
Highways are also a vital link for our tourism business.
Highways are among the most recent infrastructure systems to be privatized.
Highways are at almost total capacity.
Highways are boring.
Highways are chaotic.
Highways are common properties built and maintained by taxpayers' money.
Highways are community lifelines for people and businesses.
Highways are congested and skies are dirty from exhaust fumes.
Highways are everywhere.
Highways are federal, and the feds own the service stations, too.
Highways are for pilgrimage.
Highways are horrible.
Highways are important for economic reasons, but they have social value, too.
Highways are in good condition, and directional signs are often in English.
Highways are jammed.
Highways are located in atlases.
Highways are located in cities.
Highways are located in countries.
Highways are located in countrysides.
Highways are located in deserts.
Highways are located in developed lands.
Highways are located in repairs.
Highways are located in states.
Highways are made of asphalt.
Highways are near capacity now, and there are few plans afoot for new roads.
Highways are no better.
Highways are no exception.
Highways are nothing more than a necessary tool for today.
Highways are of three kinds, corridors, filter bridges, and sweepstake routes.
Highways are one of the most important links in the transportation system.
Highways are paved roads.
Highways are public properties.
Highways are roads.
Highways are scarce and present mainly in the east .
Highways are scarce and present mainly in the east.
Highways are still the Number One killer, and automobiles are a main source of pollution.
Highways are the arteries and veins of commerce and crucial to Iowa's economic growth.
Highways are the major government responsibility affecting the intermodal freight system.
Highways are the most heavily used mode of transportation for both personal and commercial travel.
Highways are the principal culprits, but rail can be, too.
Highways are toll roads and the price is expensive.
Highways are used for cars.
Highways are used for commuting.
Highways are used for drives.
Highways are used for driving.
Highways are used for movings.
Highways are used for speeding.
Highways are used for transportation.
Highways are used for travel.
Highways are used for traveling.
Highways are used for trucks.
Highways are well developed, and trucks reach remote villages.
Highways are well maintained and few driving problems are experienced.
Highways are well-developed for Latin America.
Highways are well-maintained for winter travel.
Highways are well-maintained for Winter travel.
Highways are wide roads.
Highways buys first North American serial rights and electronic rights.
Highways can adversely impact large carnivores such as black bears, cougars, and wolverines.
Highways can also be as simple as a two-lane road.
Highways can quickly get jammed when everyone is certain a hurricane is coming.
Highways choke life.
Highways come in all sorts of sizes, from country roads to interstate turnpikes.
Highways come in many different designs.
Highways connect our small towns and urban centers.
Highways connect some major cities and are clearly sign-posted.
Highways connect to neighboring cities and countries and are clearly sign-posted.
Highways connect Vienna with Graz, Salzburg, Innsbruck, and the German border.
Highways crisscross once-rural coastal counties as migration to the Sun Belt continues.
Highways crisscross Utah, carrying thousands of visitors throughout the West.
Highways emanate out from the city like spokes on a wheel.
Highways enable cars and trucks to move people and products easily and cheaply.
Highways form a key part of the nation's excellent transportation system.
Highways have (part) readsides.
Highways have (part) safety islands.
Highways have (part) safety isles.
Highways have (part) safety zones.
Highways have (part) traffic circles.
Highways have (part) traffic islands.
Highways have (part) traffic lanes.
Highways have also been privatized, so there are now more roads on which to pay tolls.
Highways have two important impacts on the economy.
Highways lead to major cities in every direction.
Highways lead to world-renown recreational and scenic areas only minutes or hours from town.
Highways leading to Mystic Lake are all major roads.
Highways link the country with Spain and France.
Highways link the port to provincial highway network.
Highways make it difficult to have an integrated transportation system.
Highways occupy more room than nature preserves in Germany.
Highways once bordered by pastureland now slice through acres of lake water like lonely causeways.
Highways once established continue until abandoned.
Highways present an unknown and dynamic environment with real-time constraints.
Highways provide access to land which enables the development of that land.
Highways provide the drivers eyes, which give billboards their value.
Highways run in two directions, and very often they seem to be running out of town.
Highways serve as a vital link in Wisconsin's transportation system.
Highways Shows major trails across the entire United States, highlighted in color.
Highways too are open to all.
Highways too vary in the degree of quality .
Highways traverse the desert and converge on Las Vegas from the major cities of the Southwest.
Highways use millions of pounds of grass seeds each year.
Highways often are obstacle courses, filled with broken glass and other debris.
Highways often parallel power lines and other sources of heavy radiation.
All highway miles on vehichle.
All highways have emergency phones.
All highways lead to the future, except the highways left behind.
Every highway has it's rest stops, rest areas and scenic views.
Many highways follow old Indian trails.
Many highways have rest stops and service areas.
Many highways lack adequate maintenance.
More highways mean more driving.
Most highways also charge tolls, France is notorious for highway tolls.
Most highways are in excellent condition, and directional signs are often in English.
Most highways are open year-round.
Some highways have flat bench cuts every few feet up the slope for stability.
Some highways have heavy traffic, remember that most everything moves by truck or bus.
Some highways prevent growth.
HIGP research includes studies of plate motions, plate boundaries, and hotspots.
HII regions are places where stars are now being born in our own galaxy.
HII regions are places where stars are now being born, in our own galaxy.
Hijack comes to a sticky end.
Hijack enters second week.
Hijack is such a harsh word.
Hijacks are crime.
A hijacker is a thief
Hijackers are criminals.
Hijackers are people.
Hijackers await negotiators' arrival.
Hijackers operate in the city, the suburbs and the rural areas.
Hijackers specialize in stealing goods in transit from trucks, trains and other commercial carriers.
Many hijackers are wholly serious in their intent.
A hijacking is a robbery
Hijacking allows commands can be transparently added to remote terminal sessions.
Hijacking carries the death penalty in Saudi Arabia.
Hijackings are comparatively rare.
Hijackings are human activities.
Hijackings go down.
Any hijacking is a crime.
Hijri date needs special formulas.
Hikari shares suffer a sharp correction.
All hike descriptions contain step by step directions.
A hike is a walk
Hike isa action.
Hike Spend a whole week hiking in Switzerland or Italy .
Hikes  sprain ankles.
Hikes  sweat.
Hikes  sweating.
Hikes  walks.
Hikes are age-appropriate and interactive.
Hikes are an excellent opportunity to develop young children's observation skills.
Hikes are at a recreational pace and last three to four hours.
Hikes are available for all age groups and ability levels.
Hikes are f ree to the public.
Hikes are fre e to the public.
Hikes are free.
Hikes are gentle to moderate.
Hikes are informal and slow-paced.
Hikes are moderate to strenuous.
Hikes are motivated by the goal of exercises.
Hikes are motivated by the goal of fresh air.
Hikes are motivated by the goal of fun.
Hikes are motivated by the goal of sore foots.
Hikes are motivated by the goal of walks.
Hikes are one half hour long.
Hikes are open to everyone.
Hikes are short or extensive.
Hikes are subject to change due to weather conditions.
Hikes are subject to change or cancellation due to weather conditions.
Hikes are usually local and about an hour long.
Hikes are usually on existing trails to campsites.
Hikes are very varied, mixing matchless beauty with legends and mysteries.
Hikes are walks.
Hikes begin behind the visitor centre.
Hikes can be easy, moderate or heavy-duty canyon crossings.
Hikes can be steep, but the pacing is generous, so most everyone can participate.
Hikes can include picnics, games, contests-even carnivals.
Hikes can take two to three hours, so be prepared with plenty of water.
Hikes can take two to three hours.
Hikes can vary from mild to strenuous and can also be hot and dry.
Hikes cater to all ages and all levels of physical activity, and include lunch or snack.
Hikes cover a wide variety of areas, including coastlines, mountains, forest, volcanos and more.
Hikes depart as arranged.
Hikes depart each evening at sunset from the Lodge.
Hikes depart every fifteen minutes, and reservations are required.
Hikes gradually increase in difficulty throughout the summer.
Hikes heading out from Onion Valley trailhead are true American classics.
Hikes here lead to fabulous views in all directions.
Hikes leave from the amphitheater.
Hikes proceed, rain or shine.
Hikes provide great opportunity.
Hikes provide opportunity.
Hikes range from a half hour to a full day and incorporate several climates.
Hikes range from a short, easy nature trail to a multi-night trip.
Hikes range from difficult to easy.
Hikes range from easy day trips to strenuous overnighters.
Hikes range from easy dayhikes to multi-day backpacks.
Hikes range from easy strolls to strenuous all-day treks with complete route descriptions.
Hikes range from easy to a challenge now and then.
Hikes range from easy to strenuous.
Hikes range from easy walking to advanced bouldering.
Hikes range from easy walks to scrambles.
Hikes range from five to seven miles and range from moderately difficult to strenuous.
Hikes range from five to seven miles and sometimes involve challenging terrain.
Hikes range from one to four hours, and are offered year round.
Hikes range from one to four hours.
Hikes range from short, easy walks to more difficult high peaks climbs.
Hikes range from the more challenging to the purely scenic or historical.
Hikes range in difficulty from moderate to strenuous.
Hikes start with stretchs.
Hikes take place around the country.
Hikes take places.
Hikes vary day to day.
Hikes vary from casual walks to scrambling up rock to the top of the hill.
Hikes vary from short walks to strenuous half-day hikes.
Hikes vary from strolls to sweaty workouts.
Hikes vary in degree of difficulty.
Hikes vary in length from two to eight miles.
All hikes allow for easy walking and good access to the marsh.
All hikes are easy and fast on relatively flat terrain.
All hikes are free and open to all ages.
All hikes are FREE and open to the general public.
All hikes are free, and open to the public.
All hikes are in Washington State.
All hikes are lead by our own experienced and knowledgeable guides.
All hikes are open to the public free of charge.
All hikes are optional.
All hikes are over rugged terrain.
All hikes have very detailed driving directions to the trailhead.
All hikes try to get to the destination is the fewest number of steps.
Every hike brings new and exciting discoveries.
Every hike differs in speeds and elevations, just like walking different trails each day.
Every hike is a calculated risk.
Many hikes add a second photo.
Many hikes are for only part of day.
Many hikes are suitable for entire families, young and old.
Most hikes are a half-day long, although a few last all day.
Most hikes are easy to moderate.
Most hikes are two to three hours long.
Most hikes begin just off the main road.
Most hikes contain a sketched map.
Most hikes follow the corridors of washes, or cross open expanses of slickrock.
Most hikes provide great opportunity.
Most hikes provide opportunity.
Most hikes take place on trails, rather than wholly on paved paths.
Most hikes take places.
Some hikes are accessible by public transportation, while other hikes are reached via carpooling.
Some hikes are easy, some are more difficult.
Some hikes are possible without a guide especially if trails become familiar.
Some hikes are strenuous and involve long uphill stretches.
Some hikes are suitable for strollers.
Some hikes require advance registration.
Some hikes require ropes.
Some hikes require safety ropes.
Some hikes take the visitor into a mix of primary forest, secondary forest and agricultural land.
A hiker is a footer
Hiker isa traveler.
Hiker isa traveller.
Hikers above can kick down rocks.
Hikers also can build their own landmarks by making small piles of rocks.
Hikers also can opt for an easier one-mile stroll around the lake itself.
Hikers appreciate the natural trails which weave their way toward the marsh and around the ponds.
Hikers are a vocal minority of public land users.
Hikers are able to observe firsthand a variety of wildlife, often including endangered species.
Hikers are also at the mercy of forest fires.
Hikers are also welcome to hike the many other wilderness trails in the area.
Hikers are also welcome.
Hikers are always happy to share equipment and advice.
Hikers are always hungry.
Hikers are always welcome.
Hikers are another group locked out of mountains and looking for alternatives to trespassing.
Hikers are eligible for medals and patches.
Hikers are free to walk at their own pace.
Hikers are good people.
Hikers are hobbyists.
Hikers are like that- courteous but unwavering.
Hikers are likeliest to spot beaver, deer or porcupine, however.
Hikers are likely to encounter elk in the open alpine bowls along the divide.
Hikers are located in forests.
Hikers are pedestrians.
Hikers are rare and visibility good.
Hikers are ready for their big adventure .
Hikers are responsible for getting to and from the trailhead.
Hikers are welcome at the summit at no charge.
Hikers are welcome for the first or second week or both.
Hikers are welcome to attend.
Hikers are welcome to explore the trails on the property, but are reminded to respect fence lines.
Hikers are welcome to jump in for a dip.
Hikers are welcome to pitch own tents.
Hikers are welcome to pitch tents.
Hikers are welcome to pitch their tents.
Hikers are welcome, but they make their own paths.
Hikers are well catered for in Norway.
Hikers are workers.
Hikers be aware that the banks of the Prophet River are unstable and can be potentially dangerous.
Hikers begin the hike adjacent to the east entrance of the mile long tunnel in the Park.
Hikers beware of bears.
Hikers board a boat for their return trip across Jenny Lake.
Hikers break their legs.
Hikers bring a sack lunch, as do sunset hikers.
Hikers can access trails only by paying user fees.
Hikers can also keep their pack animals from going to the bathroom too close to water sources.
Hikers can also walk around the impoundments.
Hikers can also walk the circumference of the island and discover other stunning beaches.
Hikers can be mere savages.
Hikers can carry picnics in days packs and enjoy lunch along one of the many park trails.
Hikers can choose between two well-marked trails.
Hikers can choose from four trails ranging from one and a half mile treks to just over three miles.
Hikers can choose from gentle nature walks to rugged mountain trails.
Hikers can choose from six different trails to explore the parks natural wonders.
Hikers can climb the hills to stand on the glaciers that remain today in the park.
Hikers can climb to the top of Table Mountain.
Hikers can collect extra firewood from the 'ou hout' trees that have died out.
Hikers can collect extra firewood from the ou hout trees that have died out.
Hikers can come any time of year to enjoy the D bener Heath.
Hikers can continue past the end of the road.
Hikers can continue past tile end of the road.
Hikers can cross private property with impunity, cautioned only to look out for unfriendly bulls.
Hikers can discover much the same experience on the ground.
Hikers can discover numerous mountain trails and desert canyons.
Hikers can discover the backcountry via several trail systems.
Hikers can discover the park's backcountry via several trail systems.
Hikers can easily lose themselves here for weeks of exploration.
Hikers can easily pick their way down through the jumbled rocks.
Hikers can enjoy a scenic trail that parallels the lake shore.
Hikers can enjoy a wide view of the county from on top of the mountain.
Hikers can enjoy both ski and snowmobile trails.
Hikers can enjoy day trips or find campsites in the mountains.
Hikers can enjoy five trails within the park.
Hikers can enjoy miles of beaches on both the Maryland and Virginia sides of the island.
Hikers can enjoy the many scenic loops, including a self-guided nature loop.
Hikers can enjoy the pinks and whites of azalea, mountain laurel, and dogwood in spring.
Hikers can enjoy the scenery along the three mile trail.
Hikers can expect to meet some horses.
Hikers can experience unbroken forest land, hawks, foxes and mountain laurel.
Hikers can explore ancient Indian ruins and old mining towns.
Hikers can explore the monster cedar snag, stumps and valley floor marshes.
Hikers can find both company and solitude along the way.
Hikers can find many more trails criss-crossing the woods and ridges nearby.
Hikers can find two trails, each two miles long.
Hikers can follow a nature trail around it.
Hikers can follow a ridge for nearly two miles with continuous views in all directions.
Hikers can follow stone pathways bounded on both sides by lush jungle up to the Bai.
Hikers can follow the coastal trail inland and view flamingos resting in a natural salt pond.
Hikers can follow the trails to see some of the most beautiful scenery on earth.
Hikers can follow the wash or scramble on the sandstone hills.
Hikers can follow trails through stands of wind-sculpted pines.
Hikers can get handheld receivers that track their location as they trek.
Hikers can get one permit to cross ranch land, and another to enter the state forest.
Hikers can get trail info and the lastest updates on volcanic activity are posted.
Hikers can get trail maps at the park headquarters.
Hikers can go for a long way along the forest floor before they can see above the treetops.
Hikers can go up one way and down another for an exhilarating loop.
Hikers can have internal frame packs.
Hikers can head for the mountains in the north and northwest of the country.
Hikers can help prevent trail damage by staying on the trail and obeying closure signs.
Hikers can join in for a day, or for the entire length of the state.
Hikers can join one or all of the hikes.
Hikers can observe an abundance of prairie plants and wildlife.
Hikers can observe the flora and wildlife present on the coastal plain.
Hikers can often see seals, whales and shorebirds.
Hikers can only enter the wetland area on foot.
Hikers can pick and choose trails from one of the country's richest trail systems.
Hikers can pick their way across, but the trail is in poor shape beyond.
Hikers can reach the top of the ledges by using a foot trail.
Hikers can reserve spaces in three overnight shelters along the way.
Hikers can return on a series of well-marked trails, or take the shuttle.
Hikers can see the river change from a placid stream to raging rapids.
Hikers can see the stream racing down a rock chute, swirl through the tub and race downstream.
Hikers can simply descend, or use the summit as the beginning of a journey of days or weeks.
Hikers can start out as soon as they unload their stuff.
Hikers can still pan gold out of the muddy Potomac River.
Hikers can stop overnight at shelters along the route.
Hikers can stumble outside in the dark and fall to their death or serious injury.
Hikers can tackle three maintained trails to the top of the mountain.
Hikers can take a more active approach and enjoy the many trails that wind among the spires.
Hikers can traipse over five miles of trails.
Hikers can trek for days without encountering tourists.
Hikers can tromp about in the nature study area.
Hikers can turn back and take the same route down.
Hikers can use a fire blanket, heavy aluminum foil or whatever works in containing the fire.
Hikers can use a hand-held GPS to find their position.
Hikers can use all trails any day.
Hikers can view the wild Rogue River from numerous vantage points along the trail.
Hikers can view the wildlife along wooded trails.
Hikers can walk about three miles of trails in the park.
Hikers can walk through the gorge and around the rim.
Hikers can wander along miles of trails across chaparral covered hills.
Hikers can wander through pine forests, bottomland hardwoods, boggy sloughs, and upland forests.
Hikers carry all their gear, so weight is important.
Hikers choose one of two circuits today.
Hikers climb on verdant hills where spring wildflowers bloom and butterflies abound.
Hikers come next, and mountain bikers yield to both.
Hikers come to scale the sides of volcanoes or trek up the mountains for the view.
Hikers coming up the trail have the right of way.
Hikers cutting across switchbacks can trample down vegetation which holds topsoil in place.
Hikers drink water.
Hikers enjoy a variety of nearby trails.
Hikers enjoy a wealth of trails from easygoing to challenging.
Hikers enjoy going up the rocky road and then scaling the cliff near the lighthouse.
Hikers enjoy hiking and they absolutely hate being weighed down by unnecessary supplies.
Hikers enjoy miles of hiking trails.
Hikers enjoy the expansive shoreline along Lake Superior.
Hikers enjoy trails like tablelands and stream-side trails to impressive tropical swimming holes.
Hikers enjoy visiting all the islands.
Hikers explore the amphitheater that has been created by the falls.
Hikers feel threatened because they are barreling down the hill.
Hikers find a variety of possibilies.
Hikers find an ever-increasing number of trails around the lakes.
Hikers find large footprints.
Hikers find the cooler morning and evening hours a more pleasant time for a stroll around the rim.
Hikers find themselves in a cirque-like natural amphitheater with steep cliffs.
Hikers flock to the trails and the forests that carpet the state.
Hikers follow adventure trails, drinking in the sparkling air.
Hikers follow ancient pathways when they walk in Grapevine Canyon.
Hikers follow trails that criss-cross the woods.
Hikers follow trails.
Hikers ford the stream once, using some well-placed rocks to make the crossing.
Hikers hang their food high off the gound to protect it from bears.
Hikers have (part) arms.
Hikers have (part) body substances.
Hikers have (part) cell membranes.
Hikers have (part) cells.
Hikers have (part) corpi.
Hikers have (part) cytoplasm.
Hikers have (part) heads.
Hikers have (part) human bodies.
Hikers have (part) legs.
Hikers have (part) material bodies.
Hikers have (part) necks.
Hikers have (part) nuclei.
Hikers have (part) personality.
Hikers have (part) plasma membranes.
Hikers have (part) sections.
Hikers have (part) vacuoles.
Hikers have a good selection of trails to choose from.
Hikers have a long record of building and maintaining footpaths in Pennsylvania.
Hikers have a monopoly on mileage, despite the fact that they are no more environmentally sensitive.
Hikers have an opportunity to reach views of the Tn River that are breathtaking and serene.
Hikers have right of way.
Hikers have several trails to choose from.
Hikers have the chance of possibly seeing deer, wild turkeys, as well as a multitude of song birds.
Hikers have the opportunity to witness ongoing commercial forestry activities.
Hikers have to have all necessary equipment and food.
Hikers have to provide own food and sleeping bags.
Hikers have two options to view the Twin Arches.
Hikers head down the narrow path to the local pub.
Hikers head for the foothills of the North Cascades.
Hikers here can expect a good degree of solitude.
Hikers know how easy it can be to take the wrong path.
Hikers know that the winter landscape has a different beauty when cloaked in snow.
Hikers leave trail reports, personal opions about particular trails, etc.
Hikers leaving the confines of the city are often surprised to find mud, snow and ice on the trails.
Hikers let their dogs run free ignoring the posted leash requirements.
Hikers look for objects that begin with the letters of the alphabet.
Hikers looking for a spectacular view can head up to Point Lookout.
Hikers love the shade and incredible views of the lake.
Hikers love the trails through the cool forests of pine, fur and spruce at the mountain summit.
Hikers make day trips.
Hikers make their way through a narrow slot of polished rock.
Hikers make trips.
Hikers never refuse food.
Hikers never think in terms of miles alone, but always in terms of miles plus elevation gain.
Hikers normally see it sticking up above the ground on long stems with bunches of white flowers.
Hikers now have more choice in the marketplace, as more foreign brands move into the China market.
Hikers now ply the farthest reaches of national parks, accompanied by the ring of cell phones.
Hikers occasionally spot the turtles basking on a log in the park s freshwater swamp ponds.
Hikers pack down the snow.
Hikers pack the snow, so there is often more ice on the trail than beside it.
Hikers particularly can absorb nature's bounty as they roam the area.
Hikers pass through alpine areas.
Hikers pass through areas.
Hikers pass through fragile alpine areas.
Hikers pass through fragile areas.
Hikers pass through several ecological zones to a rare dwarf forest where trees appear stunted.
Hikers pass through terrain ranging from sagebrush flats to rugged mountain peaks.
Hikers provide all own necessities.
Hikers reach destinations.
Hikers require a gallon or more per day as they sweat and respire water and water vapor.
Hikers require one gallon per day per person.
Hikers respond to the beckoning riverside trail.
Hikers rest there, eat lunch, sunbathe and view their reward, the beauty of the falls.
Hikers roam thousands of miles of West Virginia's trails each year.
Hikers run across countless squirrels, bugs and an occasional deer.
Hikers select paths.
Hikers share the bike trail and the fantastic thing for many is that dogs are welcome.
Hikers share the trail with horses.
Hikers shed their gear and donned goggles to explore.
Hikers sleep in the open under the overhang or in the traditional wattle and daub rooms.
Hikers solicit pledges with many prizes being awarded for the level of funds achieved.
Hikers soon discover why.
Hikers start at sunrise, end at sundown.
Hikers start early too.
Hikers start from different locations and meet on top of peak for lunch.
Hikers start from different locations and meet on top of the peak for lunch.
Hikers stay in mountain huts and rustic hotels.
Hikers stop along the way to observe petroglyphs and sugar-mill ruins.
Hikers surprise grizzlies on trail.
Hikers take breaks.
Hikers take reroute.
Hikers taste like range-fed chicken.
Hikers travel up the mountainside in darkness to reach the summit just in time to greet the sunrise.
Hikers traveling alone are at greater risk of attack.
Hikers use farm roads and a short trail near refuge headquarters.
Hikers use portable silver-based water purification systems for drinking water.
Hikers use snowmobile trails in the warm months.
Hikers use the park's wooded trails and park roads.
Hikers visiting recent burn areas are at risk, however.
Hikers walk along paths lined by abundant wild orchids.
Hikers walk along the Virgin River as it meanders out of the Zion Narrows.
Hikers walk in single file.
Hikers Walk single file on the right when being passed.
Hikers walk through high country swamps filled with quaking aspens and skunk cabbage.
Hikers walk with a wary tread.
Hikers wearing water-resistant shoes can see the beaver dike up close.
Hikers wishing to backpack can plot their own routes and distances from one base camp to the other.
Hikers yield to horses.
Hikers frequently see javelina, gray fox, and sometimes even black bears.
Hikers frequently stop at a country diner after a long hike.
Hikers often encounter wild burros and bighorn sheep.
Hikers often make the assumption they have more rights to mountain trails than bikers.
Hikers often see ground squirrels, rabbits,coyotes, and mule deer.
Hikers often see white-tailed deer, mule deer and wild turkeys.
Hikers sometimes find sites while out exploring.
Hikers usually carpool from the meeting places to trailheads and back.
Hikers usually hire a guide and a mule or two to carry their packs.
All hikers are responsible for their own safety.
All hikers are to be encouraged to carry a whistle and know the code - see below.
All hikers know it as a body-saving relief from the unbroken sun of canyon summer.
All hikers owe it to themselves to get out and work on trails.
All hikers use the towpath to return.
Any hiker knows the most important tool to take on a journey is a compass.
Every hiker has different habits, needs and tastes.
Every hiker is unique.
Many hikers are allergic to posion ivy, which is prominent on some trails.
Many hikers are very fit and use the trail for fitness training.
Many hikers avoid stepping on it, knowing how fragile it is.
Many hikers carry a firearm for protection from bears, but attacks are uncommon.
Many hikers carry snake bite kits, which are available at most sporting goods stores.
Many hikers describe the trailside views as panoramic, magnificent and breathtaking.
Many hikers employ a combination of the two methods.
Many hikers hoping to spot a wisent in the wild are likely to be disappointed.
Many hikers leave personal belongings in the hall, realizing they are overpacked for the journey.
Many hikers like to take the southern part of the circuit only, which is spectacular.
Many hikers mistake gopher snakes for rattlesnakes.
Many hikers practice trail maintenance and help keep motorized vehicles out of the park.
Many hikers prefer to sleep in the shelters along the trail.
Many hikers put their bottles in an outside compartment.
Many hikers recommend wearing a thin sock, especially polypropylene, beneath a heavy hiking sock.
Many hikers rest here briefly.
Many hikers swear by backcountry baking.
Many hikers take up smoking.
Many hikers travel river and creek drainages, ridges, and animal trails.
Many hikers tuck their pants in their socks to keep ticks from crawling up their legs.
Many hikers use a type of backpacker stove when an open fire is needed.
Many hikers visit the wilderness seeking solitude, peace and quiet and to listen to natures sounds.
Most hikers access Horseshoe Canyon from a trailhead before the Maze District.
Most hikers allow five days to make the entire trek.
Most hikers also carry a lightweight pair of shoes to wear in camp and while in towns.
Most hikers also carry a nylon pack cover for use during wet weather.
Most hikers also carry a simple first aid kit, flashlight, pocket knife, candle and matches .
Most hikers are day hikers or weekend overnight hikers.
Most hikers carry just the basics, though some get really extravagant.
Most hikers carry water purification filters or chemicals.
Most hikers come into the parks from the south.
Most hikers drink water.
Most hikers enter the national park from trailheads along the North Cascades Highway .
Most hikers enter the national park from trailheads along the North Cascades Highway.
Most hikers follow it for just a few miles before turning around.
Most hikers gasp at the view and return to their cars.
Most hikers hike from shelter to shelter stringing together many hiking days at a time.
Most hikers link up with others to camp however.
Most hikers make a lookout their destination rather than the true summits.
Most hikers make day trips.
Most hikers make trips.
Most hikers park their cars at the trailhead, throw on their packs and head out on the trail.
Most hikers pass through alpine areas.
Most hikers pass through areas.
Most hikers pass through fragile alpine areas.
Most hikers pass through fragile areas.
Most hikers pitch a tent or sleep under the stars at their campsite.
Most hikers reach destinations.
Most hikers return as they came.
Most hikers select foods that prepare easily and quickly with a minimum of cooking time.
Most hikers spend the second night camping atop the ridge, cooking dinner and admiring the view.
Most hikers take an hour out for a swim here before heading back.
Most hikers take breaks.
Most hikers use a water filter, and some use chemicals such as iodine or bleach.
Most hikers use what is called the layering system.
Some hikers agree that the store has been dealt a bad rap.
Some hikers are very happy with their zip-on legs for their pants.
Some hikers carry flip-flops or shower shoes.
Some hikers carry instant stuffing to add to meals.
Some hikers choose to do a lot of bushwhacking, others choose to follow a lot of roads.
Some hikers choose to overnight here, and others just use the spot for a lunch stop.
Some hikers describe it as a tea cup handle.
Some hikers do it before their hike, others do it after.
Some hikers encounter black bears.
Some hikers even carry extra bags for storing trash left by others.
Some hikers feel symptoms.
Some hikers follow in footstep.
Some hikers have meals.
Some hikers have packs.
Some hikers have problems with blisters until their feet and boots are broken in.
Some hikers leave trails.
Some hikers like to travel super-light.
Some hikers never make it.
Some hikers object to the presence of bicyclists for esthetic reasons as well as safety concerns.
Some hikers opt to use a water purifer filter that can be found in a pump.
Some hikers park their vehicles in the meadow to avoid getting their feet wet.
Some hikers possess horses.
Some hikers prefer panel-loading bags, accessible by zipper openings.
Some hikers prefer purification tablets.
Some hikers say the most impressive scenery is in the first mile.
Some hikers seem to underestimate the difficulty of the trail and the terrain it traverses.
Some hikers simply run out of steam and spend the night on the mountain.
Some hikers swear by pepper spray and say it deters aggressive bears.
Some hikers throw their tent down any old place.
Some hikers use bells for noise.
Some hikers use it as a mud bath, which can be a relaxing treat after backpacking.
Some hikers wear gaiters to prevent seeds and other things from getting entwined in their socks.
Many hiking boots use board lasting.
Hiking paths lace through the sand dune uplands and gypsum soils.
Hiking poles are highly recommended.
Hiking sticks are a necessity, both for balance and for detecting deep spots in the muddy river.
Hiking sticks are extremely useful when steping from stone to stone when crossing a small creek.
Hiking trails abound and several lists and trail maps are available throughout the area.
Hiking trails abound for the closer investigation of a variety of plant communities.
Hiking trails abound here, and the area is available for private parties and special evening events.
Hiking trails abound in all parts of the county.
Hiking trails abound in the area and even when full, it is still quiet.
Hiking trails abound in the five state parks as well as in many of the smaller county parks.
Hiking trails abound just a short distance away.
Hiking trails abound throughout the Canaan Valley and nearby vicinity.
Hiking trails abound throughout the island with spectacular views of the neighboring grenadines.
Hiking trails abound.
Hiking trails access backcountry areas where quiet streams and lakes harbor fishermens dreams.
Hiking trails access the river above and below the bridge.
Hiking trails afford access to many smaller streams for anglers who prefer solitude.
Hiking trails afford solitude with lakeside and streamside views.
Hiking trails are abundant, event within the city.
Hiking trails are abundant.
Hiking trails are accessable from the top once the snow melts.
Hiking trails are accessible for strollers and wheelchairs.
Hiking trails are accessible from the designated pullouts and parking areas.
Hiking trails are also available in nearby South Woods, a native woodland area.
Hiking trails are also available in the woods.
Hiking trails are also available to take advantage of the spectacular scenery.
Hiking trails are also nearby.
Hiking trails are aplenty here.
Hiking trails are at the doorstep and an eagle nest is above the house.
Hiking trails are available for visitors to explore on their own.
Hiking trails are available on the park grounds.
Hiking trails are available that are accessible by wheelchair.
Hiking trails are available underground and above ground.
Hiking trails are available.
Hiking trails are close by.
Hiking trails are close to the Inn, and golf courses and swimming pools are only a short drive away.
Hiking trails are for pedestrians only.
Hiking trails are free.
Hiking trails are generally open all year.
Hiking trails are in abundance , some alongside the ocean and others that climb the hills inland.
Hiking trails are in abundance.
Hiking trails are located in forests.
Hiking trails are located in state parks.
Hiking trails are long, steep, remote and abundant.
Hiking trails are moderately difficult, but short.
Hiking trails are mostly moderate with some very scenic vantage points.
Hiking trails are near major recreation areas.
Hiking trails are nearby and use old logging roads.
Hiking trails are nearby as well.
Hiking trails are nearby, and three major public wildlife refuges are within a short five.
Hiking trails are nearby.
Hiking trails are numerous in the canal area parks.
Hiking trails are numerous, many leading to a secluded lake where fishing becomes a real joy.
Hiking trails are on the campground.
Hiking trails are open at all times for visitors on foot.
Hiking trails are open daily dawn to dusk.
Hiking trails are open every day, dawn to dusk.
Hiking trails are open from sunrise to sunset every day.
Hiking trails are open to the public.
Hiking trails are open year round.
Hiking trails are open year-round.
Hiking trails are open, but still wet in some areas.
Hiking trails are open, but trail surfaces are wet and soft.
Hiking trails are plentiful and many companies lead organized expeditions.
Hiking trails are plentiful through the national forest.
Hiking trails are plentiful.
Hiking trails are quiet and peaceful.
Hiking trails are spectacular.
Hiking trails are the facilities needed to enjoy it.
Hiking trails are undeveloped and unmarked.
Hiking trails are well marked and cater to all.
Hiking trails are well marked and range from easy to more challenging.
Hiking trails begin at our door.
Hiking trails begin at the end of major streets.
Hiking trails begin nearby.
Hiking trails branch off in several directions from the parking area.
Hiking trails cater for the fit and energetic as well as strollers who, prefer to take things easy.
Hiking trails circle the lake.
Hiking trails circle the shoreline.
Hiking trails connect the shelter houses and wind through native prairies and woodlands.
Hiking trails connect to a larger greenbelt area.
Hiking trails criss-cross the campus.
Hiking trails criss-cross the mountain, along with meadows full of wildflowers.
Hiking trails criss-cross the national park allowing the creation of custom routes.
Hiking trails draw visitors to the canyon, as do two large ski resorts.
Hiking trails end at the river bottom.
Hiking trails exist throughout the monument and most are marked with rock cairns.
Hiking trails explore the forest.
Hiking trails explore the park.
Hiking trails follow the shoreline and lead to hidden coves.
Hiking trails give access to sculpted, tree-covered canyons under immense blue skies.
Hiking trails give access to the dry forest covering tops and slopes.
Hiking trails go completely around the lake, although they follow roads for part of the journey.
Hiking trails interlace the entire property.
Hiking trails involve varying degrees of difficulty.
Hiking trails lace the county from end to end.
Hiking trails lead around the lake, accessing trails to many other lakes and streams.
Hiking trails lead from beyond the pool area.
Hiking trails lead from the cabin to the creek and beyond.
Hiking trails lead from the summit to the base.
Hiking trails lead into the backcountry for a closer look at the geology, flora, and fauna.
Hiking trails lead into the forest.
Hiking trails lead into the green hills flanking the resort.
Hiking trails lead north along the lakeshore.
Hiking trails lead off in many directions and vary in degree of effort required.
Hiking trails lead past forested land, a bog, a swamp and a rock cliff.
Hiking trails lead to a number of other ruins.
Hiking trails lead to good viewing places.
Hiking trails lead to lake fishing and boiling tidal pools viewpoints.
Hiking trails lead to neighbouring villages where the local specialities can be sampled.
Hiking trails lead to pristine mountain lakes, Heart Lake and Upper Castle Lake.
Hiking trails lead to smaller lakes and the high country.
Hiking trails lead to some beautiful overlooks and waterfalls.
Hiking trails lead to the lake where there is over a half a mile of natural shoreline.
Hiking trails lead to the top of the canyon.
Hiking trails lead to views of the canyon and abandoned gold mines.
Hiking trails lead to vistas, historic sites, unique geology and plant life.
Hiking trails lead visitors into the heart of the blast zone.
Hiking trails leave from the lodge.
Hiking trails located in other areas of the park can be slippery and muddy during wet weather.
Hiking trails make the entire lake accesible on foot.
Hiking trails meander around the golf course and descend the cliffs to sandy beaches and tide pools.
Hiking trails meander through the wooded area in the north portion of the park.
Hiking trails offer a closer look at the park.
Hiking trails offer glimpses of ducks, geese, and other shore birds.
Hiking trails offer scenic appeal and exciting canyoneering.
Hiking trails offer scenic views of the area and there is a spacious campground.
Hiking trails offer tremendous views.
Hiking trails open dawn until dusk.
Hiking trails parallel some of the route.
Hiking trails pass old iron ore mining pits and a replica of an early American Indian encampment.
Hiking trails provide access to most of the park.
Hiking trails provide easy hiking with only short stretches of steep inclines.
Hiking trails provide spectacular views of the surrounding landscape.
Hiking trails provide the only access and afford spectacular views of the Hudson Valley.
Hiking trails provide wheelchair access.
Hiking trails range from easy and moderate to more difficult.
Hiking trails range from easy strolls to challenging backcountry excursions.
Hiking trails range from easy walks to more adventurous mountain trekking.
Hiking trails retrace historic roadways.
Hiking trails run along the rim and down into the amphitheaters.
Hiking trails run through the area, and visitors delight at the wildlife and vegetation.
Hiking trails run through the center of town and are clearly marked and labeled with colored signs.
Hiking trails run through the park, which has an admission fee on the weekends.
Hiking trails serve as cross-country ski trails in winter.
Hiking trails show the beauty of the large old-growth trees and the river.
Hiking trails start at our campus and go on for miles.
Hiking trails start at the camp and lead past waterfalls to alpine lakes.
Hiking trails start at the campus and go on for miles.
Hiking trails start from here, and there is a swimming pond.
Hiking trails surround the property.
Hiking trails take visitors through soothing green ferns and forest to the tops of both falls.
Hiking trails totaling six miles provide visitors an excellent look at the park's natural features.
Hiking trails traverse prairie, woodland, or wetlands.
Hiking trails traverse the property and wildlife is in abundance.
Hiking trails vary from simple one-mile jaunts to challenging hikes of more than seven miles.
Hiking trails vary from very steep to fairly level.
Hiking trails vary in length and difficulty.
Hiking trails wander throughout.
Hiking trails weave through the hills, under and around cliffs.
Hiking trails weave through the woods and over the dunes.
Hiking trails weave throughout the dunes and primitive and developed campsites are available.
Hiking trails wend their way through almost the entire site.
Hiking trails wind around the rocks.
Hiking trails wind endlessly through pristine terrain.
Hiking trails wind through a deep valley in the hills, a short drive from downtown Austin.
Hiking trails wind through five major ecosystems.
Hiking trails wind through park and around the lake.
Hiking trails wonder through hardwood hammocks past ponds, cypress swamps and sinkholes.
All hiking trails are for foot traffic only.
All hiking trails are open.
Many hiking trails begin at the falls.
Many hiking trails feature lean-tos and campsites built by the site or by various hiking clubs.
Many hiking trails lead through the quiet mountain world offering glorious views.
Many hiking trails made by miners of the old days crisscorss the countryside.
Many hiking trails offer a great way to view the natural beauty of the mountain.
Many hiking trails provide access for hiking, cross country skiing, and bird study.
Most hiking trails are also open to mountain bike use.
Most hiking trails are available for biking as well.
Most hiking trails are in the central California area.
Most hiking trails are open throughout the winter.
Most hiking trails contain a healthy supply of rocks and boulders.
Some hiking trails are accessible, providing asphalt surfaces, appropriate grades and good views.
Some hiking trails are open year around.
Some hiking trails cover rough or rocky terrain that can easily twist an ankle or stub a toe.
Hikings  drink water.
Hikings  good shoes.
Hikings are athletic activities.
Hikings are outdoor activities.
Hikings are recreational activities.
Hikings are used for adventures.
Hikings are used for campers.
Hikings are used for exercises.
Hikings are used for fun.
Hikings are used for health.
Hikings cause adventures.
Hikings cause blisters.
Hikings cause cramp.
Hikings cause exercises.
Hikings cause fatigue.
Hikings cause physical exertion.
Hikings cause smiles.
Hikings cause sweating.
Hikings cause tireds.
Hilar adenopathy is also present.
Hilar adenopathy is common.
Hilar adenopathy is usually absent.
Hilar lymphadenopathy is apparent.
Hilarious animations abound.
Hilarious complication abound.
Hilarious complications abound.
Hilarious illustrations depict the incongruous consequences of animals in clothes.
Hilarious illustrations point out the humor in even the sorriest situations.
Hilarious lists poke fun at topical news items.
Hilarious lyrics spread joyful excitement.
Hilarious redemption covers all aspects.
Hilarious voices ice the cake.
A hilarity is happiness
Hilarity abounds as the evening progresses.
Hilarity abounds to the very gut splitting end.
Hilarity is a chief offender.
Hilarity presumably ensues.
Hilarity often ensues.
Hilary duff is the great new starring actress of the new disney show lizzie mcguire.
Hill City has a business manager vacancy.
Hill City has three different areas for use as their nature area.
Hill City is located in Northwestern Kansas.
Hill City is similar to Keystone, shops, souvineers and liquid refreshments.
Hill County has the largest county park in the United States.
Hill people are hardy and diligent.
Hill towns are a vital slice of the Italian pizza crumbly crust with a thick gooey culture.
Some hill tribes believe that killing a tapir brings bad luck.
A hill is elevation
Hill deploys in the center usually just in time to plug a hole in the abatis line.
Hill farming currently provides a precarious income for some.
Hill isa formation.
Hill walking is also advisable in preparation.
Hills also shows that the mass in neutron stars is probably negligible.
Hills also starts at the point for the varsity basketball team.
Hills appear steeper than they actually are.
Hills are a challenge.
Hills are a component always included in daily runs.
Hills are a lighter shading than the plain.
Hills are a way of life.
Hills are also an easy way to add intensity.
Hills are also great.
Hills are every.
Hills are everywhere.
Hills are frequent and often difficult.
Hills are generally long with a small incline or decline.
Hills are great for a maximum heartrate test.
Hills are ground.
Hills are hard to do for just beginning.
Hills are high ground.
Hills are higher ground.
Hills are hills, no matter where they are.
Hills are homes to some animals.
Hills are inclines.
Hills are just a maze, but it can be tough.
Hills are just long enough to be lung burners.
Hills are located in countries.
Hills are located in countrysides.
Hills are located in forests.
Hills are located in landscapes.
Hills are located in parks.
Hills are located in valleys.
Hills are manmade.
Hills are natural things.
Hills are nowhere to be found and water drains at a snail's pace, if at all.
Hills are often a source of frustration to drivers when the roads are snow covered.
Hills are often the eroded remains of mountains.
Hills are online warrior tournaments.
Hills are out, too.
Hills are prominent in the southwestern sections.
Hills are sometimes quite steep.
Hills are talls.
Hills are the best for offensive artillery at long range and defense in general.
Hills are thyme and rosemary scented.
Hills are to the west with a long stretch of quiet beach to the east.
Hills are used for climbing.
Hills are used for climbs.
Hills can be cold in winter.
Hills can increase or decrease the range.
Hills come in many sizes from small and flat to high and rolling.
Hills currently occupies a large space in the north end of the building.
Hills end in minutes.
Hills faces more significant time on a charge of possession with intent to distribute heroin.
Hills firmly doubts the presence of any toxins in the wastewater.
Hills Give place and honour.
Hills give way to mountains in the background.
Hills have (part) hillsides.
Hills have climates.
Hills have moderate climates.
Hills just shoot up from the Pacific and there are some stunning views.
Hills look steeper.
Hills maintain a lasting grip on runners.
Hills offers ample greens that can be difficult to putt from the wrong area.
Hills only go up.
Hills oxidize gold.
Hills proposes a full reading of the racial complexities and social ramifications of each painting.
Hills provide room for developing tubers to expand and prevent greening by the sun.
Hills rise and drop away on either side.
Hills rise and fall all around, but the water surface strikes an absolute level through the jumble.
Hills rise into mountains that rise into jagged peaks.
Hills rise just a few hundred feet above the surrounding countryside.
Hills rise like souffles, and then fall just as quickly.
Hills rise on both sides of the Jordan.
Hills rise out of plains criss-crossed by small rivers.
Hills rise several thousand meters on either side.
Hills rise sharply on either side.
Hills roll gently into the distance and disappear into the light mist.
Hills roll up and down.
Hills settle down, wrapped in their blankets of loam.
Hills stretches the material, forming the hat into a bonnet shape.
Hills sue for invasion of privacy.
Hills surrounding intersections can also block sight lines for vehicles and pedestrians.
Hills take on purple and yellow hue.
All hills offer a range of ability and budget, and offer season's and weekly passes.
Every hill brings a rush, even without skis.
Every hill has a down side, of course, and that's where tandems really pick up speed.
Many hill tops feature tee-pee rings, village ruins, medicine wheels, and buffalo jumps.
Many hills are steepest at the bottom and flatten out near the top.
Many hills emerge from water like islands.
Many hills look more like huge termite mounds .
Most hills are difficult due to technical terrain more than grade.
Most hills have climates.
Most hills have moderate climates.
Some hills are complex, with secondary southern axes parallel to an earlier southerly glacial flow.
Some hills are covered with long narrow steps called terracettes.
Some hills are high.
Some hills are just great piles of stones.
Some hills are long and steep.
Some hills are pretty steep.
Some hills are quite steep.
Some hills are short and suitable to the hill novice.
Some hills are too steep to climb.
Some hills charge an hourly rate for skiing beyond an eight-hour pass.
Some hills have more strategic importance than others.
Some hills look on like icons.
Some hills surround tips.
Some hills surround tracks.
A hillbilly is a common man
Hillbillies are easier to understand.
Hillbillies are more universal.
Hillbillies gather ripe wild plums for fresh fruit as well as fine jams and jellies.
Most hillbillies only get to fish with dynamite.
Hillcrest residents enjoy a cafeteria and pool on the first floor.
All Hillcrest students are bussed.
Hillcrest teachers are in their second year of the program.
Hillforest members are free.
Hillier notes that there is a similar trend in corporate facilities.
Hillsborough figures are unavailable.
Hillside roads intersect surface and subsurface flows.
A hillside is a slope
Hillside charges when a supplemental water facilities improvement benefit district exists.
Hillside farming on terraces greatly reduces water erosion of soil.
Hillside graduates matriculate to both public and private schools.
Hillside isa incline.
Hillside isa slope.
Hillsides are a good place for a small amphitheater.
Hillsides are excellent spots to place drifts of bulbs.
Hillsides are our specialty with minimum disturbance.
Hillsides are part of hills.
Hillsides are slopes.
Hillsides are steep and the summits of most mountains are rounded.
Hillsides are very steep and become impossibly muddy in the rainy season.
Hillsides can be vertical.
Hillsides can create a microclimate too.
Hillsides erode, trees fall down and signs change.
Hillsides turn green, flowers bloom and migrating species return.
Hillsides often remain frost free until a more severe frost occurs.
Some hillside lies.
Some hillsides are part of hills.
Some hillsides are part of molehills.
Hilltop dairy is a large operation that's trying to present a good image to South Dakota.
Hilltop location overlooks Lake of the Ozarks, accessible by boat or car.
Hilltop Park features a playground and picnic tables.
Hilltop school is rich with tradition.
A hilltop is a top
Hilltops are also susceptible to cool temperatures.
Hilltops are peaks.
Hilltops are the best location for growing pecans.
Hilltops are the butterfly equivalent of singles bars.
Every hilltop is ablaze with orange maples, golden poplars, buttery ashtrees and scarlet oaks.
Hilly areas are best to stop or reduce the wind.
Hilly areas trigger more showers than flat areas.
Hilly land is distributed around the mountains mentioned above.
Hilly land predominates but there are significant areas of level plains.
Hillyard quality is legendary.
A hilt is a handle
Hilt isa handle.
Hilts also vary.
Hilts are handles.
Hilts are larger and heavier with much longer guards, now available in two lengths.
Hilts are part of daggers.
Hilts are part of swords.
Hilts have (part) sections.
Hilts is captured after crashing through the Swiss frontier barbwire fence.
Hilts is caught and returned to the cooler.
Hilts is returned to the camp and sent to the cooler.
Hilts is the contest s first two-time winner.
All hilts come in either a factory blue black or wire brushed gray finish.
Some hilts are part of blades.
Some hilts are part of cutlasses.
Some hilts are part of dirks.
Some hilts are part of scimitars.
Some hilts are part of swords.
Hims are brilliant, talented, full of life . . .
HIMs coordinate many kinds of healthcare information, from a variety of sources.
Himalayan blackberry is the most common introduced blackberry in British Columbia.
Himalayan blue poppies grow in zones.
Himalayan expeditions can kill a tent in two months.
Himalayan gorals are polygynous.
Himalayan gorals lack a pre-orbital gland, which is present in closely related serows.
Himalayan musk deer have feet.
Himalayan musk deer remain in areas.
Himalayan musk deer remain in same areas.
Himalayan poppies grow in zones.
Most himalayan poppies grow in zones.
Himalayan primulas do well in Argyll and can be seen in large drifts in many gardens.
Himalayan rabbits have white fur and dark coloered feet, ears and nose.
Himalayan rats have a unique color and marking variation.
Himalayan rivers are more active than most.
Himalayan rivers have their source in snowfields and are thus perennial.
Many Himalayan rivers originate from glaciers.
Himalayan salt has iodine.
Most himalayan salt has iodine.
Many hina dolls are family treasures handed down from mothers to daughters for generations. .
Hinchingbrooke students can take an A level course in linguistics.
Hinckley clients expect the best in a yacht, and they want only the best in a yacht charter.
Hinckley principal wins top state award.
Hinckley soils are sandy skeletal.
Hinckley soils have rock fragments consisting of granite, gneiss and schist.
Hinckley soils have rock fragments dominated by granite, gneiss, and schist.
Hind feet have claw toes.
Hind feet have digits.
Hind feet have nails.
Hind feet have toes.
Hind feet measure length.
Most hind feet have claw toes.
A hind leg is a hindlimb
Hind legs appear straight when viewed from behind, turning neither in nor out.
Hind legs are a little larger than the front legs.
Hind legs are about the same size as the front legs.
Hind legs are broad and powerful, moderately bent at stifles, and without cowhocks.
Hind legs are enlarged.
Hind legs are equipped with dense rows of swimming hairs.
Hind legs are important for a grasshopper to hop.
Hind legs are larger than forelegs.
Hind legs are long and muscular for leaping and bounding amongst branches.
Hind legs are longer than forelegs to aid in jumping.
Hind legs are longer than the forelegs, and are wide set, with hocks well let down.
Hind legs are longer than the front legs to aid in jumping.
Hind legs are part of quadrupeds.
Hind legs are powerful providing propulsion and remarkble acceleration.
Hind legs are short.
Hind legs are shorter and heavier than their forelegs.
Hind legs are slightly longer than the front legs and the feet are small.
Hind legs are slightly longer than the front legs.
Hind legs are smaller than local frogs.
Hind legs are straight when viewed from behind.
Hind legs are strong and moderately angulated at stifles and hocks.
Hind legs are strong, full, and well angulated.
Hind legs are strong.
Hind legs are stronger since last post but still grinding teeth and seems tired.
Hind legs are very muscular, and well adapted to jumping.
Hind legs follow in the track of the forelegs, flexing well at the stifle and hock.
Hind legs have single, wedge-shaped tubercle, or spade on inner surface.
Hind legs have strong tendons.
Hind legs have tendons.
Hind legs reach far under, meeting or even passing the imprints of the front legs.
Most hind legs have strong tendons.
Most hind legs have tendons.
Some hind legs deliver venom.
Some hind legs have spines.
Some hind legs have toes.
A hind limb is a limb
Hind limbs are absent.
Hind limbs are commonly longer than fore limbs.
Hind limbs are rudimentary, but the front limbs and feet are well-developed and equipped with claws.
Hind limbs have toes.
Most hind limbs have toes.
Some hind limbs have claws.
Some hind limbs have feet.
Hind paws have claws.
Hind paws have sharp claws.
Hind wing is membranous and is used for flight.
Hind wing is tailed.
Hind wings are ash brown.
Hind wings are broad, fan-like, and membranous.
Hind wings are entirely white.
Hind wings are generally gray-brown with minute dark or light patches, or both, at the edge.
Hind wings are grayish-white.
Hind wings are light brown trimmed with dark brown.
Hind wings are light colored with darker areas near the edges.
Hind wings are light tan with a dark band near the margin.
Hind wings are lighter.
Hind wings are membranous and hidden underneath the forewings when folded.
Hind wings are membranous.
Hind wings are small knobs called halteres , which are used for stabilization during flight.
Hind wings are softer and are folded fanlike beneath the forewings when the insect is at rest.
Hind wings are transparent.
Hind wings are under front wings and are membranous.
Hind wings are usually light in color.
Hind wings are white and have a narrow smokey-brown edge.
Hind wings are white with a dark edge.
Hind wings are white with brown edges and veins.
Hind wings are white with dark margins.
Hind wings are white with dark veins and a fringelike border.
Hind wings are white with dark veins and broad, dark, indefinite margins.
Hind wings are white with some dark spots or irregular markings.
Hind wings are white with white borders.
Hind wings are whitish, with a brown front edge.
Hind wings have a fringe of hair.
Hind wings have veins.
Hind wings light grey in the male, and brown-grey in the female.
Most hind wings have veins.
Some hind wings are behind wings.
Some hind wings have spots.
A hind is a deer
Hind is different again.
Hind isa fish.
Hind pasterns short and upright.
Hinds also has a lot of crafts.
Hinds also has an arm capable of launching rockets from the field.
Hinds are deers.
Hinds are female animals.
Hinds are groupers.
Hinds are harder to find but stags are very vocal and make for exciting hunting.
Hinds are red deers.
Hinds can carry troops and are heavily armed with rockets and machine guns.
Hinds have (part) brains.
Hinds have (part) breasts.
Hinds have (part) cell membranes.
Hinds have (part) chest cavities.
Hinds have (part) chests.
Hinds have (part) corpi.
Hinds have (part) cytoplasm.
Hinds have (part) ears.
Hinds have (part) faces.
Hinds have (part) fish scales.
Hinds have (part) fishbones.
Hinds have (part) flippers.
Hinds have (part) heads.
Hinds have (part) nuclei.
Hinds have (part) pedal extremities.
Hinds have (part) plasma membranes.
Hinds have (part) rib cages.
Hinds have (part) sea bass.
Hinds have (part) sections.
Hinds have (part) skulls.
Hinds have (part) sperm.
Hinds have (part) sterna.
Hinds have (part) tail fins.
Hinds have (part) vacuoles.
Hinds have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hinds have (part) yolks.
Hinds tend to stay away from feeding areas provided by humans in winter.
Most hinds breed successfully for the first time as yearlings, and thereafter breed each adult year.
Hindes checks the progress of the fire.
Hindi courses promote both literacy and conversational proficiency.
Hindi film making as the table shows is on the rise .
Hindi grammar is another story.
Hindi instruction occupies most of the weekday mornings.
Hindi language is spoke and understood by a vast majority in India.
Hindi literature consists of all genres, such as poetry, drama, short stories, novels, and essays.
Hindi messages are further down the next page.
Hindi program covers Eastern Europe, Asia and Australia.
Most Hindi recordings have yet to be translated.
A hindlimb is a limb
Hindlimbs are absent and the tail is flattened dorsoventrally into a fluke.
Hindlimbs are present in a large number of quadrupeds.
Hindoo women are said to introduce pieces of the wood into the uterus in order to produce abortion.
A hindquarter is cut of meat
Hindquarters appear slender and out of proportion to the massive shoulders.
Hindquarters are cuts.
Hindquarters are plump and full.
Hindquarters are slender, just like in other antelopes.
Hindquarters are weak and the horse tires easily.
Hindquarters are without much angulation, well muscled and with low hocks.
Hindquarters track in line with the forequarters.
Hindrance isa cognition.
Hindrance isa knowledge.
Hindrances influence equilibrium.
A hindsight is an understanding
Hindsight can be a wonderful thing.
Hindsight leads to insight, which leads to action and finally to foresight.
Hindsight offers no inner peace -commitments to our responsibilities do.
Hindsight shows the traditional approach failed for a number of reasons.
Hindsight works that way.
Hindsight works wonders.
Hindsights are sight.
Hindsights are understanding.
Hindu astrology has far superior techniques to make accurate predictions from a horoscope.
Hindu awareness seminars for the local church are also available upon request.
Hindu bigots are thus mass-exterminators on a grand scale.
Hindu college is a lesson in 'unity in diversity' - the annual festival is called 'Mecca'.
Hindu communities consider beef taboo.
Hindu countries are increasingly unfree due to the recent upsurge of repression in India.
Hindu culture reveres the old age and treats all elders with great reverence.
Hindu deities alternate with alluring maidens on the walls flanking the staircase.
Hindu divinity is an enduring theme in the history of images from India.
Hindu dress is ideal.
Most Hindu families have altars or prayer rooms in their homes.
Hindu fanatics are slightly less doctrinaire about the written word than their Islamic counterparts.
Hindu females are only there to serve their husband and children.
Hindu festivals follow a different calendar but they generally fall at much the same date each year.
Hindu festivals follow different calendar but generally fall at much same date each year.
Hindu festivals incorporate mainly vegetarian dishes.
Hindu funerals can only take place in India.
Hindu girls living in Assam have long, glossy, black hair.
Hindu gods are different aspects of Brahman.
Hindu gods are represented by their attributes, a description of which fills many books.
Hindu gurus are fond of using peacock feathers in darshan to deliver shaktiput to their disciples.
Hindu heritage can assist individuals in their quest for self and the pursuit of excellence.
Hindu ideas permeate all systems of philosophy and theology.
Hindu intelligentsia is away from society and religion.
Hindu leaders deny the charge.
Hindu life is replete with celebrations of all kinds.
Hindu literature exists in massive amount and in great variety as to form and quality.
Hindu meditation involves emptying the mind and seeking for a sort of blank nothingness.
Hindu militancy is very much on the increase.
Hindu mystics do that when they sit in a cave for years of meditation.
Hindu myths imagine the universe being upheld by four elephants standing on a turtle's back.
Hindu mythology describes the first appearance of the linga as a pillar of fire.
Hindu mythology is rich, multifarious and inclusive.
Hindu mythology says that the peacock has angels' feathers, a devil's voice and the walk of a thief.
Hindu nationalism upholds one religion, one culture and one nation.
Hindu nationalists are opposed to conversions, especially in the impoverished tribal areas.
Hindu parents compete to enroll their children.
Hindu parents spend a lot of time teaching their children about their religion.
Hindu people don t like.
Hindu philosophy is a way of life.
Hindu philosophy is essentially a philosophy of values.
Hindu philosophy teaches that during menses the direction of energy is down and out of the body.
Hindu prayer acknowldges that there can be many worlds.
Hindu priests have only one duty.
Hindu psychology holds that the mind has the ability to be present all over the body.
Hindu religion has more scriptures than can be read in one life time.
Hindu religion presents eternity as an endless repetition of cyclic processes.
Hindu rituals cover all areas of a person's life.
Hindu society has a high standard of conduct, with little immorality, crime, or violence.
Hindu society is arranged into a caste system .
Hindu teachings allow for many other Avatars.
Hindu temples are known after the chief deity of the temple.
Hindu temples hold annual festivals commemorating events in the lives of the divinities .
Most Hindu temples have many shrines, each of which is devoted to a divinity.
Hindu tradition circumscribes a very limited role for women.
Hindu tradition continues to emphasize marriage as a universal ideal.
Hindu tradition has birds representing the higher states of being.
Hindu traditions offer rich examples.
Hindu weddings are a very lengthy process.
Hindu weddings are many times arranged.
Hindu weddings take place in several stages.
Hindu women gather around the stones to make offerings to the female snake goddesses.
Hindu yogis are famous fasters and colon cleansers.
Hindustani music uses the other varieties to a larger or smaller extent compared to Carnatic music.
Hines does it better.
Hines never plans on even submitting the thing for publication.
Hines now serves children from kindergarten through fourth grade.
Hines shows how 'it is crucial to play the globalizers at their own game.
Hines throws a few times.
Hinge faults merge into monoclines.
A hinge joint is a joint
Hinge joints allow movement in only one direction.
Hinge joints are located at the elbows and knees.
Hinge joints move in a more limited way.
Hinge joints provide a forward and backward motion, as at the elbow and knee.
Hinge line is about half of the width of the shell.
Hinge margins are thickened and with reduced dentition.
Hinge pins are greasable for longer life.
Hinge propositions are empirical in that their negation makes sense.
Hinge regions have additional properties.
Hinge regions have properties.
Hinge templates make for easy installation requiring no measuring.
A hinge is a joint
Hinge isa joint.
Hinges allow motion.
Hinges allow the artwork to be removed easily from the board if that becomes necessary.
Hinges are a problem, for example, because they are roughly the same size as the mirrors.
Hinges are also available in colors.
Hinges are available in various sizes.
Hinges are cam-lift, allowing a barrier free sill condition.
Hinges are cheap and probably best for beginners, juniors and the average collector.
Hinges are cheap, and they work pretty well.
Hinges are circumstances.
Hinges are elastic flap on both ailerons and elevator.
Hinges are fully adjustable to assist seal along hinge side of gasket.
Hinges are hand forged and aged for the complete distressed effect.
Hinges are intact and binding is tight.
Hinges are joints.
Hinges are of adjustable type.
Hinges are often on the outside of doors and can be unscrewed .
Hinges are OK for used stamps with no gum.
Hinges are one type of preservation mounting.
Hinges are part of car doors.
Hinges are part of french doors.
Hinges are part of gates.
Hinges are part of swing doors.
Hinges are pinch-free, and door handles are recessed.
Hinges are reversible, left or right.
Hinges are rusty.
Hinges are slightly worn.
Hinges are small folded pieces of paper with glue on one side.
Hinges are small rectangles of strong, archival-quality paper, preferably Japanese kozo .
Hinges are strap type and cam-lift.
Hinges are strap type with spring assist cam-lift design.
Hinges are wrought-iron H hinges.
Hinges break, paint flakes, metal rusts, and target temperatures are difficult to maintain.
Hinges can be very large or very small.
Hinges come in two varieties, flat and pre-folded.
Hinges contain adjusting screws for gasket compression.
Hinges creak louder.
Hinges give way, lacquered surfaces crack, there's a creaking when someone gives the table a knock.
Hinges have (part) sections.
Hinges have no protruding bolts.
Hinges leave marks and in extreme cases overmoistening leads to thins.
Hinges made of Japanese paper take more time and practice to apply.
Hinges make the door easier to use.
Hinges prevent hyperextension.
Hinges rip loose, doors fly open, and the seats break free striking the driver from behind.
Hinges support the weight of the door in use.
All hinges are tight, working good and no dents.
Most hinges allow motion.
Most hinges are reversible, allowing either end to be mounted in an upright position.
Most hinges can have the handing reversed.
Some hinges are a combination of hinge types.
Some hinges are part of abbeys.
Some hinges are part of ambulances.
Some hinges are part of architecture.
Some hinges are part of automobiles.
Some hinges are part of autos.
Some hinges are part of barns.
Some hinges are part of buildings.
Some hinges are part of bungalows.
Some hinges are part of cafes.
Some hinges are part of cars.
Some hinges are part of castles.
Some hinges are part of cathedrals.
Some hinges are part of churches.
Some hinges are part of convents.
Some hinges are part of coops.
Some hinges are part of cottages.
Some hinges are part of cowsheds.
Some hinges are part of dumpers.
Some hinges are part of farmhouses.
Some hinges are part of garages.
Some hinges are part of gates.
Some hinges are part of greenhouses.
Some hinges are part of hospitals.
Some hinges are part of hotels.
Some hinges are part of houses.
Some hinges are part of inns.
Some hinges are part of kennels.
Some hinges are part of manors.
Some hinges are part of monasteries.
Some hinges are part of mosques.
Some hinges are part of observatories.
Some hinges are part of palaces.
Some hinges are part of pickups.
Some hinges are part of pubs.
Some hinges are part of restaurants.
Some hinges are part of rinks.
Some hinges are part of skyscrapers.
Some hinges are part of stables.
Some hinges are part of tailgates.
Some hinges are part of taxis.
Some hinges are part of temples.
Some hinges are part of theaters.
Some hinges are part of theatres.
Some hinges are part of trucks.
Some hinges connect shells.
Hinged aluminum clamping strip automatically holds material in place.
Hinged barriers isolate metering transformers.
Hinged base has removable pin which makes the bed cane collapsible for easy storage and traveling.
Hinged base has tension adjustment and buffer springs to eliminate tremor or looseness.
Hinged boards are characteristic of some types of blankbooks.
Hinged cover closes for private listening.
Hinged cover conceals prongs completely no accidental openings, no exposed prongs.
Hinged covers are available as an option.
Hinged design creates a laptop desk in confined spaces.
Hinged door swings down providing easy lamp replacement and maintenance.
Hinged Doors are available.
Hinged doors are located in bedrooms.
Hinged doors are located in buildings.
Hinged doors are located in doorways.
Hinged doors are located in kitchens.
Hinged doors are located in pantries.
Hinged doors are used for opens.
Hinged doors are used for privacies.
Hinged doors make it easy to add wood.
Hinged doors swing out of the way lying flat against the cabinet revealing the work area.
Hinged dumper includes removable magnetic load.
Hinged dumper includes removable magnetic sand cargo piece.
Hinged dust cover keeps items clean.
Hinged dust covers keep items clean.
Hinged fangs fold at the base to lie against the roof of the mouth.
Hinged fangs fold up and lie against the roof of the snake's mouth.
Hinged hood opens to reveal detailed engine, supercharger, wiring, etc.
Hinged lid helps to retain heat and prevent leaching of nutrients from excessive rainfall.
Hinged lid is engraved with coffee cup design.
Hinged lid offers easy opening.
Hinged lid permits easy access to cargo.
Hinged lid permits easy clean up.
Hinged lids provide convenient inspection of permanent stations.
Hinged point allows for easy access to bulb.
Hinged roof keeps seed cake safe and lifts up for easy filling.
Hinged roof opens outward for easy filling from inside the house.
Hinged roof opens outward to allow easy refilling from inside.
Hinged sections permit observation and study.
Hinged self latching cover and front plate have neoprene gaskets to seal out moisture.
Hingeless albums come with mounts.
A hinny is an equid
Hinnies are just the opposite - a stallion horse crossed to a donkey jennet.
Hinnies are just the opposite - a stallion horse crossed to a donkey jenney.
Hinsdale cardholders can now access books from home.
Hint books are available for at least some of their games.
A hint is a suggestion
Hint hints playstation playstasion games downloads.
Hint is available at any moment.
Hint is in the comment.
Hint is only available to registered users.
Hint isa proposal.
Hint Let m, n be positive integers.
Hint locate a roll-out shelf at the bottom of the cabinet for convenient access to items stored.
Hint look at the glacier margin in the foreground.
Hint Look for dorsal fin and the gill cover.
Hint provides the English translation for the target sentence.
Hint Remember the relationship between buoyancy and density.
Hint there are seven council people.
Hint there is a simple solution.
Hint Think about speed and accuracy .
Hint Think about the forms of energy in the fluid.
Hint Think about the three different types of accelerations.
Hint Think of a venetian blind.
Hint use a lattice.
Hints Add one part of the arm at a time.
Hints are available along the way.
Hints are available and students can go back to the story if needed.
Hints are available during game play.
Hints are available for most questions.
Hints are available in limited quantity.
Hints are available on three levels, each one providing more details about the answer to a question.
Hints are available to get users started.
Hints are available to help solve a puzzle.
Hints are available to help the user find the correct answer, if necessary.
Hints are available to help with multiplying large numbers.
Hints are available, showing the first letter and number of spaces for each word.
Hints are available.
Hints are clues.
Hints are commonplace examples of the token.
Hints are hard to come by.
Hints are in order.
Hints are indications.
Hints are now available.
Hints are suggestions.
Hints are that they'll help their eastern neighbors.
Hints are the heart of lectures.
Hints are there about the plausible resumption of future commuter service on that line.
Hints Be careful about the signs of the answers.
Hints Be gentle.
Hints Be sure to check dates.
Hints can be text, a picture or a sound.
Hints can take up a lot of room in fonts.
Hints Click the buttons below the images to enlarge the image and get a descriptive text.
Hints Click the grey buttons below the pictures for full size and a short description.
Hints come in as a learning aid to improve the situation.
Hints contain tips and techniques on figure painting.
Hints Find hidden items and much, much more.
Hints Find out how to get hints for the puzzles in the game.
Hints Follow the precautions carefully.
Hints given by navigation panels can give the user an idea of the context.
Hints guide the students in their reconstructions of proto-forms.
Hints Hit lots of homers, and more.
Hints just encourage bad passwords.
Hints Keep questions short.
Hints Keep students and teachers within a module's time framework.
Hints Look at the example shaded rendering programs in the Red book.
Hints only help speed queries.
Hints pointing to better interpretations are welcome.
Hints re speaking are the same as listed with the novel presentation.
Hints Read the handouts on writing and research.
Hints See the problem set guidelines and advice .
Hints seem to be used successfully by some members and blocking unwanted contacts.
Hints support a wide range of configuration options.
Hints Try to go for a balanced squad.
Hints Try to stay focused on a question- sustain the discussion throughout the essay.
Hints Unlock new characters and play modes.
Hints Unlock new circuits and more.
Hints Unlock new tracks and cars.
Hints Unlock the opposition as selectable taggers.
Hints Use a damp cotton swab to lift a piece of confetti and place it on the glue design.
Hints Use a pair of cheap, thin surgical gloves.
Hints Use a red display filter to increase contrast.
Hints Use lower case letters at all times.
Hints Use the appropriate buttons.
Hints Use the command fx -x to modify the partition table of a hard disk.
Hints Always be aware of the size of the image.
Hints Always read the fine print .
Any hint is appreciated.
Any hint is good.
Any hint is most welcome.
Any hint is very appreciated.
Any hint is welcome.
Any hint is welcomed.
Any hint is wellcome.
Any hints are highly appreciated.
Any hints are highly welcome.
Any hints are very much appreciated.
Any hints are very welcome.
Any hints are welcome.
Any hints welcome.
Every hint counts as a penalty move.
Every hint is greatly welcome.
Every hint is welcome.
Every hint is welcomed.
Many hints are there.
Some hints also appear automatically when students make certain frequent mistakes.
Some hints are already available.
Some hints are also available, plus various data files .
Some hints are also available.
Some hints are available.
Some hints come from countries.
Some hints come from doctors.
Some hints indicate characters.
Some Hints Watch the top of the arc.
Many hip fractures are preventable.
Most hip fractures occur in women after menopause.
Some hip joints are part of laps.
Some hip joints are part of legs.
Some hip joints are part of pelves.
Some hip joints are part of thighs.
Hip movements are just that - hip movements.
Some hip pockets are part of denims.
Some hip pockets are part of jeans.
Some hip sockets are part of addaxs.
Some hip sockets are part of ankles.
Some hip sockets are part of anoas.
Some hip sockets are part of antelopes.
Some hip sockets are part of aoudads.
Some hip sockets are part of argalis.
Some hip sockets are part of arms.
Some hip sockets are part of asses.
Some hip sockets are part of babirusas.
Some hip sockets are part of bantengs.
Some hip sockets are part of bighorns.
Some hip sockets are part of bison.
Some hip sockets are part of blackbucks.
Some hip sockets are part of boars.
Some hip sockets are part of brockets.
Some hip sockets are part of buffalo.
Some hip sockets are part of bullocks.
Some hip sockets are part of bulls.
Some hip sockets are part of bushbucks.
Some hip sockets are part of camels.
Some hip sockets are part of carabaos.
Some hip sockets are part of caribou.
Some hip sockets are part of cattle.
Some hip sockets are part of chevrotains.
Some hip sockets are part of cows.
Some hip sockets are part of craniums.
Some hip sockets are part of deer.
Some hip sockets are part of elands.
Some hip sockets are part of elbows.
Some hip sockets are part of elk.
Some hip sockets are part of endoskeletons.
Some hip sockets are part of fawns.
Some hip sockets are part of fingers.
Some hip sockets are part of gaurs.
Some hip sockets are part of gazelles.
Some hip sockets are part of gemsboks.
Some hip sockets are part of gerenuks.
Some hip sockets are part of giraffes.
Some hip sockets are part of gnus.
Some hip sockets are part of goats.
Some hip sockets are part of gorals.
Some hip sockets are part of guanacos.
Some hip sockets are part of hartebeests.
Some hip sockets are part of hippopotamuses.
Some hip sockets are part of hippos.
Some hip sockets are part of hogs.
Some hip sockets are part of horses.
Some hip sockets are part of ibexs.
Some hip sockets are part of impalas.
Some hip sockets are part of joints.
Some hip sockets are part of kiangs.
Some hip sockets are part of knees.
Some hip sockets are part of knuckles.
Some hip sockets are part of kobs.
Some hip sockets are part of kudus.
Some hip sockets are part of laps.
Some hip sockets are part of lechwes.
Some hip sockets are part of legs.
Some hip sockets are part of llamas.
Some hip sockets are part of markhors.
Some hip sockets are part of moose.
Some hip sockets are part of mules.
Some hip sockets are part of muntjacs.
Some hip sockets are part of nilgais.
Some hip sockets are part of noses.
Some hip sockets are part of nyalas.
Some hip sockets are part of okapis.
Some hip sockets are part of oryxes.
Some hip sockets are part of oxes.
Some hip sockets are part of peccaries.
Some hip sockets are part of pelves.
Some hip sockets are part of pigs.
Some hip sockets are part of ponies.
Some hip sockets are part of porkers.
Some hip sockets are part of proboscises.
Some hip sockets are part of pronghorns.
Some hip sockets are part of reindeer.
Some hip sockets are part of rhinoceroses.
Some hip sockets are part of rhinos.
Some hip sockets are part of saigas.
Some hip sockets are part of sambars.
Some hip sockets are part of sassabies.
Some hip sockets are part of sheep.
Some hip sockets are part of sikas.
Some hip sockets are part of snouts.
Some hip sockets are part of springboks.
Some hip sockets are part of steeds.
Some hip sockets are part of steenboks.
Some hip sockets are part of studs.
Some hip sockets are part of takins.
Some hip sockets are part of tapirs.
Some hip sockets are part of thighs.
Some hip sockets are part of thumbs.
Some hip sockets are part of ungulates.
Some hip sockets are part of waterbucks.
Some hip sockets are part of wildebeests.
Some hip sockets are part of wisents.
Some hip sockets are part of wrists.
Some hip sockets are part of yaks.
Some hip sockets are part of zebras.
A hip is a body part
Hip isa body part.
Hip toss now and an arm drag takeover.
HIPS allow enough ease for sitting or bending.
Hips are anatomies.
Hips are body parts.
Hips are botany.
Hips are bottle-shaped and attractive.
Hips are broad with the croup nicely rounded.
Hips are consumed by a wide array of birds.
Hips are direct flights and Hops are indirect flights with same day-transit.
Hips are easily reducible under anesthesia, but recurrence is common.
Hips are excellent.
Hips are fruit.
Hips are in line with the top hand and shoulders.
Hips are joints.
Hips are level, like the shoulders.
Hips are lower than most people think.
Hips are nicely-rounded, blending smoothly into the hind legs.
Hips are often very attractive and can be left on some roses for winter interest and bird food.
Hips are part of bodies.
Hips are part of roses.
Hips are part of thighs.
Hips are part of torsos.
Hips are particularly vulnerable to deformity.
Hips are small, compared with apples, ranging from the size of a thumbnail to two inches across.
Hips are solid objects.
Hips are stiff.
Hips are to wiggle, perhaps jiggle, and the more the merrier, wide and lovely like a cello.
Hips are unique joints.
Hips are unique to women.
Hips are very large, begin pink, ripen to blood-red.
Hips are why women bruise themselves in the name of liposuction.
Hips become stiff and hind legs weaken.
Hips count as torso.
Hips fall below the knees.
Hips grind together.
Hips have (part) corpi.
Hips move forward.
Hips now become limber.
HIPs provide affordable health insurance without regulation or bureaucracy.
Hips provide momentum and power to punch.
Hips reach up as the legs straighten and the heels stretch toward the floor.
Hips start swinging.
Hips stay square to the front of the mat.
Hips stay under shoulders.
Hips sway and hands move to act out motions.
Hips swayn' the pool, and silk jammies all over the room.
Hips swirling in a hula hoop action, sans hoop.
Hips often become stiff, especially when the patient sits for a long time.
Most hips are in the red category.
Most hips are part of bodies.
HiPPI technology continues to be deployed only in a niche market.
A hippie is a person
Hippie has company across the state.
Hippies are a much-maligned group.
Hippies are alive and kicking here, no kidding.
Hippies are common in town.
Hippies are dirty.
Hippies are great.
Hippies are happy and A hippy can be anybody.
Hippies are like trees in Missoula.
Hippies are okay.
Hippies are reformers.
Hippies are tall, superior, Aquarian, gentle.
Hippies can and do wear just about anything.
Hippies don t impose their beliefs on others.
Hippies find a communal paradise on a remote Thai island.
Hippies hang out there.
Hippies have their own views on drug use , sexual liberation , and women 's rights .
Hippies take acid and listen to jam bands.
Hippies wear patched jeans, flouncy skirts and T-shirts for a reason.
Some hippies wander through on foot, but many drive straight through in battered old vans and buses.
Hippo calves weigh pounds.
Hippo dungs provide nutrients.
Most hippo dungs provide nutrients.
Hippo isa ungulate.
Hippos adapt for aquatic life.
Hippos adapt for life.
Hippos adapt to aquatic environments.
Hippos adapt to environments.
Hippos are people.
Hippos can have impact.
Hippos can have significant impact.
Hippos come out of water.
Hippos defend territory.
Hippos eat grass.
Hippos eat meat.
Hippos emerge from water.
Hippos get energy.
Hippos have (part) brains.
Hippos have (part) breasts.
Hippos have (part) cannon bones.
Hippos have (part) cell membranes.
Hippos have (part) cells.
Hippos have (part) chest cavities.
Hippos have (part) chests.
Hippos have (part) corpi.
Hippos have (part) cytoplasm.
Hippos have (part) ears.
Hippos have (part) faces.
Hippos have (part) heads.
Hippos have (part) hip sockets.
Hippos have (part) hoofs.
Hippos have (part) nuclei.
Hippos have (part) piluses.
Hippos have (part) plasma membranes.
Hippos have (part) rib cages.
Hippos have (part) sections.
Hippos have (part) skulls.
Hippos have (part) sterna.
Hippos have (part) vacuoles.
Hippos have appetite.
Hippos have diets.
Hippos have enormous mouths.
Hippos have eyes.
Hippos have feet.
Hippos have glands.
Hippos have herbivorous diets.
Hippos have mates.
Hippos have mouths.
Hippos have retention time.
Hippos have sebaceous glands.
Hippos have skin.
Hippos have teeth.
Hippos have time.
Hippos have toes.
Hippos inhabit rivers.
Hippos live for years.
Hippos live in american zoos.
Hippos live in zoos.
Hippos move at nights.
Hippos move through water.
Hippos open mouths.
Hippos reach maturity.
Hippos reach sexual maturity.
Hippos rely on water.
Hippos share ancestors.
Hippos share common ancestors.
Hippos stay under water.
Hippos use incisors.
Hippos weigh pounds.
Hippocampal anatomy is consistent with two independent channels, corresponding to the two maps.
Hippocampal lesions do the following in animals A. disrupt radial arm maze performance.
Hippocampal lesions interfere with Pavlovian negative occasion setting.
Hippocampal neuron responses in relation to normal and abnormal function.
Hippocampal sclerosis is the most common example of such a process.
A hippodrome is a stadium
Hippodrome boxes page is added.
A hippopotamus is a hoofed mammal
Hippopotamus isa ungulate.
Hippopotamuses are a vulnerable species.
Hippopotamuses are herbivores .
Hippopotamuses are herbivores.
Hippopotamuses are huge, pig-like creatures that live in Africa.
Hippopotamuses are large, round, water-loving animals that are native to Africa.
Hippopotamuses are mammals.
Hippopotamuses are one of the largest extant mammals in the world.
Hippopotamuses are placental mammals.
Hippopotamuses belong to genus.
Hippopotamuses can also see underwater thanks to a clear membrane that protects their eyes.
Hippopotamuses can walk along the bottom of rivers and pools on the tip of their feet.
Hippopotamuses do eighty percent of their vocalisations under water.
Hippopotamuses do eighty percent of their vocalization under water.
Hippopotamuses eat diets.
Hippopotamuses eat herbivorous diets.
Hippopotamuses emerge at nights.
Hippopotamuses emerge from water.
Hippopotamuses have (part) brains.
Hippopotamuses have (part) breasts.
Hippopotamuses have (part) cannon bones.
Hippopotamuses have (part) cell membranes.
Hippopotamuses have (part) cells.
Hippopotamuses have (part) chest cavities.
Hippopotamuses have (part) chests.
Hippopotamuses have (part) corpi.
Hippopotamuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Hippopotamuses have (part) ears.
Hippopotamuses have (part) faces.
Hippopotamuses have (part) heads.
Hippopotamuses have (part) hip sockets.
Hippopotamuses have (part) hoofs.
Hippopotamuses have (part) nuclei.
Hippopotamuses have (part) piluses.
Hippopotamuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Hippopotamuses have (part) rib cages.
Hippopotamuses have (part) sections.
Hippopotamuses have (part) skulls.
Hippopotamuses have (part) sterna.
Hippopotamuses have (part) vacuoles.
Hippopotamuses have babies.
Hippopotamuses have heads.
Hippopotamuses have thick lips and wide snouts that are designed for grazing.
Hippopotamuses have toes.
Hippopotamuses hold breaths.
Hippopotamuses kill more people in Africa than any other animal.
Hippopotamuses leave water.
Hippopotamuses lift heads.
Hippopotamuses live in family groups with one male, several females, and their young.
Hippopotamuses live in groups.
Hippopotamuses live in herds.
Hippopotamuses live in small herds, feeding on aquatic plants.
Hippopotamuses live in waterways.
Hippopotamuses open mouths.
Hippopotamuses outrun humans.
Hippopotamuses play in rivers.
Hippopotamuses produce meat.
Hippopotamuses rest together in the water , but they like to graze by themselves .
Hippopotamuses rest together in the water, but they like to graze by themselves.
Hippopotamuses secrete a natural red-colored sunscreen substance to protect their skin from the sun.
Hippopotamuses swim in rivers.
Hippopotamuses use lungs.
Hippopotamuses use their feces to define the borders of their territories.
Hippopotamuses use water.
Hippopotamuses weigh pounds.
Most hippopotamuses belong to genus.
Most hippopotamuses eat diets.
Most hippopotamuses eat herbivorous diets.
Most hippopotamuses emerge at nights.
Most hippopotamuses emerge from water.
Most hippopotamuses have babies.
Most hippopotamuses have heads.
Most hippopotamuses have toes.
Most hippopotamuses leave water.
Most hippopotamuses live in groups.
Most hippopotamuses live in herds.
Most hippopotamuses live in waterways.
Most hippopotamuses play in rivers.
Most hippopotamuses produce meat.
Most hippopotamuses use lungs.
Most hippopotamuses use water.
Most hippopotamuses weigh pounds.
Some hippopotamuses eat grass.
Some hippopotamuses eat hyacinths.
Some hippopotamuses eat invasive water hyacinths.
Some hippopotamuses eat water hyacinths.
Some hippopotamuses engage in crops.
Some hippopotamuses have distribution.
Some hippopotamuses kill animals.
Some hippopotamuses live in lakes.
Some hippopotamuses live in rivers.
Hippos also use subsonic vocalizations to communicate.
Hippos are a common sight in the rivers, swamps and lakes of southern and eastern Africa.
Hippos are a geologically young group, which raises questions about their origin.
Hippos are also subject to unregulated or illegal poaching.
Hippos are among the megafaunal species most dangerous to humans.
Hippos are amphibious and are excellent swimmers.
Hippos are an important part of the African ecosystem.
Hippos are another beastly attraction.
Hippos are artiodactyls which means they are grouped with animals that have an even number of toes.
Hippos are by far among the largest living mammals come only after rhinoceros, whales and elephants.
Hippos are considered one of the world's most dangerous animals.
Hippos are dangerous animals and a serious problem in many parts of Africa.
Hippos are easy to find, and baboons are quite common.
Hippos are excellent swimmers and floaters, and can walk along the river bottom.
Hippos are excellent swimmers and floaters, and can walk on the river bottom.
Hippos are excellent swimmers but prefer to amble along the bottom of slow-moving or stagnant water.
Hippos are extremely graceful in the water, despite their clumsy appearance on land.
Hippos are fast for their size.
Hippos are generally peaceful, but adult males engage in ferocious fighting over territory.
Hippos are great fascinating creatures.
Hippos are herbivores, so they eat mostly plant food to fuel their large frames.
Hippos are hosts to many creatures.
Hippos are neither.
Hippos are one of the largest land mammals.
Hippos are perhaps the least charismatic of Africa's animals.
Hippos are perpetually disappointed.
Hippos are powerful huge jungle beast who live in swamp and lake water.
Hippos are present in many African rivers.
Hippos are pretty cool animals.
Hippos are rare.
Hippos are really difficult.
Hippos are responsible for more human fatalities than lions, elephants and water buffaloes combined.
Hippos are scary because they're mean, and because they can vanish under the water without a trace.
Hippos are silly.
Hippos are strict vegetarians.
Hippos are strictly unselective grazers.
Hippos are territorial, and like the buffalo can be exceptionally aggressive when provoked.
Hippos are the closest living land relative of the whales and dolphins.
Hippos are the most dangerous animal in Africa.
Hippos are the obvious challenge on the river and the rules are pretty simple.
Hippos are the promoter of creativity, flowing features of water.
Hippos are the third-largest living land mammals, after elephants and white rhinos.
Hippos are vegetarians and feed exclusively on grass.
Hippos are vegetarians.
Hippos are very aggressive and can be dangerous.
Hippos are very aggressive creatures and are very dangerous.
Hippos are very aggressive.
Hippos are very big and extremely dangerous.
Hippos are very large land mammals.
Hippos are very loud animals.
Hippos are virtually hairless, with bristles only on their noses, ears, and tails.
Hippos can develop severe sunburn if they are unable to avoid the sun.
Hippos can live to be forty years old.
Hippos can move easily in the water despite their size and bulk.
Hippos can quickly twist and change directions.
Hippos can stay under over four minutes without coming up for air.
Hippos can store food in their stomachs and go three weeks without eating.
Hippos can turn each ear in a different direction at the same time.
Hippos cause the most deaths by far for a specific speciies.
Hippos choose to feed at night in order to protect their sensitive skin from the sun.
Hippos do almost everything in the water, including giving birth, mating, and resting.
Hippos eat at night and sleep during the day.
Hippos eat grasses around lakes, keeping areas open and clear of vegetation.
Hippos generally spend most of the day wallowing in shallow water coming out to graze only at night.
Hippos go berserk.
Hippos have a central nervous system containing a brain and a spinal cord.
Hippos have a flexible social system.
Hippos have a loose, relaxed social structure.
Hippos have a low mortality rate, and both males and females reproduce into old age.
Hippos have a special mutualistic relationship with the barbel fish.
Hippos have big and heavy bodies , dark gray skin , and short legs .
Hippos have big and heavy bodies, dark gray skin, and short legs.
Hippos have extensive adaptations for life in the water.
Hippos have four toes.
Hippos have four webbed toes on each foot and like to live in slow-moving or still waters.
Hippos have four webbed toes on each foot and typically reside in slow-moving or still waters.
Hippos have huge mouths and teeth, even though they eat grass.
Hippos have huge, curving tusks at the front of the mouth.
Hippos have no sweat glands, so they keep cool in the water or in mud.
Hippos have red perspiration that looks like blood.
Hippos have unique skin that needs to be kept wet for a good part of the day.
Hippos have unusual pores on their body which exude a thick, oily, pink sweat.
Hippos have very delicate and sensitive skin.
Hippos have very long and sharp teeth.
Hippos have white and gray brain matter.
Hippos kill more humans that lions.
Hippos kill more people in Africa than any other wild animal.
Hippos kill people.
Hippos leave the water to eat at night.
Hippos like to submerge to stay cool on a hot day.
Hippos make the funniest sound.
Hippos only live in Africa.
Hippos open their mouths wide in a yawning threat display as a sign of dominance.
Hippos prefer to breed in the water but can also do so on land.
Hippos prefer to graze on grass close to water beds.
Hippos reproduce about every two years in the wild.
Hippos secrete a pink, natural sunscreen from their skin.
Hippos spend most of the day in and out of the water.
Hippos spend most of their days in the water and mud, coming out at night to feed.
Hippos spend most of their days in the water, where they defecate in substantial amounts.
Hippos spend most of their time in the water.
Hippos spend much of their time wallowing in shallow water and mud.
Hippos spend their days wallowing in rivers or swamps, and usually feed only at night.
Hippos spend their nights grazing.
Hippos spend two-thirds of the day in the water before going off to find grass.
Hippos use sound and body language to communicate.
Hippos vary from brown to grayish purple, with pink underparts and skin creases.
Hippos weigh up to two tons and can be four metres long.
Hippos often live in large groups with an established hierarchy.
Most hippos can have impact.
Most hippos can have significant impact.
Most hippos eat meat.
Most hippos get energy.
Most hippos have diets.
Most hippos have enormous mouths.
Most hippos have eyes.
Most hippos have feet.
Most hippos have glands.
Most hippos have herbivorous diets.
Most hippos have mates.
Most hippos have mouths.
Most hippos have retention time.
Most hippos have sebaceous glands.
Most hippos have skin.
Most hippos have teeth.
Most hippos have time.
Most hippos have toes.
Most hippos live in american zoos.
Most hippos live in zoos.
Most hippos reach sexual maturity.
Most hippos rely on water.
Some hippos are classified as individuals.
Some hippos develop bonds.
Some hippos develop intimate bonds.
Some hippos grow throughout life.
Some hippos have ability.
Some hippos have details.
Some hippos have enemies.
Some hippos have predators.
Some hippos have sisters.
Some hippos have use.
Some hippos hold underwater breaths.
Some hippos kill capybaras.
Some hippos make habitats.
Some hippos make watery habitats.
Some hippos suffer fatal seizures.
Hippothoan taxonomy is based partly on budding patterns and zooid size.
A hippy is a person
Hippies also like to live among themselves.
Hippies are all over college campuses.
Hippies are located in coffee shops.
Hippies are located in concerts.
Hippies are never truly out of style.
Hippies are out, hardball is in.
Hippies are people.
Hippies can say what they want about watching out for their fellow man.
Hippies have their own views on drug use, sexual liberation, and women's rights.
Hippies like to have fun, but only their way.
Hippies mingle with bluebloods.
Hippies wear braided headbands.
A hipster is a person
Hipster wear vintage clothes and thrift store clothes.
Hipsters are hard.
Hipsters are real jeans.
Hipsters believe in progressive or independent politics.
Hipsters can be just as prejudiced as anybody.
Hipsters listen to independent music and alternative music.
Hipsters smoke here.
Every hipster knows today's sassiest styles come in the form of the T-shirt.
Hirakud reservoir lies in south of the district.
Hirazi coffees are the MOST prized Yemeni coffee by the Yemeni people and by the aficionados.
A hire is an employee
Hires accountants for temporary and permanent positions.
Hires are acts.
Hires are authorization.
Hires are employees.
Hires are films.
Hires are helpings.
Hires claim adjusters and investigators.
Hires normally have four to seven years of professional experience in addition to their degree.
Hires take place on an as needed basis.
Hires often occur quickly, so students are encouraged to apply as soon as possible.
All hires are effectively immediately.
All hires are subject to availability.
All hires carry a ninety day replacement guarantee.
All hires get stock options when they walk in the door, and many have become millionaires.
Every hire involves a leap of faith.
Most hires move on to large dailies within a few years.
Hirin labor is very high.
Hiroha chichi take.
Hirschsprung disease is an important condition.
Hirsute women have higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure.
A hirsutism is an appearance
Hirsutism can result from diabetes, hypertension or elevated cholesterol.
Hirsutism can run in families, result from hormone imbalances, or occur as a medicinal side effect.
Hirsutism induced by androgen excess begins at puberty and is slowly progressive.
Hirsutism is a condition in which there is excessive growth of hair on the face or body.
Hirsutism is almost always the result of excess effect of androgens on the hair follicles.
Hirsutism is both congenital and acquired.
Hirsutism is excess terminal hair growth in women with a male distribution pattern.
Hirsutism is nearly always genetic in origin.
Hirsutism is one of the more distressing and obvious symptoms of polycystic ovarian syndrome.
Hirsutism is the medical term for excess body or facial hair in women.
Hirsutism is the presence of excessive body or facial hair.
Hirsutism is very common.
Hirsutism seems to run in families.
Hirsutism usually begins around puberty, but mild hirsutism can start at any age.
Hisacademic interests revolve around geology as applied to human problems.
Hispanic business makes up only three percent of the total number of companies in the country.
Hispanic center opens.
Hispanic children are also at higher risk.
Hispanic children are far less likely to be covered than either white or black children.
Hispanic children are in the worst performing, most segregated schools in the country.
Hispanic children are more likely to live below the poverty level.
Hispanic children are the least likely to be enrolled.
Hispanic children can be of any race.
Hispanic children continue to attend public schools that are ethnically and economically segregated.
Hispanic children live on both the American continents.
Hispanic children make up the largest minority population.
Hispanic children show the highest rates of infection in Texas.
Hispanic children start elementary school with less preschool experience than white children .
Some Hispanic children assimilate their adopted culture so well they risk losing their native one.
Hispanic church has renovations and repairs to be completed.
Hispanic churches worship in a different way than white churches.
Some Hispanic congregations worship with a local English speaking congregation.
Hispanic cuisine uses thick, fresh creams to add richness to many dishes.
Hispanic culture is also extensively studied through readings, movies, music, art and other media.
Hispanic culture is attuned to the mysteries of life.
Hispanic culture is introduced.
Hispanic Culture Learn about the Hispanic music and culture of the Northern Rio.
Hispanic culture permeates contemporary Texas life.
Hispanic culture tends to emphasize obedience and to value respect for adult authority.
Hispanic Cultures come to life.
Some Hispanic culture is discussed.
Hispanic data reflect a similar pattern.
Hispanic domestics are a staple in media depictions of affluent American families.
Many Hispanic employees lack health benefits or retirement pensions.
Hispanic entrepreneurs are a powerful force in America's new economy.
Hispanic ethnicity includes persons of any race.
Hispanic faculty are models of academic achievement and success in the work place for our students.
Hispanic families are more likely to be poor than non-Hispanic families.
Hispanic families are sometimes apprehensive about a system they don t fully understand.
Some Hispanic families live with their relatives all their life.
Hispanic gangs comprise the majority of the gang population in California.
Hispanic girls have higher dropout and pregnancy rates than other girls.
Hispanic group maps out districts.
Hispanic households are half as likely to own a computer as their white counterparts.
Hispanic households have even less wealth than blacks.
Hispanic households represent a significant portion of total U.S. consumer spending.
Hispanic immigrants are family oriented and very religious catholics.
Hispanic immigrants have no desire to learn English.
Hispanic influence is a whole new culture in the Americas.
Hispanic influence is all over the Bay Area, of course.
Hispanic influence is visible in architecture, folk art, contemporary art and clothing.
Hispanic inmates call their cells their canton.
Hispanic kids are just as dead when they fall out of a pickup.
Hispanic listeners are receptive to evangelical radio, producers agree.
Hispanic literature is introduced.
Hispanic literature tends to be passionate, often dealing with politics and romance.
Many Hispanic males prefer that their wives stay home with the children.
Hispanic men are also resistant to the movement.
Hispanic men are sexist and oversexed.
Hispanic men call everyone sen'or.
Hispanic men tend to be laconic, and only more recently have begun to seek help from doctors.
Hispanic markets are a good source.
Hispanic ministries is an exciting part of Open Bible Churches.
Hispanic ministry is one focus.
Hispanic ministry is the primary emphasis of the parish.
Hispanic mothers have the same concerns of all mother in the nation.
Hispanic nations hold the middle ground.
Hispanic origin is reported for all states except New Hampshire and Oklahoma.
Hispanic pamphlets are in English and Spanish.
Hispanic parents see education as the way to open the doors of opportunity for their children.
Many Hispanic parents have a limited educational background.
Many Hispanic parents have more problems with English than their kids.
Some Hispanic parents say they are unrepresented and largely ignored.
Hispanic people are real macho people.
Hispanic people are very happy, friendly, generous people.
Hispanic people do the hard work.
Hispanic persons can be of any race.
Hispanic pols are at the throats of the Jewish pols in the Bronx . . .
Hispanic population arrives.
Hispanic populations are highly concentrated.
Hispanic religiosity emphasizes spirituality-it's a piety that's grounded in day to day experiences.
Hispanic residents admit it's difficult to trust police officers.
Hispanic residents come from varying backgrounds.
Hispanic residents say it promotes a negative image.
Hispanic residents say it promotes a negative stereotype.
Hispanic seniors are almost as far behind on the same measures.
Hispanic seniors face in accessing government services.
Hispanic students appear to be particularly affected by the achievement of other Hispanic students.
Hispanic students appear to gain the most from attending community colleges.
Hispanic students are about four times as likely to drop out of high school as are whites.
Hispanic students are among the nation's most educationally disadvantaged.
Hispanic students are different.
Hispanic students are more likely than black students to feel afraid.
Hispanic students are more likely to leave school than black or white students.
Hispanic students are more likely to try cocaine, crack, and heroin than any other ethnic group.
Hispanic students are more segregated in schools than any other minority group.
Hispanic students are the third largest minority at school.
Hispanic students comprise a huge chunk of the student body at both schools.
Hispanic students gather at university.
Hispanic students trail the rest of California's population, both academically and economically.
All Hispanic students speak Spanish.
Many Hispanic students live in the nation s most economically distressed areas.
Many Hispanic students live in the nation's most economically distressed areas.
Many Hispanic students struggle for years to become completely fluent in English.
Hispanic teens are the centerpiece of American youth culture.
Hispanic teens continue to have the highest rate of teen births.
Hispanic unemployment is at an all-time low.
Hispanic volume justifies greater investment.
Hispanic voters are a different dynamic.
Hispanic voters are also like other voters in their priorities.
Hispanic voters bolster Democratic strength throughout most of the district.
Hispanic women are also more frequent victims of abuse by their male counterparts.
Hispanic women are at similar risk for fractures as white women.
Hispanic women are exotic and subservient.
Hispanic women are four times as likely.
Hispanic women are late-comers to the women's movement, says a university professor.
Hispanic women are less likely than Hispanic men to be current smokers.
Hispanic women are most apt to be living below the poverty level.
Hispanic women are often in the best position to utilize that resource.
Hispanic women are particularly at risk.
Hispanic women have a significant risk for developing the disease.
Hispanic women seem to take it as par for the course.
Hispanic women smoke less on a daily basis than do Caucasian women.
Hispanic workers are crucial to filling labor needs.
Hispanic workers are increasingly important to North Carolina agriculture.
Hispanic youth develop attitudes for success.
Hisprimary interest lies in the longitudinal aspects of monitoring exercise training.
Hiss cockroaches begin life.
Hiss cockroaches have antennas.
Hiss cockroaches live up to years.
Hisses are noise.
A hisser is a communicator
Hissers are communicators.
Hissers give live birth to babies about the size of small watermellon seeds.
Hissers have a long life cycle and live for a long time.
Hissers live on the forest floor probably in rotten logs and leaf litter, eating fallen fruit.
A hissing is noise
Hissing can make someone pause and take a step back.
Hissing drops tense and vanish.
Hissing is a scorn and rebuke.
Hissing is a sign of difficulty or uncomfortableness .
Hissing is also part of the cockroach's mating ritual, and can be used as an effective alarm cry.
Hissing is fun, but only at the appropriate times.
Hissing is okay.
Hissing is sometimes appropriate.
Hissing sound kind old it's campaign to thrive here for said.
Hissing sounds come out of speakers when they are turned up too high.
Histamine forms postmortem by bacterial action on the amino acid, L-histidine.
Histamine release is very rare.
Histamine affects nearby nerves resulting in itching.
Histamine aids the thalamus in sensory integration.
Histamine also causes dilation of blood vessels, increasing blood flow into the area.
Histamine also causes intense itching.
Histamine also causes itchiness by acting on sensory nerve terminals.
Histamine also causes vasodilation which results in increased blood flow to the area.
Histamine also dilates small blood vessels and increases their permeability.
Histamine also opens up blood vessels.
Histamine also stimulates the secretion of the digestive enzyme gastrin.
Histamine can also cause some persons to have hives, with severe itching of the skin.
Histamine can also close bronchial tubes and make breathing difficult.
Histamine can be present in the nose, sinuses, ears, and throat.
Histamine can cause inflammation directly as well as indirectly.
Histamine can cause itching, sneezing, runny nose and watery eyes.
Histamine can cause itching, sneezing, runny nose, and watery eyes.
Histamine causes a child to react by wheezing, sneezing, having runny eyes or itching.
Histamine causes allergy symptoms.
Histamine causes blood vessels to dilate, leaking fluid.
Histamine causes hives, itching, and flushing.
Histamine causes inflammation.
Histamine causes many allergic symptoms.
Histamine causes pain inflammation.
Histamine causes small blood vessels to widen.
Histamine causes symptoms.
Histamine causes the nose lining to swell, itch, and produce excess mucus.
Histamine causes the skin to break out in hives.
Histamine causes the tissues to itch, swell, and produce more mucus or tears than is normal.
Histamine causes tiny blood vessels to leak fluid, the fluid gathers in the skin and causes a rash.
Histamine causes vasodilation and increased vascular permeability.
Histamine dilates blood vessels and makes the vessel walls abnormally permeable.
Histamine directs some neurotransmitters to operate sub-systems to regulate water intake.
Histamine has many actions in both the periphery and in the central nervous system.
Histamine helps regulate blood pressure and gastric secretion.
Histamine increases capillary permeability to small solutes.
Histamine induces a series of allergic reactions in humans.
Histamine is a cell mediator usually involved in the inflammatory response.
Histamine is a chemical in some cells of the body that causes production of acid in the stomach.
Histamine is a chemical present in the gastric mucosa.
Histamine is a chemical produced in the body from the essential amino acid histidine.
Histamine is a mediator in the gastrin stimulated release of gastric acid.
Histamine is a natural blood vessel dilator while antihistamine tends to constrict blood vessels.
Histamine is a neurotransmitter that is regulated during delta sleep.
Histamine is a normal chemical of the body.
Histamine is a potent inhibitor of neutrophil microbicidal activity.
Histamine is a potent stimulant of acid secretion in the stomach.
Histamine is a powerful chemical that causes the cells to swell and itch.
Histamine is a substance that is found in the body, and acts as a mediator, affecting many systems.
Histamine is a vasoactive chemical.
Histamine is a.
Histamine is also a powerful stimulant of the sneeze reflex.
Histamine is also responsible for sneezing, itching and irritation in the nasal and throat passages.
Histamine is amine.
Histamine is an amplifying substance in acid secretion.
Histamine is an example of such a mediator.
Histamine is an important protein involved in many allergic reactions.
Histamine is an inflammatory substance released during allergic response.
Histamine is associated with increased nasal and sinus congestion.
Histamine is chemical compounds.
Histamine is chemically similar to serotonin, epinephrine, and norepine-phrine.
Histamine is extracted from a sample in a quick water extraction process.
Histamine is extracted from a sample using a quick water extraction process.
Histamine is heat-stable and survives thermal processing.
Histamine is involved in allergy and inflammatory response.
Histamine is located in neurons within the caudal hypothalamus.
Histamine is made predominantly by the mast cell.
Histamine is neurotransmitters.
Histamine is one of the biogene amines.
Histamine is one of the body's triggers for promoting inflammation.
Histamine is one of the primary mediators of gastric acid secretion.
Histamine is one of the principal chemicals involved in the allergic response.
Histamine is paraffin
Histamine is present in all body tissues and produced by the mast cells found in connective tissue.
Histamine is primarily responsible for watery, itchy eyes and many other typical allergic symptoms.
Histamine is primary preformed vasoactive mediator in basophils and mast cells.
Histamine is released by body tissues during an allergic reaction.
Histamine is released by certain cells during an allergic reaction.
Histamine is released during allergic reaction, and caused itching and watery eyes.
Histamine is released from cells called mast cells by either an allergic or non-allergic reaction.
Histamine is released from certain white blood cells when they break down.
Histamine is released in high quantities after injury or trauma.
Histamine is released in response to injury by foreign substances such as pollens.
Histamine is released that produces the typical allergy symptoms.
Histamine is released when a person's immune system tries to fight a foreign substance.
Histamine is responsible for flulike symptoms.
Histamine is responsible for many allergic symptoms.
Histamine is responsible for many allergy symptoms such as sneezing and nasal congestion.
Histamine is responsible for the itching, swelling and increased mucus secretion.
Histamine is stored in granules within mast cells together with other vasoactive chemicals.
Histamine is synthesized by the decarboxylation of the amino acid histidine.
Histamine is the main substance responsible for the symptoms characteristic of an allergic reaction.
Histamine is the most potent stimulus for HCl secretion.
Histamine is the product of the decomposition of a chemical compound found in most fish.
Histamine is the substance that causes such symptoms as watery eyes and itchy nose.
Histamine is to be used only under the supervision of a doctor.
Histamine is what causes the allergic symptoms.
Histamine is what causes the sneezing, runny nose, and watery eyes associated with most allergies.
Histamine is, however, only one of many mediators that can induce pruritus of the skin.
Histamine isa compound.
Histamine mediates many allergic responses.
Histamine narrows air passages in the lungs and contributes to inflammation.
Histamine produces hives, watery eyes, sneezing, and itching.
Histamine protects T cells and natural killer cells against oxidative stress.
Histamine serves as a neurotransmitter and neuromodulator in the brain.
Histamine suppresses non-NMDA excitatory synaptic currents in rat supraoptic nucleus neurons.
Histamine when liberated into the blood skin can cause redness, swelling and itching.
Histamines are another culprit in red wines that can cause headaches.
Histamines are the chemicals responsible for eye irritation and itching.
Histamines can cause swelling in the intestines, joints, lungs, sinus and skin.
Histamines can reduce or eliminate the effects of the antihistamines that cause allergy symp- toms.
Histamines cause inflammation in the nose, eyes, lungs, skin and digestive system, etc.
Histamines cause vasodialation and increased vascular permeability.
Histamines tend to dilate blood vessels.
Some histamine causes allergic reaction.
Some histamine causes initial reaction.
Some histamine causes reaction.
Some histamine produces symptoms.
Histaminergic activity remains normal in portocaval shunted rats.
Histaminergic antagonists alter food intake patterns in protein deficient rats.
Histidine decarboxylase catalyzes the formation of histamine from L-histidine.
A histidine is amino acid
Histidine attenuates cerebral vasospasm in a rabbit model of subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Histidine Becomes histamine.
Histidine increases estrogen and progesterone receptor levels in rat mammary tumors.
Histidine increases it the least.
Histidine increases the operational stability of lactase.
Histidine is a precursor of histamine.
Histidine is a weak base.
Histidine is an amino acid that can bind to metal.
Histidine is elevated in the blood and urine in a genetic condition called histidinemia.
Histidine is good for removing metals from the body.
Histidine is one of the basic amino acids important to life.
Histidine is released from mast cells when provoked by such things as nettle and bee stings.
Histidine is the precursor of histamine.
Histidine is used by the body to create histamines, which are triggered in allergic reactions.
Histidine plays an important part in the production of red and white blood cells.
Histidine stabilizes lactase by delaying unfolding.
Histidines are amino acid.
Histidines are chemical compounds.
A histiocyte is a macrophage
Histiocytes are scavenger cells, the cells responsible for removing tissue debris from the body.
Histiocytes predominate the pseudocyst wall.
Histiocytic proliferations can mimic melanocytic tumors and vice versa.
Histiocytic sarcoma is the most common nonlymphoid hematopoietic neoplasm of rats and mice.
Histiocytosis causes certain white blood cells to multiply and attack healthy organs.
Histiocytosis is a big word for a bad disease.
Histiocytosis is a mysterious disease that in a lot of ways resembles cancer.
Histiocytosis is a rare, mysterious and sometimes fatal disease that primarily affects children.
Histiocytosis is blood disorder
Histiocytosis is considered to be an orphan disease and receives little or no funding for research.
Histiocytosis is one such disease.
Histiocytosis represents three related diseases which range from benign to aggressive.
Histiocytosis strikes young children and adults.
Histiocytosis syndromes in children.
Histochemical stains reveal a reduction in succinic acid dehydrogenase activity.
Histochemical studies show that AGEs are components of senile plaques and neurofibrillary tangles .
Histogenetic differentiation begins later.
Histogram equalization has the same effect on pixel values.
Histogram equalization is unlinear, so do that as the last stage.
Histogram equalization produces an equal number of pixels for each level of brightness in the image.
A histogram is a bar graph
Histogram analyses of DEMs can often determine the likely contour values of source maps.
Histogram isa chart.
Histograms are a useful way to summarize frequency data.
Histograms are bar charts.
Histograms are good.
Histograms are in the usual place.
Histograms are most convenient for large data sets in regularly spaced bins.
Histograms are one of the most commonly used and misused graphical display type.
Histograms are sensitive to changes in bin width and midpoints for small amounts of data.
Histograms are sometimes faulty.
Histograms are the most commonly used method.
Histograms are useful when comparing the same variable for two groups of observations.
Histograms are visual representations of how well a group of students did on a test or quiz.
Histograms can be difficult to judge, as their interpretations are sensitive to bin size.
Histograms convey information about percentages by area.
Histograms display numeric data in bars.
Histograms have a slightly different data format than other graphs.
Histograms have nothing to do with pictures of female reproductive sterilization.
Histograms indicate the number of cases as a function of parameter value.
Histograms link now functional.
Histograms present large amounts of information in a very compact form.
Histograms provide both linear and square-root y axis scaling.
Histograms provide good graphical indication of system repeatability and control conditions.
Histograms show continuity of data i.e. continuous interval.
Histograms show distributions of some statistics, and can be plotted either with bars or lines.
Histograms show how many data points fall in a particular range of values.
Histograms show sharp peaks at elevations that are multiples of the source s contour interval.
Histologic appearance is highly variable.
Histologic appearances are variable.
Histologic classification correlates moderately with gross appearance and prognosis.
Histologic combinations are common, eg, teratocarcinoma contains teratoma plus embryonal carcinoma.
Histologic confirmation is required to establish the diagnosis of squamous cell carcinoma.
Histologic confirmation shows an absence of cells.
Histologic diagnosis depends on examination of a liver biopsy.
Histologic diagnosis is made on bronchial washings or transbronchial or transthoracic biopsy.
Histologic diagnosis is the only definitive test.
Histologic exam reveals vegetable matter consistent with a nut.
Histologic examination confirms the presence of mature cartilage or bone.
Histologic examination establishes the diagnosis.
Histologic examination reveals superficial spongiotic dermatitis associated with a hair follicle.
Histologic examination shows hypertrophy and hyperplasia of muscle cells.
Histologic examination shows nondiagnostic changes.
Histologic findings are subtle.
Histologic findings are typical of immune complex glomerulonephritis.
Histologic findings show axonal degeneration with perivascular mononuclear infiltrates.
Histologic findings vary and comprise a small, noncleaved type and a large, immunoblastic type.
Histologic grade is considered an important prognostic parameter.
Histologic lesions are in the brainstem and spinal cord.
Histologic lesions are most common in the liver and intestine.
Histologic section shows myxoid liposarcoma.
Histologic studies suggest a traumatic etiology for OS disease.
Histologic studies support a traumatic etiology.
Histologic studies using tissue from breast cancer patients are in progress.
Histologic study reveals massive iron deposits in the basal ganglia.
Histologic technicians have an unlimited choice of practice settings.
Histologic technicians play important roles in the detection of cancer cells.
Histologic techniques use chemical stains to look at tissues under the microscope.
Histological appearance is of incipient haemorrhagic infarction of the intestine.
Histological characteristics are typical of T.B. granulomas.
Histological diagnosis is essential in either case to rule out malignant lesions.
Histological diagnosis is sometimes difficult and needs voluminous fresh fragments.
Histological examination reveals a typical ulcerated, keratinising squamous cell carcinoma.
Histological examination reveals mononuclear cell infiltration, myocyte damage, and fibrosis.
Histological examination shows an area of thinning that is epithelialized, clear, and avascular.
Histological examination shows argyrophilic plaques to be numerous.
Histological feature shows well to moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Histological fixation introduces an extra set of experimental variables.
Histological grade is the best predictor of progression.
Histological investigation confirms both gastritis and helicobacter infection.
Histological lesions are similar to other arboviruses and herpesvirus encephalopathies.
Histological patterns vary from round cell, myxoid, well differentiated, and pleomorphic type.
Histological picture is consistent with ulcerative colitis.
Histological response is one reason to treat.
Histological slides are part of the laboratory exercises.
Many histological stains fail to react with the specimen in the epoxy media.
Histological studies identify the cause of the lesions.
A histology is a microscopic anatomy
Histology begins with the structure and activities of the cell.
Histology currently has some histotechnique built into it.
Histology deals with techniques for looking at tissues under a microscope.
Histology deals with tissues, and cytology with the fine structures of individual cells.
Histology demonstrates an overgrowth of enlarged endothelial lined vascular spaces.
Histology features deposits of beta amyloid, neuronal loss and neurofibrillary tangles.
Histology includes cytochemical and immunocytochemical staining and labeling.
Histology involves visualizing the bacteria under the microscope.
Histology is a valuable predictor of progression.
Histology is an exciting and dynamic field.
Histology is an image-intensive discipline.
Histology is an integral part of the course.
Histology is an integral part of the unit.
Histology is characterized by an intense perivascular infiltrate extending into subcutaneous fat.
Histology is diagnostic and simple excision curative.
Histology is done to both qualify and quantify the tissue at the experimental site.
Histology is fundamental to an understanding of pathology and elements of cell biology.
Histology is nonspecific.
Histology is normally a relatively inexpensive technique.
Histology is shown below.
Histology is the basis for understanding physiologic and pathologic processes.
Histology is the microscopic study of tissue structure.
Histology is the science of the minute structure of cells, tissues and organs.
Histology is the study of cell and tissue structure at the microscopic level.
Histology is the study of how cells are organized into tissue.
Histology is the study of the organization of tissues and organs using the microscope.
Histology is the study of the structure of tissues.
Histology is the study of tissues, including cellular structure and function.
Histology is the study of tissues.
Histology is usually squamous cell carcinoma arising from dysplasia.
Histology meets several times a week for lecture and two afternoons a week for lab.
Histology Offers next-day output of slides and stains for diagnostic purposes.
Histology prepares tissues from biopsies and surgery for examination by a pathologist.
Histology refers to the actual tumor pathology.
Histology reveals an infectious colitis.
Histology reveals tumorous growth of the glands of brunner, which implies benign proliferation.
Histology reveals typical foam cells.
Histology shows a cellular interstitial pneumonia.
Histology shows a lymphocytic bronchitis, focal squamous metaplasia, and luminal PMNs.
Histology shows epidermolytic hyperkeratosis.
Histology shows extensive neuronal loss and gliosis.
Histology shows hyperkeratosis, papillomatosis, acanthosis, and variable acantholysis.
Histology shows luminal obstruction of the distal tubules and collecting ducts by urate crystals.
Histology shows sebaceous gland hypertrophy, scarring, acanthosis, and frequent telangiectasia.
Histology shows subepidermal blister with an intact epidermis.
Histology shows suprabasilar clefting, acantholysis, dyskeratosis, and keratinous plug.
Histone acetylation is a critical step in clearing the way for the transcription initiation complex.
Histone acetylation plays a key role in the regulation of eukaryotic gene expression.
Histone genes have no introns.
Histone binding proteins are basic nuclear proteins, which are involved in the nucleosome structure.
Histone is a simple protein
Histone is proteins.
Histone mediates glomerular deposition of small size DNA anti-DNA complex.
Histones act as a spool around which DNA can wind.
Histones act as spools around which DNA winds , and play a role in gene regulation .
Histones act as spools around which DNA winds .
Histones act as spools around which DNA winds, and play a role in gene regulation.
Histones act as spools around which DNA winds.
Histones are a. the noncoding sequences of DNA b. the coding sequences of DNA c.
Histones are absent.
Histones are proteins present in all eukaryotic cells.
Histones are proteins rich in lysine and arginine residues and thus positively-charged.
Histones are proteins that bind to DNA and package it into compact structures to form chromosomes .
Histones are proteins used to package DNA in eukaryotes.
Histones are rich in basic amino acids.
Histones are small proteins that are responsible for packaging DNA into chromosomes.
Histones are small proteins which are basic because they have a high content of arginine or lysine.
Histones are small, basic proteins that neutralize the charge.
Histones are some of the most conserved molecules during the course of evolution.
Histones are the fundamental proteins involved in binding DNA into nucleosomes .
Histones are the only proteins known to be associated with chromatin.
Histones are uniformly inhibitory to already-active euchromatin.
Histones are unusual proteins with respect to their net electrostatic charge.
Histones associate with DNA to form nucleosomes .
Histones cause the DNA to be wrapped up into tightly bound structures called chromatin.
Histones form the chromatin while non histones maintain chromatin structure.
Histones help coil and package the DNA into a very small volume.
Histones help protect the DNA from degradation.
Histones organize the DNA and keep it from getting tangled, much like thread wrapped around a spool.
Histones possess and unusually high content of the basic amino acids arginine and lysine.
Histones undergo changes which alter their interaction with DNA and nuclear proteins.
Histopathologic changes are roughly the same for all forms of lupus erythematosus.
Histopathologic characteristics accompany nearly each entity.
Histopathologic examination reveals numerous thickened collagen fibers in the dermis.
Histopathologic findings are non-specific.
Some histopathological changes illustrate imaging device limitations.
Histopathological confirmation is mandatory when atypical clinical aspects are present.
Histopathological examination demonstrates typical noncaseating granulomas.
Histopathological examination let to the final diagnosis.
Histopathological findings are often close to what is observed in cloacogenic carcinoma.
Histopathological studies reveal abundant macrophages in the lesioned areas.
Histopathological study is important and required opinion from an experienced pathologist.
Historial facts are a natural part of the story.
Historians of science can identify several large steps in the development.
Historians of science have a great deal to learn from it.
A historian is a student
Historian consists of two separate functional components, a recorder and a reporter.
Historian is open.
Historian isa individual.
Historian isa person.
Historian isa somebody.
Historian isa someone.
Historian pays a heavy price for translating biorgaphy critical of Ataturk.
Historians abound in the nation's museums and art galleries.
Historians agree on some points, and disagree on others.
Historians agree that they originated in the area of Northern India and Pakistan.
Historians also abound in other departments.
Historians also disagree on the nature of the conflict itself.
Historians also revise interpretations of the past based on new evidence.
Historians also teach a more nuanced view of American motives.
Historians also think about the purpose of a source.
Historians approach the study of the past in many ways.
Historians are always careful to check the reliability of sources of information.
Historians are available to answer questions.
Historians are aware of many eclipses that played an important role in shaping world events.
Historians are aware of the unique distinctions in the story of early Crawford County.
Historians are equally divided.
Historians are experts in cause and effect.
Historians are famous for citing objectivity in their research.
Historians are free to do their jobs, by their own criteria.
Historians are frequently in the position of reading other people's mail.
Historians are good at locating content, but an effective web site needs careful design.
Historians are indeed fortunate to have such caring caretakers.
Historians are interested in change, and in how it happens.
Historians are less keen.
Historians are mixed when it comes to where the document came from originally.
Historians are no prophets but the writing on the wall is for everybody to see.
Historians are nothing less than the guardians of the future.
Historians are notorious for making conclusions based on faulty economic reasoning.
Historians are often untrained in using material culture as evidence.
Historians are omnivorous when it comes to evidence.
Historians are pessimists because they ignore the banks for the river.
Historians are probably already familiar with related concepts as they apply to modernism.
Historians are prone, like most people are, to opinions based on their own experiences.
Historians are responsible for reminding everybody that STDs have memories, too.
Historians are scholars.
Historians are so selective about history that they virtually re-write it.
Historians are sometimes more unbiased and truthful than religious leaders.
Historians are such students.
Historians are the keepers of the truth.
Historians are unanimous in declaring that extreme poverty exists everywhere.
Historians are usually quite reluctant to come out with such grand propositions.
Historians are very much like other people.
Historians are well-versed in the bisexuality of Grecian culture.
Historians argue among themselves.
Historians argue to what extent failure to adapt caused the demise of the Roman Empire.
Historians ask different questions about the past.
Historians ask questions about the past and seek to construct meaningful stories from it.
Historians ask questions of the past.
Historians believe conflicts with aboriginals eventually led to the demise of their settlement.
Historians believe it was all one, big excuse to go camping.
Historians believe it was no fluke.
Historians believe that books have endured because they are remarkably well engineered.
Historians believe that by reading the past, they are able to predict the future.
Historians believe that Chinese art particularly sculpture of the time had strong foreign influence.
Historians believe that many others went uncounted.
Historians believe that pagans originally marked the day with agricultural and fertility rituals.
Historians believe that the colder temperatures brought food and fuel shortages.
Historians believe the coastal areas of eastern Scotland carved out the world's first greens.
Historians believe the first paper was made from old rags and the bark of a mulberry tree.
Historians believe the pagans first used the scallop shell as a symbol of fertility.
Historians believe the sculpture was originally intended for the artist's tomb monument.
Historians believe the steeples replaced domes that once graced the structure.
Historians believe they made their own wine from the grapes of their vineyard.
Historians best learn about their profession by talking about it with their peers.
Historians borrow tools freely from other disciplines.
Historians call for national teach-ins.
Historians call it a 'civilising process'.
Historians call it a crime.
Historians call it one of a kind.
Historians call it the American Revolution.
Historians call it the annus mirabilis, the miracle year.
Historians can argue endlessly about such things.
Historians can barely agree on the past, let alone predict the future.
Historians can be boring.
Historians can be no more certain.
Historians can become editors rather than writers.
Historians can explain the historical and social importance.
Historians can include and study lots of competing voices.
Historians can often deduce exact dates of ancient writings simply because an eclipse is mentioned.
Historians can only write from their own perspective.
Historians can 'read' banners for evidence in much the same way as documents.
Historians can trace similarities and differences in gendered nationalisms across place and time.
Historians can usually find feet of clay, or a mean streak, in heroes.
Historians can write good history oblivious of their craft's traditions and of their own methods.
Historians choose documents that reveal most accurately the facts they wish to know.
Historians claim that Mongol-style wrestling originated some seven thousand years ago.
Historians claim that the customary way of carrying the cross was entirely different.
Historians claim to master no more than a small aspect of history's true scope.
Historians conduct candlelight tours of Virginia's first documented cave.
Historians confirm that history is cyclic, and that events repeat themselves from time to time.
Historians confirm that the story is derived from fact.
Historians conjecture that it was first used as an architectural and artisic references.
Historians consider it one of the major historical works of the Middle Ages.
Historians consider the actual number to be much higher.
Historians consider the Battle of Saratoga to be the major turning point of the American Revolution.
Historians consider the battle to be a major turning point in history.
Historians consider the Greensboro sit-ins a watershed in the American civil rights movement.
Historians consider the tale to be pure legend.
Historians construct a causal structure in their minds out of the available documentation.
Historians consult cemetery records to confirm events that happened in the past.
Historians continue to dispute the identification.
Historians count five distinct Arab-Israeli wars.
Historians deal with dates and sequences of dates.
Historians deal with the goals, fears, interests, opinions, and prejudices of people in the past.
Historians describe and analyze the past through writing, teaching, and research.
Historians describe early clinical training programs as rigorous and exhausting.
Historians describe history.
Historians describe situations.
Historians differ as to the events.
Historians differ as to the origin of the name.
Historians differ on many things.
Historians differ on the derivation of the name.
Historians differ on whether so many signers paid so harsh a price.
Historians differ on whether the duel was real or a product of Soviet propaganda.
Historians differ on whether tweed originated in the highlands or the south of Scotland.
Historians dig deeper than people trying to remember if they took their medication last night.
Historians disagree about how long the Cold War lasted.
Historians disagree about how to categorize the machine pictured above.
Historians disagree about the origin of the word.
Historians disagree on exactly what it was.
Historians disagree on just how representative the system was.
Historians disagree on many points.
Historians disagree on the meaning of the first name.
Historians disagree on when runes first came into use.
Historians disagree to which was the first organized club.
Historians disagree, vehemently, as to slavery's precise role in the Civil War.
Historians discuss the magic of freeing the past from the chains of reality.
Historians dispute the details of the explorer's clouded childhood.
Historians distinguish three phases to the raids.
Historians divide the development of arms and armor in Russia into three periods.
Historians divide the Holocaust characters into executors, victims, and observers.
Historians divide the Scyths into various sub-tribes according to their way of life.
Historians divide Western history into three periods.
Historians do a great deal of writing, but for some, writing is the primary responsibility.
Historians do agree, however, that no other century suffered more sheer slaughter.
Historians do it for prosperity.
Historians do tend, for ease of identification, to append biographical labels to periods of history.
Historians do too, but they deny that they make choices.
Historians emphasize the antiquity and flexibility of the English constitution.
Historians employ a number of different approaches in the process of recreation.
Historians enjoy neither the votes nor financial clout to carry much weight with most politicians.
Historians equate the sport with ancient Rome's gladiatorial contests.
Historians estimate centuries.
Historians estimate results.
Historians estimate that Go originated as one of the tools of the astrologer to foretell the future.
Historians estimate that only a fraction fled slavery.
Historians estimate that several hundred thousand people populated Athens.
Historians expect bias, even mendacity, in primary sources.
Historians explain success.
Historians expose myths of Israel's birth.
Historians face such questions all the time when the subject is the Holocaust.
Historians find information.
Historians find materialist philosophy in the dirty books of the eighteenth century.
Historians find remote references in other people's records about the kingdom.
Historians find themselves at a loss to explain Jewish continuity.
Historians find things that all cultures and civilizations have in common.
Historians first ask the most basic question.
Historians forgive errors in Pearl Harbor as film renews interest.
Historians generally agree that history proper begins when humans began to communicate by writing.
Historians generally agree that the South's economic strength was sapped by the blockade.
Historians generally consider the fly shuttle to be the next big step in weaving development.
Historians generally study the lives of people as recorded in written documents.
Historians generally tend to sneer at military history.
Historians go astray quickly when predicting the future.
Historians go back through the ages, taking records and accounts of trials and triumphs of the past.
Historians have (part) arms.
Historians have (part) body substances.
Historians have (part) cell membranes.
Historians have (part) cells.
Historians have (part) corpi.
Historians have (part) cytoplasm.
Historians have (part) heads.
Historians have (part) human bodies.
Historians have (part) legs.
Historians have (part) material bodies.
Historians have (part) necks.
Historians have (part) nuclei.
Historians have (part) personality.
Historians have (part) plasma membranes.
Historians have (part) sections.
Historians have (part) vacuoles.
Historians have a great many inscriptions in the language, but most are very brief.
Historians have a pretty good idea why such lamentations became, and remain, so popular.
Historians have an important role and potential employment here.
Historians have degrees.
Historians have different theories about the murder of the two princes.
Historians have different values and come to the material with different beliefs about the world.
Historians have education.
Historians have great weight in shaping our collective memory.
Historians have master degrees.
Historians have no magic ingredient for getting at the truth.
Historians have nothing to do with fiction.
Historians have since come to call it The Great Awakening.
Historians have the rest.
Historians have therefore to depend almost entirely on archaeological evidence.
Historians have to be sneaky in figuring out what sources can say.
Historians have to have time to work.
Historians have to use their imagination, but it is an imagination tightly bound in a web of facts.
Historians however believe otherwise.
Historians however understand religion as the cause of events which are the results of beliefs.
Historians identify both as late medieval Franciscan foundations.
Historians identify four major waves of Filipino migration to the United States.
Historians indicate that there was a belief that theatre led to immorality.
Historians interpret and analyze the history of our world.
Historians interpret the past.
Historians interview key leaders and service members.
Historians investigate the deeds and ideas of the past.
Historians join tour directors on most trips.
Historians jump right from mountain men to cowboys and longhorns and topics like that.
Historians know better.
Historians know little about Vesey's early life.
Historians know that a country which has been an empire finds that difficult to forget.
Historians know that one good story is worth many, many statistical tables.
Historians know that wolves and cougars once roamed here.
Historians know the account was written sometime within a period of about two hundred years.
Historians know the meeting occurred.
Historians know what a monograph or an article is supposed to look like.
Historians know why.
Historians learn to evaluate evidence and conflicting interpretations of past events.
Historians like to find personal ways of getting into history.
Historians like to learn from each other.
Historians list no fewer than fourteen temples in the city.
Historians live to dig, dig, dig into the details so that they can show what happened and why.
Historians look at institutions to find differences between eras or periods .
Historians look at institutions to find differences between eras or periods.
Historians love evidence.
Historians make little use of abstracts and indexes.
Historians mark the fall of Rome as the end of ancient history.
Historians measure the unknown by the known on the principle of analogy.
Historians mention finding earlier references to plans for a special prayer time.
Historians merely repeat each other.
Historians naturally incorporate their scholarship into their teaching.
Historians never observe the past.
Historians now believe Rome was built in a day.
Historians now look at that message as a scrambled sign of progress.
Historians NOW refer to the Bible for information about certain world historical events.
Historians now stress the importance of what was happening in the constituencies.
Historians ordinarily study only one or a few cases of interest.
Historians point out that other Presidents have had affairs.
Historians point out that that quotation was actually cleaned up a bit.
Historians point out the differences between the two close elections.
Historians prefer to use the French word trebuchet .
Historians propose a number of reasons.
Historians propose six possible reasons.
Historians provide advice on historical accounts and issues as well as preservation topics.
Historians rank it among the major battles that changed the course of history.
Historians read and write, research and teach.
Historians rely on the works of prior historians in writing their own books.
Historians rely upon evaluating the primary source documents they use for their research.
Historians repeat each other.
Historians rightly share a professional suspicion of fiction.
Historians say climatic change has contributed to the collapse of civilizations.
Historians say it has been shelled more than any other site in the Western Hemisphere.
Historians say it is one of our nation's finest canals.
Historians say it was riches and gold.
Historians say it was the most decisive battle of the Revolutionary War.
Historians say it's the only surviving source for some of the region's early history.
Historians say Japanese rule was harsh and exploitative.
Historians say Oregon was most likely named after one of two rivers.
Historians say otherwise.
Historians say that religion has been the major motivating force in all of human history.
Historians say the dispute permanently damaged the relationship between Tacoma and Seattle.
Historians say the names of papers in the area often changed during a three-week period.
Historians say the victory was decisive in opening the territory to the new nation.
Historians say theory is bogus.
Historians say there is a written record back to at least the sixth century.
Historians say there is evidence substantiating the claim.
Historians say there is no tombstone like it anywhere in America.
Historians say there is textual evidence to back up Iran's claim to have invented the game.
Historians say they disappeared without a trace.
Historians say they had pretty well displaced the landed aristocracy.
Historians seek critical documents and personal papers.
Historians seek first to determine what happened in the past and then to explain why it happened.
Historians seek to close the gap between the image and the reality of events.
Historians seem confused by the mixed message.
Historians seem to agree on a number of things.
Historians seem to agree that faculty retirements are driving the hiring boom.
Historians speak of the twentieth century as the age of nations and nationalism.
Historians speculate that the swamp supported thousands of runaways.
Historians spend a lot of time trying to figure out exactly what caused some event to happen.
Historians spend decades debating the impact of the Philippine defense, and why the islands fell.
Historians stand over the graves of great men to record their achievements.
Historians still argue over who and what sparked the war, but the outcome was clear and stark.
Historians still consider it one of the most reliable documents for research into the Civil War.
Historians still debate over which one emerged first.
Historians still debate the origin of the fires.
Historians still disagree on the derivation.
Historians still have no idea about the planning of the fire or who did it .
Historians still have no idea about the planning of the fire or who did it.
Historians still like to play the presidential greatness game.
Historians still research the mystery.
Historians struggle to save Chinese treasures from three gorges dam.
Historians study environments.
Historians support ideas.
Historians suspect that they saved the front seats for the rich and important people.
Historians take for granted the backdrop of intellectual and artistic disciplines.
Historians talk about ideas emerging simultaneously in different places.
Historians teach through source documents the way scientists teach through laboratories.
Historians tell of the decline of Greece and Rome.
Historians tend to falsify by leaving out the human element.
Historians tend to regard the emperor as a tyrant.
Historians tend to shy away from broad historical judgments and abstractions about whole cultures.
Historians tend to study what they find interesting.
Historians theorize the foot-tall bell was taken from a captured vessel or a plundered port town.
Historians think that Boulder City was named after Boulder Creek.
Historians think that the Korean people have lived in the area for thousands of years.
Historians think that the Vikings brought narwhal tusks back from their sea journeys.
Historians think the koto was born around the fifth to third century B.C. in China.
Historians think the Spanish flu became such a wide-spread epidemic in part because of the war.
Historians too are victims of the big headlines.
Historians touch at their peril any election so captivating.
Historians trace the ancient origins of written expression.
Historians trace the history of dancing back to ancient Egypt.
Historians travel back in time Slavery on the Mississippi is explored in Memphis museum.
Historians try to solve the mystery of where the outlaw is buried.
Historians typically identify political eras according to the dominant party of the times.
Historians use a variety of methods, tools, and techniques to find out about the past.
Historians use a wide variety of sources.
Historians use documents to create pictures of their re- constructions of the past.
Historians use footnotes or endnotes rather than parenthetical citations inserted in the text.
Historians use many sources in their research.
Historians use newspapers in interpreting community history.
Historians use primary sources to answer questions about the past.
Historians use primary sources to discover and interpret the past.
Historians use quantitative and qualitative methods.
Historians use scientific processes to learn about ancient cultures.
Historians use the term to refer to a wide range of cultural mixtures.
Historians use two main types of sources in their research, primary sources and secondary sources.
Historians view vectors of change through the eyeglass of social, political and economic forces.
Historians visit areas.
Historians wait their turn.
Historians wear many hats.
Historians weave tales of our colorful past and geologists share our natural history.
Historians work full time.
Historians work time.
Historians write history to make meaning out of what they think other people have experienced.
Historians write the final draft, presumably.
Historians always pick the topics they wish to investigate.
Historians frequently produce secondary evidence.
Historians often argue against how films distort the past.
Historians often debate to what extent work outside the home was liberating for women.
Historians often describe how events unfold or how one set of circumstances changes.
Historians often disagree about what to regard as the beginning of The Middle Ages.
Historians often disagree among themselves on what happened, and when.
Historians often evaluate the positive and negative aspects of past civilizations.
Historians often interject their own beliefs and biases when they write about the past.
Historians often ponder why the American Revolution was successful.
Historians often reach different opinions about the significance of the same data.
Historians often study and preserve archival materials.
Historians often tend to assume that societies are bounded and homogeneous.
Historians often use analogies when comparing today s events to the past.
Historians often use information that other historians have written.
Historians sometimes have no concept of the power envy has played in history.
Historians usually dismiss such statements.
Historians usually divide Sumerian history into three major periods.
Historians usually specialize in one area.
All historians agree that Borodino was the bloodiest battle since the introduction of gunpowder.
All historians are teachers in a fundamental sense.
All historians do the same.
All historians have a personal bias.
All historians make judgments, but their first duty is surely to try to understand.
All historians use evidence selectively, of necessity.
Every historian brings a mass of very slanted assumptions to filter what seem to be facts.
Every historian encounters the language and culture filter.
Every historian has a bias.
Every historian inevitably has a point of view.
Every historian knows that the Roman soldiers had a great red dragon insignia on their shields.
Every historian knows the horrifying facts.
Every historian sees history in a different light and has to choose what to include.
Many historians also are archaeologists.
Many historians are anthropologists too.
Many historians are employed at universities and other facilities for post-secondary education.
Many historians are far more critical.
Many historians are very sensitive about the fonts they use.
Many historians argue that it was a major reason that the Soviet Union fell apart.
Many historians argue that the duo never bothered with grave robbing and went straight to murder.
Many historians balk at campaigns to popularize the past, often with good reason.
Many historians believe it changed the course of history.
Many historians believe that it was newspaper-induced hysteria that led to the massacre.
Many historians believe that the Civil War was avoidable.
Many historians believe that the driving force behind the war was slavery.
Many historians believe the biblical account was borrowed from earlier flood stories.
Many historians claim that earlier humans hunted and ate animals.
Many historians consider Athelstan to be the first acknowledged true king of England.
Many historians consider it one of the turning points of the War.
Many historians consider it to be one of turning points of the War.
Many historians consider knighthood and chivalry to mean one and the same thing.
Many historians consider Logan the premier volunteer general of the Civil War.
Many historians consider the battle as a key turning point of the war.
Many historians consider the Battle of Chattanooga to be the beginning of the end of the Civil War.
Many historians consider the Roman occupation as subjugation of the population.
Many historians consider the Tang period the golden age of Chinese civilization.
Many historians credit the fall of the Roman Empire to lead poisoning.
Many historians credit the labor movement as the primary force behind the push for equality.
Many historians discern between ethnic cleansing and genocide largely on the basis of intent.
Many historians doubt that the incident took place.
Many historians go to diaries as source material.
Many historians now consider both wars as part of the same conflict.
Many historians now point to the trial as a turning point for judicial reform in the South.
Many historians only rely on inscriptions and great literary works of the period to write history.
Many historians say no, and common sense dictates otherwise.
Many historians say that figure is conservative.
Many historians see the period as one during which women lost rather than gained.
Many historians still discuss and argue what really happened that day.
Many historians supplement regular salaries by consulting, writing, and lecturing.
Many historians teach in colleges and universities.
Many historians think so, too.
Many historians think that was the benchmark, the beginning of the factory system.
Many historians write various things.
Most historians agree that it was likely suicide.
Most historians agree that the official record of U-boat activity off Maine is incomplete.
Most historians agree that the speech was delivered in the Salish dialect.
Most historians agree that Western culture was built on the work ethic.
Most historians agree the natives outnumbered the soldiers in that battle.
Most historians agree the plague came to Europe from East Asia aboard trading ships.
Most historians agree.
Most historians argue that cities are the vehicles of culture.
Most historians believe that berserkers worked themselves into a rage before battle.
Most historians believe that Thais originate from southern China and migrated south.
Most historians belong.
Most historians describe situations.
Most historians endure their share of tedium.
Most historians estimate centuries.
Most historians estimate results.
Most historians explain success.
Most historians feel that it came from Mexico and shifted south possibly through traders.
Most historians find information.
Most historians have a Ph.D. degree.
Most historians have an agenda and are willing to bend the facts to make the agenda work.
Most historians have degrees.
Most historians have education.
Most historians have it wrong.
Most historians have master degrees.
Most historians learn their conceptions of economics in history from each other.
Most historians now disagree.
Most historians probably agree.
Most historians revise history in some form or fashion.
Most historians seem to favor double credits.
Most historians support ideas.
Most historians take as a given the intellectual assumptions of the Cold War.
Most historians tend to believe the original story, however, discounting the naysayers s version.
Most historians tend to view the period as a great divide in Chinese history.
Most historians theorize that it was renamed when it re-established a post office.
Most historians think so.
Most historians think that a conspiracy theory of history is naive.
Most historians think the advent of more powerful weapons doomed the proud, sea-faring warriors.
Most historians use geographical areas as their guides.
Most historians visit areas.
Most historians work full time during standard business hours.
Most historians work full time.
Most historians work regular office hours.
Most historians work time.
Some historians accuse the Muslim clerics of assisting in the carnage.
Some historians are hesitant to share their wealth of information.
Some historians are of the opinion that they lived in the best part of Arabia viz.
Some historians are upset, though.
Some historians argue development.
Some historians argue that social conditions forced men into bushranging.
Some historians argue that the threat of an oil embargo helped propel Japan into the Pacific War.
Some historians argue that there was no economic decline in the tenth and eleventh century.
Some historians believe that economics is one powerful motive for the perpetuation of racism.
Some historians believe that English colony of Jamestown, Virginia , died out from typhoid.
Some historians believe that it is derived from the Indian words for either skunk or wild onion.
Some historians believe that sexual excesses and disease helped reduced the birth rate.
Some historians believe that they mixed up fully with the Indian people of that time .
Some historians believe that they mixed up fully with the Indian people of that time.
Some historians believe the Byzantine Empire began that year.
Some historians believe the disaster was triggered by a powerful earthquake.
Some historians believe the mass conversions spared England a revolutions such as took France.
Some historians believe the resultant drunkenness contributed to the ship's loss.
Some historians call it the best-preserved shortline in America.
Some historians cite incidents.
Some historians credit it as the first newspaper in the United States owned and operated by a woman.
Some historians debate the accuracy of the quote.
Some historians doubt that they ever existed and are merely an invention of ancient storytellers.
Some historians doubt, however, whether any blood connexion existed at all.
Some historians explain significance.
Some historians have some background in the subject.
Some historians insist that chili began in the prison meals served in the Southwest.
Some historians now view that estimate as fanciful, but it seemed believable at the time.
Some historians place the number at more than one dozen.
Some historians point to years of unfair legislation against the South.
Some historians pursue careers in researching, writing, and editing history.
Some historians push the noble savage idea to ridiculous lengths.
Some historians question the accuracy of the document.
Some historians question the value of the act because of the widespread abuses.
Some historians refer to that area as the Western Sudan.
Some historians report survivors.
Some historians say it s due to a simple mix-up in calendars.
Some historians say it was one of the most atheistic republics during Soviet rule.
Some historians say that as many as six colonists died for every one that survived.
Some historians say that controversy has dwindled over the decades.
Some historians say the Carolingian Empire was the start of the Holy Roman Empire.
Some historians speculate that both died of the disease.
Some historians speculate that it came from Portuguese via Macau.
Some historians speculate that lead from water pipes, wine vats and cooking utensils contributed.
Some historians study embryology.
Some historians suggest that relatively few districts actually set up separate schools, however.
Some historians suggest that they reflect the ardent spirit of the warrios who ruled the land.
Some historians suggest that uncovering and facing up to the facts of history is the only way out.
Some historians take a more positive view of the Vikings.
Some historians think so.
Some historians think that immigrants named it for the volcano in their hometown in Sicily.
Some historians think that some important historical people had learning difficulties .
Some historians think that some important historical people had learning difficulties.
Some historians think that tennis was once played with clubs and stones.
Some historians think that the pope was assasinated.
Some historians think the war's influence has been exaggerated.
Some historians try to keep historic buildings and sites from changing.
Some historians view Americanization as coercive, nativist, and denigrating.
Some historians work for towns, villages and other municipalities.
Some historians work with data.
Some historians work with ecologists.
Historic accounts do suggest that a large number of turkeys once inhabited the area.
Historic architecture graces an exceptional display of fine restaurants, bars and specialty shops.
Historic Archives Learn more about the history of the Rock Island District.
Historic area has gun batteries, museum.
Historic artifacts line the route as if caught in a time warp.
Historic atlases are also very helpful.
All historic attractions are accessible by Boston's public transportation system.
Historic blockhouse is open through the sumer months and houses a museum and gift shop.
Historic buildings are a lasting legacy for owners and communities.
Historic buildings are a treat for architecture and history buffs alike.
Historic buildings are a valuable resource for the community.
Historic buildings are also essential components of our everyday surroundings.
Historic buildings are buildings.
Historic buildings are historical sites.
Historic buildings are often a community's greatest asset for attracting tourists.
Historic buildings are open to tour.
Historic buildings are physical records of past inhabitants.
Historic buildings are the tangible aspects of our history that people can feel and touch.
Historic buildings are to be held to the same standard.
Historic buildings dot the town square.
Historic buildings house dozens of shops and restaurants.
Historic buildings line the central business district.
Historic buildings provide character and a sense of continuity for our communities.
Historic buildings stand as touchstones of Monterey's past.
Many historic buildings are still in existence and the valley is a popular wildflower destination.
Many historic buildings remain from the early days.
Many historic buildings remain.
Most historic buildings continue to serve their original functions.
Historic cabins are close to hiking trails, beaches, snorkling, and birding.
Historic caves sit at the south end of the island.
Historic caves used by slave traders are easily accessble.
Historic cemeteries are irreplaceable landscapes.
Historic churches dot the rural landscape of our area.
Historic churches ring the time of the day as they bring attention to their incredible beauty.
Historic churchs ring the time of the day as they bring attention to their incredable beauty.
All historic classes race together which means that there are also bigger cars to compete with.
Historic colors increase personal pride in ownership.
Historic courthouses are more than architecturally grand buildings and old government offices.
Historic courthouses are structures that help give counties and communities their unique identies.
Historic courthouses are traditionally the grandest and most prominent buildings in the county.
Historic crafts can include knitting, crocheting, or tatting.
Much historic damage remains, as part of the story told by sparkling, but imperfect prisms.
Historic data is available from previous project.
Historic data is provided by any date range needed.
Historic decisions are also available online.
Historic depot offers local arts, crafts, collectibles.
Historic designations can increase patronage for businesses.
Historic distribution includes counties with unconfirmed and historic occurrences.
Historic district includes kitchen structure, blacksmith's forge, log barn and gardens.
Historic documents can also provide dates.
Historic downtown comes alive with jazz band performances and celebration.
Historic downtown is located within minutes of the hotel.
Historic downtown is the oldest and the largest shopping area.
Historic downtown offers restaurants, galleries and antiques.
Historic drawings refer to a waste tar dump between the seep area and waste water treatment plant.
Some historic dresses consist of separate bodice and skirt.
Historic events are particularly prone to misrepresentation, in any country.
Historic example shows a similarly styled dress from an early thirties pattern.
Historic expressions continue to shape our national political ideals.
Historic facades contribute to the historic streetscape.
Historic facts speak of the following.
Historic fill is present on the site and contains heavy metals and organic contamination.
Historic footage serves as the backdrop for amazingly lifelike, animotronic figures.
Historic footage serves as the backdrop to animotronic figures.
Historic habitat is flooded.
Historic home features exhibits on the history of the area.
Historic home offers the very best in comfort and value.
Historic homes abound and new construction is evident almost everywhere.
Historic homes are a feast for the eyes once they are restored.
Historic homes grace the neighborhoods close to the downtown area.
Many historic homes are still residences or are used as office space.
Historic houses are good examples.
Historic houses change names or paint colors or both.
Historic houses hold an almost magical fascination for their visitors.
Historic houses share the main street with a gas station, farm stand, restaurant and a graveyard.
Historic information is available as well.
Historic information is available, for a fee , to anyone.
Historic inn abounds in character and personality.
Many historic inns have limited handicap access, if any at all.
Historic interpretation is provided at the trailhead.
Historic isolation is no longer either a benefit or an option.
Historic lands means areas containing historic, cultural, or scientific resources.
Historic landmarks abound in the Boston area.
Historic landmarks have special protection.
Historic landscapes abound throughout Maryland's public lands.
Historic landscapes are also fragile places.
Historic landscapes are special places.
Historic landscapes vary in size from small gardens to several thousand-acre national parks.
Any historic landscape presents a number of development options.
Historic lessons display actual pictures of relevant personalities.
Historic lighthouses are another part of our nautical heritage.
Historic literature suggests the mean flow through the strait is zero.
Many historic localities are in or near fast-growing suburban communities.
Historic lodges preserve the ambience of nineteenth century travel for twentieth century visitors.
Historic mansions line the river banks along with newer homes.
Historic manuscripts are often in better condition than documents on modern paper.
Historic maps are also well represented.
Historic maps are plentiful on the Web.
Historic maps provide the basis for creative writing assignments.
Historic mapping is also available on either paper or as digital raster data.
Historic marker gives details.
Historic markers dot the area.
Historic markers point to historic landscapes where the past is preserved.
Historic markers tell of early settlement along the river.
Many historic markers explain the rich history of the area.
Historic materials belong on exhibit or in safe storage.
Historic messes make historic releases.
Historic mission bells chime to the pulse of one of America's most unique cities.
Historic mode displays the last eight known samples of numerical lab tests.
Historic neighborhoods offer specialty shops, eclectic restaurants and night spots.
Historic neighborhoods offer specialty shops, eclectic restaurants and nightspots.
Historic newspapers are probably the single best source for some kinds of historic information.
Historic organs require all organ stops to be changed by hand.
A historic period is an era
All historic periods have validity.
Historic photos appear in the bus shelters.
Historic photos deteriorate in quality over time.
Historic photos show that the school originally had unsheltered side entrances.
More historic photos are always welcome.
Historic photographs are a very important source of information.
Historic photographs are usually available in black and white only.
Historic photographs can be a reminder of our heritage.
Historic photographs depict the fair experience in Michigan and the Midwest.
Historic photographs document the physical changes to the mill over the years.
Historic photographs help, too.
Historic photographs lend authenticity.
Historic photographs show that the house was rectangular with giant order pilasters at each corner.
Many historic photographs illustrate the text.
Historic photography is combined with present scenes of the same subjects.
Historic pictures are on display in many of the local stores.
Historic pictures line the rooms reminiscent of another era.
Historic places abound and recreation fulfills any desires.
Historic places are more than bricks and mortar.
Historic places are tangible manifestations of times, people, and cultures gone by.
Historic places can provide an interesting way to evoke the past and enliven the study of history.
Historic places have powerful and provocative stories to tell.
Most historic places represent the everyday lives of ordinary people.
Historic plaques are slabs of metal, nothing more.
Historic pockets exist beside new developments.
Historic practices can have strong influences on dwarf mistletoes.
Historic preservation becomes part of community planning.
Historic preservation boosts the cost of any repair.
Historic preservation builds community pride and preserves values.
Historic preservation can also be vulnerable when there is a lack of protection.
Historic preservation can be a costly process.
Historic preservation can play an important role in economic development.
Historic preservation creates awareness of a community's heritage.
Historic preservation helps to revitalize inner-city neighborhoods and business districts.
Historic preservation improves housing.
Historic preservation is a catalyst.
Historic preservation is a form of land use regulation.
Historic preservation is a key component in retaining and strengthening community character.
Historic preservation is a noble and valuable endeavor.
Historic preservation is a part of the area in planning, governance and urban policy.
Historic preservation is a planning technique employed in many American metropolitan areas.
Historic preservation is a powerful economic generator.
Historic preservation is all about choice.
Historic preservation is an important economic development tool in Salem.
Historic preservation is an important part of the redevelopment project.
Historic preservation is another neighborhood concern.
Historic preservation is conservation in every sense of the word.
Historic preservation is good economic development.
Historic preservation is important for economic growth.
Historic preservation is important, as is economic growth.
Historic preservation is present on national, state and local levels.
Historic preservation is public policy, at least when it's convenient.
Historic preservation is recognized as a city priority.
Historic preservation is thus a big part of the solution to the problem of sprawl.
Historic preservation is to preserve the sense of community.
Historic preservation is very expensive.
Historic preservation means jobs, more jobs than from new construction projects alone.
Historic preservation needs to mean just that, the preservation of our historic heritage.
Historic preservation offers the benefits of revitalized neighborhoods and community pride.
Historic preservation provides an important balance to progressive business initiatives.
Historic preservation requires the involvement of a dedicated community.
Historic preservation strengthens the economy . . .
All historic preservation is high class, responsible, thoughtful maintenance.
Historic preservationists love it.
Historic properties are more than just old buildings or well-known national historic sites.
Historic properties are nestled in preplanned communities and a rich history prevails.
Historic properties connect a region s residents to their heritage.
Historic properties have a way of disappearing.
Many historic properties rely heavily on word-of mouth and on repeat customers.
Some historic properties are available for specially arranged group tours.
Historic rail represents another way to keep the interest in rail transit going.
Historic range is indicated when known.
Historic record shows sporadic and rare distribution.
Historic records come from Union and Harding counties.
Historic records indicate foliar applications for over three-quarters of the crop.
Historic records reveal they both made choices to support or oppose atrocious acts.
Historic records show an annual pattern with peak flows in the late spring.
Many historic records are available on microfilm.
Historic recreation shows.
Historic recreations reveal the turning points of Washington's educational and political career.
Historic renovation does add cost, period.
Historic renovation is one of our most interesting fields.
Historic renovation presents unique challenges and opportunities.
Historic reports confirm that the swamp was drained after it was uplifted by folding.
Historic resources play a critical role in defining the Town's character and quality of life.
Historic responsibility has to make up for the want of legal responsibility.
Historic restoration is our specialty.
Historic rivalries are exciting, but so are geographical ones.
Historic scenes are recreated and presented in a realistic, and in some situations humorous, manner.
Historic scenes are recreated.
Historic shipwrecks abound.
Historic shipwrecks set in coral reef or other shallow marine ecosystems can present such a dilemma.
Historic site fills community void.
Historic site welcomes visitors to live music, good food, and drink.
Historic sites abound in the Mexico and the Caribbean.
Historic sites abound on all seven reservations.
Historic sites are a federal designation.
Historic sites are generally open to visitors.
Historic sites are in close proximity.
Historic sites are in the top five as activities that tourists participate in when they travel.
Historic sites are resources that document people, events, and processes.
Historic sites are well marked.
Historic sites can also act as magnets for tourism.
Historic sites can honor the past while providing a place for leisure activities.
Historic sites dot the area, and can be visited on educational side trips.
Historic sites have the quality of authenticity.
Many historic sites are open to the public and are scattered throughout the area.
Many historic sites contain mining remains including Chinese pugmills, water races and dams.
Most historic sites ask for a fee that is paid to rent the location.
Historic stage stop.
Historic statistics contains data on an annual basis covering both primary and secondary market.
Historic steam locomotives, buildings, mining and farming equipment, and more.
Historic structures are easy to locate along the grade.
Historic structures are frequently the only tangible evidence of history.
Historic structures report.
Many historic structures are partially accessible.
Many historic structures are still intact throughout the park.
Many historic structures remain standing.
Many historic structures remain.
Some historic structures are also accessible.
Some historic structures have limited accessibility.
Historic subdivisions are to be added later as regions.
Historic surfboards line the walls, along with printed displays of oral histories.
Historic tables covering many years are also accessible.
Historic theater features live diverse season of dance, music, stage and film.
Historic tools are another important part of the collection.
Historic tours are available daily.
Historic towns grow in different ways.
Historic towns needs to use charging to control influx of tourists.
Every historic transformation is possible when a theoretical space exists that makes it possible.
Historic trees are an important part of the heritage of many communities.
Historic trees can serve as symbols and reminders of important persons and important events.
Historic trivia is fascinating stuff.
Historic trolley passes by the house - leave the car in the driveway.
Historic trolleys operate in the Old Salem and West End areas during certain times.
Historic truth is a minor matter.
Historic truths are history and, after all, past, obsolete situations.
Historic use is moderate .
Historic use is moderate to high for most camp sites.
Historic use is moderate to high for swimming.
Historic value keeps the chairs from the scrap yard.
Historic villages tumble down to crystal lakes.
Historic volatility is a measure of actual price changes during a specific time period in the past.
Historic wallpapers require specialized treatment.
Many historic wrecks lie off the peninsula coast, and each winter brings with it sea dramas anew.
Some historic wrecks add further attraction for divers.
Historical access varies.
Historical accounts are ineffective, unproductive and antitherapeutic.
Historical accounts indicate cannibalism was widespread at Jamestown during the winter .
Historical accounts indicate cannibalism was widespread at Jamestown during the winter.
Historical accounts indicate many basin streams have always been muddy.
Historical accounts indicate that their presence in Idaho was partially an accident.
Historical accounts list nine on board.
Historical accounts relate incursions by Chinese pirates, Dutch, Portuguese and British marauders.
Historical accounts reveal that social capital facilitated involvement in the collective action.
Historical accounts tell of the existence of nerds during the Greek and Roman empires.
Historical accounts tend to merge with myths and legends.
Historical accounts written by club members offer a more personal perspective of the clubs history.
Most historical accounts assume the Greek leader was poisoned.
Historical accuracy goes downhill from there.
Historical accuracy is an essential component in each presentation.
Historical accuracy is crucial to the truthfulness of the Christian faith.
Historical accuracy is excellent.
Historical accuracy is imperative.
Historical accuracy is one of the most important aspects of our impressions.
Historical accuracy is one thing, using it to smother any form of dramatic tension is another.
Historical accuracy is very important.
Historical achievements are many and complex.
Historical aerial photography provides information.
Historical agendas are available in the old agendas page .
Historical amnesia is a fatal epidemic.
Historical analogies are always imperfect, sometimes misleading.
Historical analogies are quite popular, too.
Historical analogies can be as misleading as helpful, but some are unavoidable.
Historical analyses focus on the historical development of artifacts and their use.
Historical analysis excludes the corporate income tax figures.
Historical analysis is another of the network's important attributes.
Historical analysis is used to place current events within a context.
Historical analysis provides no basis for forecasting such incidents.
Historical analysis shows that percentiles do change from year to year, but only by minute amounts.
Much historical analysis relies on occupations to situate people in the social structure.
Historical anger keeps the past alive.
Historical archaeologists serve as a link between history and archaeology.
Historical archaeology is a growing field in North America and other parts of the world.
Historical archaeology is a specialized subdiscipline within the field of archaeology.
Historical archaeology is an important tool to fill the gap.
Historical archaeology is presented in a broadly comparative format.
Historical archaeology is the study of cultures with some form of writing.
Historical archaeology is the study of post-writing cultures.
Historical archaeology plays a major role in the study of fur trade and mission sites.
Historical archeologists compare documentary sources with what they find at sites .
Historical archives are available to researchers by appointment.
Historical artefacts lend an original colonial atmosphere to the whole place.
Historical artifact is razed in the name of principle.
Historical artifacts provide an important tangible link to the past.
Historical atlases can help.
Historical atlases contain maps that show historical information.
Historical atlases show the world as it was at an earlier time.
Historical attractions abound in the general area and surrounding counties.
Historical attractions dot the county, antique shops are everywhere.
Historical authenticity is attempted with the Greek chiton and the protogeometric amphora.
Historical averages are also available.
Historical averages show that performance levels out over time.
Historical background is also useful to know in some cases.
Historical background is given for each element.
Historical background is given for many of the concepts.
Historical background is given.
Historical background is in an interesting, narrative style.
Historical background is included.
Historical background is provided.
Some historical background is given for each, as well as practical advice on restaurants and so on.
Some historical background is in order.
Some historical background is provided.
Some historical background puts what is happening in perspective.
Historical battles are precise reconstruction of real ones.
All historical battles look very realistic now.
Historical booklet chronicles the war with Persia.
Historical brochures are available.
Historical buildings are difficult to run wire in.
Historical buildings are exempt.
Historical buildings are plentiful and within easy reach.
Historical buildings dots the facility throughout .
Historical buildings have a lure of their own.
Historical buildings have to be protected and preserved against pollution like acid rain.
Many historical buildings add atmosphere to a nautical world of sea and boats.
Many historical buildings are along the route.
Many historical buildings remain despite the heavy bombing during World War Two.
Historical canals add nostalgia to the hikers trek through Ohio.
Historical causation is never simple.
All historical centre is within a walking distance.
Historical change constitutes a particular form of variation.
Historical characters mix with fictional ones, divine characters with humans.
Historical chronology can deal with history or with the geological history of the earth.
Historical citations appear at the end of each section in parentheses.
Historical clothing is interesting and immediate.
Historical clues are of great benefit.
Historical clues can provide key diagnostic information in the evaluation of hematuric patients.
Historical collections hold medical instrumentation.
Historical collections used by scholars, including many on the Web, are more unruly.
Historical comparison based on performance is a fool's game.
Historical comparisons are also slippery.
Historical comparisons are also useful.
Historical comparisons assist the budget officer throughout the budgeting process.
Historical comparisons illustrate how dangerous circumstances in Russia can become.
Historical compilations provide a record of seismological events, such as tsunamis and earthquakes.
Historical complaints related to hypomagnesemia are nonspecific.
Historical concerns are integral parts of directed and individual investigations.
Historical conditions determine what is considered useful.
Historical conflicts are open wounds again.
Historical consciousness is sparked and constituted from both showing and saying.
Historical consciousness is to civilized society what memory is to individual identity.
Historical construction is dedicated to the memory of the nameless.
Historical content focuses on the U.S. Constitution.
Historical content is a manifestation of historical thinking.
Historical context can be particularly important.
Historical context is easier for a local resident to accept than contemporary research.
Historical context is important here.
Historical context is important in business coverage.
Historical context is provided by reading and critiquing key studies in composition research.
Historical context is provided by the chronological order of the seminars.
Historical context plays a role.
Some historical context can be helpful in our present situation.
Some historical context is also useful.
Some historical context is provided.
Historical continuity is important in any presentation of a data series.
Historical continuity is lost.
Historical cost is the most prevalent method of valuing assets at the present time.
Historical cost is the net cash paid for an expenditure or the capitalized value of an asset.
Historical cost means the price originally paid or the value given.
Historical courses are open to students without prerequisite.
Historical coverage goes back a number of years.
Historical coverage varies by state, but typically the last five years are covered.
Historical coverage varies by state.
Historical coverage varies.
Historical criticism is the fifth type to consider here.
Historical criticism provides readers with ambiguities that create paradoxical readings.
Historical database provides five year team vs. situational results.
Historical data are also available.
Historical data are available as well for selected data series.
Historical data are available for both sources of data.
Historical data are available in most cases.
Historical data are available to establish standards and comparisons, both locally and regionally.
Historical data are available.
Historical data are few.
Historical data are fundamental to the understanding of the seismic history of an area.
Historical data are records of things the individual has done or achieved.
Historical data are scarce and contradictory.
Historical data can also provide bond performance insights.
Historical data can also uncover trends that are useful in preventative maintenance.
Historical data can be of use also.
Historical data going back twenty five years is available.
Historical data indicate that trading revenues have been less volatile than is generally perceived.
Historical data is achieved by organizing and collecting the integrated data over time.
Historical data is adjusted for all stock splits.
Historical data is also available.
Historical data is archived.
Historical data is available as noted above.
Historical data is available for all of the data collection sites.
Historical data is available for all other Lower Peninsula counties.
Historical data is available on the buoy E database page.
Historical data is available on the buoy G database page.
Historical data is available on the buoy H database page.
Historical data is available on the buoy K database page.
Historical data is available on the buoy L database page.
Historical data is available on the buoy M database page.
Historical data is available on the buoy P database page.
Historical data is available on which to base the forecast.
Historical data is available online for all of the data collection sites.
Historical data is available.
Historical data is downloaded automatically overnight.
Historical data is gathered primarily from accounting records through the last fiscal year.
Historical data is imperative when backtesting trading systems.
Historical data is in dollars for that year.
Historical data is maintained and trend analysis is possible.
Historical data is maintained on every client with easy access.
Historical data is provided in several tables .
Historical data is recorded as fast as once every ten seconds.
Historical data is retained in named stores, which have user-specified time intervals and duration.
Historical data is the least used form of characterization.
Historical data is used to predict future problems and capacity planning.
Historical data is used to project the future and aggregate data is used to estimate input data.
Historical data is usually more difficult to come by, than current or forecasts.
Historical data provides a multitude of uses.
Historical data provides a primary estimate to establish initial levels of budget input data.
Historical data show the increase of phosphorus and nitrogen in the area.
Historical data shows that the growth of the economy is mainly driven by investment.
Historical data shows that virtually no warnings are given, just citations .
All historical data are from public sources.
Much historical data is included.
Some historical data are also available by subject.
Some historical data is also available.
Some historical data is available.
Most historical debates are between adherents of a particular tradition.
Some historical decisions are also available.
Historical defence is in French.
Historical descriptions are brief but offer a good overview of the great events in world history.
Every historical detail is shrouded in secrecy and double-talk.
Historical development is traced nationally because of certain common forces.
Historical developments are a little more helpful.
Historical diaries are a great way to find out, firsthand, about life long ago.
Historical dictionaries trace the evolution of word meanings through time.
Historical differences account for the names.
Historical displays deal with both African and European cultures, arts and artifacts.
Historical districts have strict rules about new structures.
Historical divisions related to Indian Ocean trade are important.
A historical document is history
Historical documents are history.
Historical documents are notoriously untrustworthy because of human bias.
Historical documents are the best source of research for historical linguists.
Historical documents contain a wealth of information about past climates.
Historical documents includes such documents as the U.S. Constitution.
Historical documents show that the club is the oldest sporting organization in the islands.
Historical documents suggest flooding of that magnitude is nothing new to the Red River Valley.
Many historical documents pertaining to the church are inside the building.
Some historical documents add thousands of years to that time.
Historical documentaries are especially of interest to the author.
Historical documentation includes extensive photographic collections throughout.
Historical downtown is situated nearby.
Historical drama is something that can be very daunting to producers and directors alike.
Historical dramas are freer from government interference.
All historical elements can be qualified.
Historical emphasis is on major figures and their contributions to present theory.
Historical enquiry Covers all elements of historical enquiry.
Historical essays are welcome, provided they have significant implications for contemporary theory.
Historical essays provide context for the twenty-four pages of facsimile documents.
Historical event includes cavalry reenactments, buffalo soldiers, settlers and more.
Historical events are a proof of it.
Historical events are common to both science and the biblical record.
Historical events can rend and tear the fabric of social life.
Historical events complement the story rather than dominating it, something that's very nice to see.
Historical events deserve to be examined with the official version challenged.
Historical events differ in both influencing factors and outcomes.
Historical events have magnitudes.
Historical events have their irrefutable logic.
Historical events line up with the proper dates.
Historical events provide the occasion for many parades.
Historical events require context.
All historical events are concrete, specific, particular.
Every historical event is there and plays an important part in the game.
Most historical events have magnitudes.
Historical evidence contradicts the assertions of economic location theories.
Historical evidence flies in the face of the bimodal theory.
Historical evidence is also abundant.
Historical evidence is considered most valuable if it is contemporary or close to contemporary.
Historical evidence is just collections of anecdotes.
Historical evidence is used to separate investment fact from investment fiction.
Historical evidence makes no impression on the crushing force of the syllogism.
Historical evidence points to the existence of a virginoparous winged female of grape phylloxera.
Historical evidence requires either a written, oral, or natural record of what happened.
Historical evidence suggests that learned and skilled Persian agents.
Historical evidence supporting such a possibility comes from ice core research.
Historical evidence supports occurrences.
Historical evidence supports the predictions generated by the model.
Most historical evidence supports occurrences.
Historical examples abound in Canada.
Historical examples abound.
Historical examples are gratifying, visual illustration needs experts.
Historical examples underline the formidable consequences of the phenomenon.
Historical exhibits display the bi-cultural heritage of the borderlands.
Historical exhibits tell the history of the record breaker through videos and archival photographs.
Historical experience favors the former.
Historical experience influences attitude.
Historical experience is always a jump in the unknown and is also a kind of adventure.
Historical experience proves that times of change are always times of risk.
Historical experience shows that.
Historical experience suggests that crises are the catalysts of change.
Historical explanations are by no means limited to the application of praxeology.
Historical exposition covers the period from primeval times to modern days.
Historical fact is the basis of Christian faith.
Historical facts are events that really occurred and have no life or meaning on their own.
Historical facts are mixed with personal accounts of children held within an Internment camp.
Historical facts bring fictional characters to life.
Historical facts tie the stories together.
All historical facts are to be optional.
Most historical facts are unpleasant.
Some historical facts relate to animals.
Historical fantasy makes use of real people and events, simply adding the element of magic.
Historical fiction can be a compelling way to spark interest in a subject and period.
Historical fiction combines our curiosity toward history with the story-telling.
Historical fiction dealing with early day Texas is, however, distinctly maturing.
Historical fiction encourages that.
Historical fiction has history as a factual base to build upon.
Historical fiction is a fictional story that is set in an authentic historical setting.
Historical fiction is a frighteningly labor-intensive proposition.
Historical fiction is a pleasurable way to learn about events, places and persons in history.
Historical fiction is a story that is totally dependent on the time period for the plot to work.
Historical fiction is a valid form of family history writing.
Historical fiction is among the most ignored.
Historical fiction is an entertaining and exciting way to present a true period of time.
Historical fiction is excellent for helping children empathize with the period being studied.
Historical fiction is fictional work.
Historical fiction is meant to bring the past believably alive.
Historical fiction is the emphasis in literature.
Historical fiction is the spice.
Historical Fiction Lists many historical fiction writers and their works.
Historical fiction provides insight and understanding into the past and present.
Historical fiction takes actual events and provides more of a narrative.
Historical fiction tells sort of what happened.
Historical fiction Use for works set in historical periods.
Historical fiction uses history as the setting for the novel's action.
Historical fiction uses the past so as to better understand the present.
Historical fiction's a funny thing.
Historical figures continue to live in the long, long memory of the Jewish people.
Historical figures speak in their own words whenever possible, an ideal way to read primary sources.
Historical figures tell of their past around a campfire.
All historical figures appear twice.
Many historical figures appear in the narrative.
Some historical figures get praise where none is due.
Historical files are available on all vessels that have been researched by the staff.
Historical flags have descriptions of their origination and placement in history.
Historical footage gives insight into why the styles thrived and why many remain popular today.
Historical geographers are interested in recreating the geography of past times.
Historical geography adds both a spatial and temporal context to studies.
Historical geography is the domain of geography.
Historical geologists look at the formation and evolution of the Earth and life on Earth.
Historical geology deals with all aspects of Earth's history and the history of life.
Historical geology deals with the history of the Earth.
Historical geology examines the Earth within a historical context.
Historical geology examines the time evolution of material structures and life on earth.
Historical geology gives students a feel for deep time.
Historical geology is based on the assumption of evolutionary biology.
Historical geology is involved directly or indirectly with most aspects of geological studies.
Historical geology is more like astronomy than cosmology.
Historical geology looks at the history and evolution of planet Earth and the life upon it.
Historical geology unravels the earth's history, past natural events, and past life on earth.
All historical gods are in at least some of their manifestations catastrophic.
Historical graphs are also available.
Historical group intends to rebuild it in near future.
Historical groups have a harder time.
Historical handbook ser.
Historical home covers period of big cattle drives to the railhead.
Historical homes line the coast and the marshes while ships remain in the ocean or near their docks.
Historical images can instill a sense of identitification with the unit.
Historical imagery can also aid in identifying potential sites for discovery of new ruins.
Historical imagery consists of New York cityscapes.
Historical imagery is a unique and irreplaceable resource.
Historical inaccuracies abound.
Historical inaccuracies appear.
Historical inaccuracy is the least of it.
Some historical incidents play roles.
Any historical inconsistencies are unintended.
Historical inevitability is, after all, inevitable.
Historical influences affect the type of housing today and in the past.
Historical influences can unite two cultures, destroy many, make new ones.
Any historical info is welcome.
Historical information can show which investments have given the greatest long-term returns.
Historical information includes quotes from Queen Victoria's journal and a timeline.
Historical information is abundant and available to the public.
Historical information is also available online.
Historical information is also available.
Historical information is available on chemical weapons development and disarmament.
Historical information is available on the structure of all the institutions.
Historical information is available.
Historical information is carved into the path between the smokestacks.
Historical information is given about each of the subjects depicted.
Historical information is included for many of the pages.
Historical information is included here as are a number of online journals and articles.
Historical information is included where possible.
Historical information is incomplete and in some cases unverified.
Historical information is more acceptable than forecasts.
Historical information is needed to record trends in wildlife population parameters.
Historical information is obliterated, perhaps forever.
Historical information is preserved, and audit trails can be maintained.
Historical information is prone to bias due to the under collection of data in some areas.
Historical information is provided and the current situation is explored.
Historical information is provided for trending analysis and capacity planning.
Historical information is shown for most lines.
Historical information is still better researched at libraries.
Historical information is strongest for the post-WWII era.
Historical information is used to add interest to exhibits and talks.
All historical information is preserved.
More historical information is available.
More historical information is provided during the concert.
Most historical information is located in the cultural section.
Some historical information helps events.
Some historical information helps potential hazardous events.
Some historical information is described here .
Historical inquiry constructs an understanding of the contemporary world.
Historical inquiry is the analysis of the historical record.
Historical inquiry requires that students ask one or more good questions.
Historical insight is the key.
Historical insights can be enormously helpful here.
Some historical insights apropos the new millennium.
Historical institutions are at a distinct disadvantage when it comes to group tourism.
All historical interests are welcome and encouraged to participate.
Historical interpretation affects our present and our future.
Historical interpretation is an art form, a skill that owes much to acting.
Historical interpretation is shaped in good measure by the selection of facts.
Historical interpretation provides the opportunity to critique the actions and decisions of others.
Historical interpretation reveals content far richer than just the storylines.
Historical interpreters dressed in period clothes share four generations of holiday stories.
Historical interpreters work at a minimum of two sites and are supervised by the museum staff.
Historical investigation is always and necessarily a selective reading of events.
Any historical investigation involves a consideration of primary sources.
Historical ironies abound.
Historical issues are available below.
Many historical journals practice double-blind peer review.
Historical knowledge is an important part of the culture of any educated person.
Historical knowledge makes our decisions conscious ones.
Historical knowledge streams out of invincible sources always renewing itself with more.
Historical landmarks are important to the life of human institutions.
Historical landmarks dot the area.
Many historical landmarks are open on limited occasion and some only by appointment.
Historical leaders have to be remembered for the good and the bad that they did.
Historical linguists study the evolution of languages.
Historical literacy is one of the foundations of a liberal arts education.
Historical literacy provides the necessary skills and dispositions for good citizenship qualities.
Historical literature mentions two origins of the German cockroach.
Historical locations abound.
Historical map includes post offices, counties, and railroads.
Historical maps are another case in point.
Historical maps are another resource, and fun, too.
Historical maps can illuminate as well as illustrate the historical landscape.
Historical maps provide one way of illustrating such changes.
Historical marker points out site.
Historical marker stands on courthouse lawn.
Historical markers abound throughout the county, providing a glimpse of the past.
Historical markers are on various houses, churches, and sites of early Native American raids.
Historical markers can help in determining potential hunting sites.
Historical markers come in a variety of shapes and formats.
Historical markers locate the area.
Historical markers play an important role in preserving our heritage.
Historical markers recall the trails along the Great Platte River route.
Historical markers ring the square where the old courthouse stands.
Many historical markers tell the tale of towns from the proud perspective of residents.
Historical material is collected minimally.
Historical material is on microfiche.
Historical material is provided only as background.
All historical material required for the paper is provided with the course.
More historical material continues to be added.
Much historical material is included.
Some historical material is included.
Historical materialism extends and crowns dialectical materialism.
Historical materialists are aware of that.
Historical materialists know what that means.
Historical memories are short.
Historical memory is a restless ghost, a nervous tic, a constant threat.
Historical memory serves as the background material for such an artistry.
Historical method is a modern creation which dates only as far back as two centuries ago.
Historical methods are interdisciplinary in nature.
Historical methodology is used to understand the Jewish past.
All historical minutes are in pdf format.
Historical mistakes are the reason that the movie was forbidden for the youth.
Historical models prove it.
Historical moments hail the viewer to recognize a historical moment and remember their place in it.
Historical moments haunt the text.
Some historical moments are more critical than others.
Historical myopia is evident.
Historical mysteries can take some work to enjoy.
Historical mystery is one of the fastest growing sub genres.
Historical narrative lingers on, and many of the paintings are cloyingly sentimental.
Some historical newspapers are also available on the web.
Historical notes are good.
Historical notes indicating the date of passage and any amendments follow the text.
Historical notes provide contextual information.
Historical notes trace development of current statutory language.
Historical novels are a tough thing to write and write well.
Historical novels are always a formidable task, more so when told in the first person.
Historical novels are part of a continuing trend.
Historical novels focus on teenage protagonists involved in significant historical eras.
Historical novels have to be accurate.
Historical novels play an important part in the literature that students are exposed to.
Historical novels run a constant risk of lurching into costume drama.
Historical novels set in the destination are good for children.
Many historical novels show both soldiers and 'people at home' during wars.
Some historical novels are too full of facts and devoid of feeling.
Historical objectivity is really a myth.
Historical occupation is represented in the remains of two Christian churches and a sugar mill.
Historical ones can be more difficult.
Historical overview is combined with close textual analysis.
Historical parallels are few.
Historical passages are plainly evident from context.
Historical past is over.
Historical patterns have a tendency to harden into eternal inertia.
Historical patterns reveal that information warfare is undoubtedly warfare of the future.
Historical percentages are unavailable.
Historical performance is never a guarantee of future results.
Historical performance is no guarantee of future results, but it is a pretty darn good indicator.
Historical performance seeks to understand the artistic and cultural context of a piece of music.
Historical performance speaks for itself.
All historical periods are welcome.
Historical perspective enhances our appreciation of current events.
Historical perspective is essential for anyone interested in social change.
Historical perspective is gained by revisiting a debate that began over one hundred years ago.
Historical perspective is important as well.
Historical perspective is never a bad thing.
Some historical perspective is needed to understand what is going on.
Some historical perspective is provided, but the emphasis is on utilization.
Some historical perspective using the audio market as an example is demonstrative.
Historical photos are always interesting as windows into the past.
Historical photos are welcome.
Historical photos can be a terrific source of information.
Historical photos provide strong graphic illustration.
Historical photos show barren mountainsides stubbled with a five-o'clock shadow of stumps.
Many historical photos illustrate the mile by mile strip map of the river.
Historical photographs accompany the text.
Historical photographs are an invaluable resource for historic preservationists.
Historical photographs are in the public domain.
Historical photographs provide perspective as to how the artists in each colony lived and worked.
Some historical photographs are available on-line.
Historical photography is that which comes out of archives and is supplied in support of an article.
Historical places abound along the scenic valley.
Historical places are rich sources of information.
Any historical place is special.
Historical plates are non-expiring.
Some historical points discussed here are problematic.
Historical population counts for every county in the country, arranged by state.
Historical poverty does more than keep families economically unbalanced.
Historical practice favors first-finished.
Historical prayer plays a most instrumental role in the eternal plan of redemption.
Historical preservation is big.
Historical preservation is very important to the community and to the city council.
Historical price is a record of how investors acted in the past to a variety of situations.
Historical prices are also available.
Historical prices are the actual trading prices on the date specified.
Historical processes alter both the structure and the function of the system.
Historical processes exact an exorbitant toll.
Historical progress is real.
Historical projects bring to life year time-lines.
All historical properties involve a connection to human cultural formation, in one way or another.
Historical publications are accessible at the web site and on CD-ROMs.
Historical purists can request ribbon in place of the elastic.
Historical quotes are available for about a nickle each.
Historical quotes are downloadable.
Historical realities are meaningless.
Historical reality demands a plain and unequivocal answer . . .
Historical reality is likely to be a little more complex.
Historical reasons dictate some of the varying representations, while posix dictates others.
Historical reconstruction reveals recovery in Hawaiian coral reefs.
A historical record is history
Historical record accounts for a number of destructive or damaging earthquakes in the past.
Historical records are a useful starting point for estimating future costs.
Historical records are always fun.
Historical records are commonly short.
Historical records are extremely important in answering questions of yield variability.
Historical records are the materials necessary to sustain historical research.
Historical records are the raw materials of history.
Historical records are useful for comparison to the newest values.
Historical records are vague for settlement into our valley.
Historical records can help to increase profits.
Historical records exist for the Gila River basin in New Mexico.
Historical records extend back at most a few thousand years.
Historical records indicate a progressively frequent levee breaching in the last ten centuries.
Historical records indicate it was first consumed as food in Europe during the middle ages.
Historical records indicate sea-bluff habitat is preferred.
Historical records indicate that bald eagles once nested in Oklahoma.
Historical records indicate that circa.
Historical records indicate that the Vancouver Island marmot was more widespread in the past.
Historical records indicate that women found ways to circumvent such restrictions.
Historical records provide a growing sense of global warmth.
Historical records provide administrative continuity.
Historical records reveal that pre-Christian auras identified holy or divine healers.
Historical records reveal that three of the island's original fifteen setders had the condition.
Historical records show that black-footed ferrets have lived in New Mexico.
Historical records show that injuries, even deaths, resulted from tainted colorants.
Historical records show that magpies have been associates of people for a long time.
Historical records show that some also served the royal family as courtesans.
Historical records show that temperature changes cause massive reorganizations of salmon stocks.
Historical records show that the climate has changed in the last one hundred years.
Historical records show that the first kite was made in the Spring and Autumn Period.
Historical records show that the previous abundances of fish provided a reliable food source.
Historical records show that the tower was used as the premises of a garrison headquarters.
Historical records show that Tibetan medicine dates back two thousand years.
Historical records show the lakes fluctuate, rising and falling over a period of years.
Historical records suggest that rabies has been in Labrador as long as people can remember.
Historical records take many forms.
All historical records are available at any time.
Some historical records are on microfiche.
Historical reenactments bring the past to life.
Historical reenactments take place each day at noon.
Historical references abound.
Historical references are a part of many units.
Most historical references reflect theories and conjecture posted at university Internet pages.
Historical relics showcase their association with immigrant newcomers.
All historical religions originate in Asia.
Historical remnants abound.
Historical renovations have an extra layer of complications over home renovations.
Historical reports contain a feature called rollover.
Historical reports describe volcanic activity since the settlement of the island.
Historical reports help customers with network capacity planning and troubleshooting.
Historical reports take the form of general overview reports or individual building histories.
Historical research challenges theoretical preconceptions as well.
Historical research emphasizes conclusions.
Historical research involves careful selection, analysis, and use of sources.
Historical research involves studying, understanding, and explaining past events.
Historical research is a necessary component of any serious research regardless of field.
Historical research is a scientific process of evaluating available documents.
Historical research is dependent upon the individuals who write it.
Historical research is in fact a painstaking job but the intellectual reward is always gratifying.
Historical research is much like a jigsaw puzzle with many of the pieces missing.
Historical research is permitted by appointment only.
Historical research is the interpretation of facts or the finding of patterns.
Historical research leads to students written plays.
Historical research links Links to the past, for writers.
Historical research provides an accurate basis for current decisions.
Historical research requires that students obtain data from multiple sources.
Historical research requires time .
Historical research using primary sources is also appropriate.
Historical resources are truly remarkable.
Historical resources belong to everyone.
Many historical resources have archaeological or historic landscape components.
Historical results depend on the historical period.
Historical results indicate that the water quality of roadside springs fluctuates.
Historical returns are no guarantee of future performance.
Historical review leads to an answer to the question of why the two nations never formed a union.
Historical reviews provide analyses that situate literature in historical contexts.
Historical revisions occur when the source data used in their construction are revised.
Historical revisionism is a valid practice.
Historical revisionism is an honest process that occurs all the time.
Historical revisionists are always at work.
Historical saints are also common subjects for iconography.
Historical scholarship incorporates forging new tools, breaking new ground - of course.
Historical scholarship is thus powerless to offer a theologically relevant commentary on the Bible.
Historical science is the study for the origin of all things also called origin science.
Historical settings are as real as possible.
Historical shrines abound throughout the County.
Historical sights litter the area, antique shops are everywhere.
All historical sights are within walking distance to the hotel.
All historical sights are within walking distance.
Historical significance is based upon the commander's perspective and the historian's judgment.
Historical simulation is really what they are about after all.
Historical sites abound and waterfalls offer a cooling respite.
Historical sites abound.
Historical sites are around every corner.
Historical sites are sites.
Historical sites are to be given strict custodial protection.
Historical sites can set up a tour so tourists go from site to site, tuning in at each stop.
Historical sites inventoried reflect the area s previous ranching history.
Historical sites tell the story of Jakarta's dramatic past.
Historical sites wait to be explored.
All historical sites are certainly susceptible to development.
Every historical situation is unique.
Historical societies are another good source of local history information.
Historical societies are auxiliary to historical compositions.
Historical societies are great places to find both primary and secondary sources.
Historical societies preserve and promote the area's rich heritage.
Historical society provides guides, brunch or lunch.
Many historical societies have rosters of their residents who went off to fight in various wars.
Many Historical societies provide the history of the landmark where the organization is located.
Most historical societies operate on limited budgets so donations are welcome.
Some historical societies have special programming and events designed for children.
Historical sources are the clues to fitting a story together.
Historical sources indicate that demand for rhino horn was significant in the medieval period.
Historical sources show that people from all walks of life flocked to training camps.
Historical spots are the good examples of traditional Taiwanese architecture for tourists.
Every historical statement is believed on authority.
Historical statistics are also available.
Historical statistics are important to the collection.
Historical stories associated with the house are varied.
Historical streets are full of people hurrying to find their place in modern Europe.
Historical studies are a quest for perspective.
Historical studies are important for a number of reasons.
Historical studies are the most obvious archival activity.
Historical studies are useful in planning remediation projects.
Historical studies complement analyses of contemporary settings and issues.
Historical study aims to understand the past in order to understand the present more fully.
Historical study teaches the student how to organize and classify extensive data.
Some historical subjects seem more important and more interesting than others.
Historical surges amplify the value of ideas.
Historical texts indicate other viticultural activity around the state.
Historical time has to be part of studies of household dynamics.
Historical time refers to time as it is actually experienced by individuals.
Historical time runs across the bottom of a graph with the origin at the lower left.
Historical topics are appropriate if they promise to shed light on contemporary issues.
Historical topics are appropriate if they promise to shed light on the contemporary issues.
Historical tours are available.
Historical tours give participants an opportunity to trace their own faith roots.
Historical treatments are important and major reference sources are acquired.
Historical trend is for bigger page sizes.
Historical trends indicate a continuously increasing growth in population.
Historical trends indicate that control strategies already implemented are working.
Historical trends suggest the year after a big slump is one of recovery.
Some historical trends are evident.
Historical understanding is thus basic to the life of an educated human being.
Historical understanding requires a basic knowledge of the content and the historical context.
Historical use is high.
Historical values are also available.
Historical values are for the year given.
Historical vendor purchasing information is available instantly when negotiating with vendors.
Historical veracity is important to the claim of divine inspiration.
Historical viewpoint is virtually absent in such an argument.
Historical volatilities can provide a useful context for determining future volatilities.
Historical volatility estimates volatility based on past prices.
Historical volatility is calculated by using the standard deviation of an underlying stock price.
All historical waffle is to be removed and an accurate history devised at a later date.
Historical wardrobe is complete.
Historical weight is given to the proceedings via black and white insert shots.
Historical works aim to outline tendencies, periods, and provide explanations and relationships.
Historical works make up the fastest-growing field in mystery fiction.
Historical writers can go to old diaries, portraits and letters to learn their subjects.
Historical writing is a difficult, but rewarding, endeavor.
Historical writing is complete, on all levels, nano to cosmic.
Historical writing seems increasingly alienated from quantitative skills.
All historical writing is subjective.
Historick t die.
Historiographical papers are still another possibility.
A historiography is literature
Historiographies are literature.
Historiographies are writing.
Historiography is also the study of the development of historical method.
Historiography is history as knowledge production.
Historiography is recommended for all art history majors.
Historiography is somehow more important than history itself.
Historiography is the history of history.
Historiography is the study and research of history.
Historiography is the study of history.
Historiography is the study of how and why people study history.
Historiography is the study of the history of history writing.
Historiography is the study of the techniques employed by the individual historian.
Historiography is, of course, the writing of history, or the study thereof.
Historiography links many facets, concerned as it is with interpretations of the past.
Historiography occupies a prominent position in the ancient written literary tradition.
Historiography refers to the way in which historians have interpreted history.
Historiography then is value-influenced construction of past reality.
Historiography Think of history as an ongoing conversation about what happened in the past, and why.
Histortic societies have a lot of information.
History books are full of examples of men who fathered hundreds of children.
History books are full of shocking stories.
History books are full of talk of cattle drives as well as many other interesting life struggles.
History books are indeed biased, but so are many history teachers, parents, and lawmakers.
History books are located in universities.
History books can be wrong.
History books describe the homes, business centers and public buildings they designed and built.
History books fail to mention it.
History books get it right on the second edit.
History books record that a mist was over the Medusa that morning.
History books sell to boys the traditional male role of hero and performer.
History books teach that.
History books tend to be written about people who are white and important.
History books tend to get bogged down at times.
Any history book records the suffering from warfare.
Most history books ignore it and others dismiss it in a few sentences.
Most history books supply the political variety.
History day is an exciting day and experience for kids.
Every history journal has a book review section.
A history lesson is a lesson
History lessons are lessons.
History lessons come in many forms.
History lessons follow mythology.
History lessons link the past and present in ways that make sense to the students.
Some history lessons come to mind here.
History link is one of the most comprehensive resources on the history of Seattle and King County.
History links are in History .
History Links are unit studies for Catholic homeschoolers.
History museums enable their visitors to do that, to pay attention.
History museums show how things used to be done.
History of appendectomy is associated with greater performance of endoscopy.
History of computing suggests software solutions eventually win out over hardware.
History of language Learn the history of the Etruscan Italian language.
History of life is full of gaps and then bursts of biological new activity.
History of mankind is littered with blood during times of transition from one government to another.
History of mathematics archive An excellent starting point.
History of mathematics is collected selectively.
History of Psychology is an exit requirement.
History of quilting is included.
History of science are history.
History of science is an academic discipline, with an international community of specialists.
History of science is useful in constructing science lessons.
Every history of science reflects uneven paces and unexpected directions of advance.
Most histories of science tend to be male-centric.
History of sushi is interesting.
History of Tuberculosis Read about the history here.
History teachers do recognise the landscape .
History teachers teach history and social studies.
History teachers walk.
Most history teachers provide the students with a vocabulary list.
History textbooks are high on many states' lists of things to buy within the next two years.
History textbooks are so limited. . . .
Most history textbooks overlook women's roles in the American Revolution.
History Today is a good history magazine for the non-specialist.
Histories are fiction based on actual events.
Histories are full of examples.
Histories are more full of examples of the fidelity of dogs than of friends.
Histories can be local, regional, state, national, or regimental.
Histories can be some of the most accurate records of ones past.
Histories concerning chronic ingestions are often more difficult to obtain.
Histories continue to be written, and first-hand observations reprinted.
Histories identify all relevant documents.
Histories is the story of the rise of Persian power and the friction between Persia and Greece.
Histories make men wise.
Histories reminisce, testify, galvanize, remember, and sometimes lie.
Histories report all file activity.
Histories retold in narratives, in story form, are a wonderful source.
History abounds around every corner, with homes representing a variety of architectural periods.
History abounds here, too.
History abounds here.
History abounds in Cherokee County.
History abounds in examples of misplaced trust.
History abounds in graveyards.
History abounds in lovely buildings from the dramatic courthouse to restored workmen's cottages.
History abounds in Plymouth, on land and see.
History abounds in sudden turns and dramatic changes in fortune.
History abounds in the area providing a glimpse into the economic lifeblood of the past.
History abounds in the Little Beaver Creek Valley.
History abounds in the Marquette District.
History abounds in the museums, parks, roadways and archeological sites.
History abounds with examples of countries which have received a lot of money only to squander it.
History abounds with examples of people who have learned to live in peace and harmony.
History abounds with examples of problem gambling.
History abounds with examples, Bosnia and Haiti being only the most recent.
History abounds with examples.
History abounds with horrific stories of the terrible costs of violent confrontations.
History abounds with legends and myths, but none so enigmatic as the ity.
History abounds with such proof.
History abounds with the remains of several fur trading posts.
History abounds, the museums, caverns, antique stores and much more.
History acquaints the students with the main lines of development of the West.
History Activates a menu of mail choices.
History actually is full of cruel figures likely to inspire legends and myths.
History adds motivations, dreams, fears, to flesh out the skeletal data.
History adds prudence to such pride.
History advances at a dizzying pace.
History affirms that and the Bible declares it.
History affords many parallels.
History affords no better example of the stronger using violence against the weaker.
History affords no more striking example.
History affords students a lesson in dealing with current adversity.
History again appears to be repeating itself.
History again makes up one-quarter of the curriculum.
History again repeats itself.
History again shines in the variety of arts and crafts available in Northwest Arkansas.
History agrees with that.
History alone fails adequately to reveal future development destiny.
History alone provides a yardstick for gauging progress and change.
History already offers evidence of the next party switchers.
History already provides too much evidence of the hazards of overfishing.
History also brings life to the study of science.
History also brings something more to the table.
History also can prove educational.
History also dates back to Natives of the American continents.
History also demonstrates that research on accessible technology benefits everyone.
History also favors small-cap investors.
History also figures into the pro-attachment mix.
History also gives a student several options for a future career.
History also gives ominous news to shareholders in today's megamergers.
History also happens when ordinary people do ordinary deeds.
History also includes social studies and geography.
History also involves perspective.
History also is revealed in folk dress.
History also judges the response of ordinary people in making sure the crisis is squarely faced.
History also lends itself to the exercise of persuasive communication skills, both oral and written.
History also limits prospects for missile defense cooperation between Japan and South Korea.
History also looms large at our next stop.
History also makes an exciting teaching career.
History also offers a foundation upon which to build bigger and better things.
History also offers more tangible benefits.
History also overlaps with some of the 'scientific' issues.
History also provides a context in which to analyze current events.
History also provides a corrective to our own assumptions and prejudices.
History also provides rigorous training in research, writing, analytical and conceptual skills.
History also remains untouched.
History also repeats itself in families in ways that are more than skin deep.
History also reveals significant impairment in social, marital, and occupational functioning.
History also seems to be working against the survival of so many investment-banking outposts.
History also seems to favour the Spanish side.
History also serves as a preparation for a career as a historian.
History also serves as an indispensable adjunct to careers in the humanities and social sciences.
History also serves as an indispensable avenue to careers in the humanities and social sciences.
History also shows that Australia are a formidable side.
History also shows that the people's perception of Roosevelt was quite different.
History also shows that the poorest countries have the worst environmental records.
History also shows the abysmal horror of fallen man's sin.
History also suggests a difficult road ahead.
History also suggests some interest in international affairs.
History also suggests, however, some reasons for the difficulties encountered on that road.
History also suggests, however, that Salem was the only town in the state that responded that year.
History also teaches a lesson.
History also works in mysterious ways.
History amplifies our shifting gaze and our bodily and intellectual responses to beauty.
History amply illustrates that any other approach erodes democratic institutions.
History amply shows that science is the only reliable mechanism for understanding natural phenomena.
History answers that violent words can lead to violent deeds.
History appears to be racing backward as rapidly as it is racing forward.
History appears to be repeating itself.
History appears to have played an important role in building relations between Peru and Asia.
History appears to move in parallels.
History appears to repeat itself in discussing the issue of multiple-causation in stuttering.
History appears to support pouring.
History applies to the opposite capacity to see how the larger story applies to oneself.
History are facts of the past.
History argues against getting too worried about the latest moves, though.
History argues against it.
History argues against the usefulness economic sanctions.
History argues for a long siege.
History argues for a suspenseful outcome.
History arises from the clash and resolution of innumerable wills and accidents.
History attests that cassette tape become the industry norm.
History attests to the fact that Tibet is one of the most ancient nations of the world.
History attests to the power of the faith to overcome the world.
History attests to their success.
History awaits their judgments.
History bears it out in a remarkble way and it is reflected throughout Scripture.
History bears out that every revival has come through prayer.
History bears out the strong relationship between humans and snakes.
History bears out their concern.
History bears that out.
History bears witness to it.
History becomes a cave to be explored.
History becomes a common panorama.
History becomes a context for knowledge rather than an end in itself.
History becomes a magical kaleidoscope.
History becomes a part of their understanding of how artists reflect the values of our culture.
History becomes a series of accidents.
History becomes all dates.
History becomes art, the political becomes transformative, the personal becomes universal.
History becomes herstory.
History becomes hypertext.
History becomes legend and myth and fable, a vehicle for moral tales of virtue and valor.
History becomes more alive and useful to classroom practice.
History becomes now.
History becomes one of the best places to look for the elusive, deeper meanings of the two nations.
History becomes personalized in issues such as ethnic or national pride.
History becomes the movement and triumph of spirit and of the emerging Romantic concept of reason.
History becomes unimportant.
History becomes very personal when something brings life's memories rushing back.
History begins anew with each generation.
History Begins at Sumer .
History Begins at Sumer.
History begins here.
History begins when records are kept.
History begins with a sense of the sequence of events.
History begins with the written record of man.
History being the ultimate value means finding out what happens.
History belies the claims that low capital gains taxes stimulate the economy.
History belongs to everyone.
History belongs to history.
History belongs to the winner.
History blends effortlessly with useful tips and places of interest.
History breathe past some attention before lift surfing.
History breathes and inspires the imagination of young and old alike.
History breathes through a dialectic of incompatibles, a dance of yin and yang.
History buff, snowboarder, traveller, sushi lover.
History builds reputation which lends confidence.
History bulges through the walls.
History calls it fascism.
History calls, and it's no place for the arrogant.
History can accommodate many approaches.
History can add realism to fantasy in terms of grit.
History can also be valuable training for someone who plans to teach.
History can and has to be studied in many different ways.
History can be a cure for prejudice and provincialism.
History can be a demanding subject.
History can be a good teacher.
History can be a great teacher when it comes to finding solutions for conflicts.
History can be a help.
History can be a powerful tool.
History can be a real hard task master.
History can be a reality-check after all, rather than a liberal toy to play with.
History can be a useful guide.
History can be a very interesting subject.
History can be a very interesting thing.
History can be a very powerful tool in investment research.
History can be a wonderful thing.
History can be cool.
History can be dramatic.
History can be fascinating and educational.
History can be fascinating, or lethally dull.
History can be fragile.
History can be fun when it is enlivened with stories about the people who made it.
History can be fun, kids.
History can be fuzzy.
History can be hard to overcome.
History can be like that.
History can be neither hidden nor tampered with.
History can be of inestimable value to nonmajors.
History can be our guide.
History can be our school, our inspiration or our escape.
History can be preventative and inspirational at the same time.
History can be selective.
History can be so, well, politically incorrect.
History can be true and a positive force for society.
History can be, as one student said at the end of last year, a lot cooler than it used to be.
History can begin in the very recent past.
History can bring preventive, therapeutic and curative powers to many social ills today.
History can change in the blink of an eye.
History can change stuff.
History can come alive as students view the landscape and see the evidence of an ancient shoreline.
History can come alive for young adults with a strong viewpoint character.
History can come alive here as an engaging process rather than a petrified preserve.
History can doubtless look after itself.
History can easily fall into a trap of unreality.
History can easily repeat itself.
History can end just as quickly as a penny can drop.
History can evoke a sense of loss, as old worlds pass away, or promise.
History can explode many of the historical narrations of theological literature.
History can fit into a business career.
History can happily reside in books and some photographs, they say.
History can help inform viewers in lots of ways.
History can hinge on a few fateful decisions.
History can lead to wisdom for one simply reason.
History can liberate or it can oppress.
History can lie.
History can make for a massive fan base.
History can never be perfect.
History can only be fair and just and based on factual information.
History can only suffer from such virtual treatment.
History can overtake a plot too.
History can provide that multiculturalism.
History can provide valuable lessons.
History can record, at best, some of the events in the life or development of a church.
History can repeat itself.
History can resemble a snowball on a downhill run . . .
History can seem like a lot of impersonal forces, but it often comes down to personal relationships.
History can show the existence of certain parallelisms between art and science.
History can sometimes be more captivating than any detective story.
History can sometimes seem full of jargon.
History can sort itself out.
History can supply some interesting parallels.
History can t wait.
History can teach many different kinds of lessons.
History can teach, but only if students are willing to learn.
History can tell that a comfortable balance between the two produces a successful mix.
History can turn on a spoon, on a soup.
History can, on the other hand, reveal all that is the present.
History casts a haunting shadow over the present.
History casts a long shadow.
History Catch the glimpse of world history.
History ceases to be a story, and disintegrates into myriad stories with no unifying centre.
History certainly does repeat itself in various ways, and yet, history always moves forward.
History certainly has a habit of repeating itself.
History certainly suggests as much.
History certainly supports the scientist's warning.
History changes in ways that they don t expect.
History changes the man as much as the man can change history.
History Check here for new and additional links.
History Check out our website from previous years.
History claims that the roots of computerized instruction can be traced back more than sixty years.
History clearly impacts here on the spirit and contours of halakha.
History clearly shows that many in government promise a lot, but deliver little.
History clearly shows who changed the Sabbath.
History clearly teaches that empires rise and fall.
History Click a book's cover to order or find out more.
History Click on a book title or an accessory graphic to for enlarged view and more information.
History Click on any of the images to see a larger picture.
History Click on any of the photos below to view a full size picture.
History Click on category to select.
History Click on for information about the database or service.
History click on history link to combine sets c.
History Click on links below for scoring recaps.
History Click on photographs for larger versions.
History Click on the check box to enable a chronological list of numeric values.
History Click on the drop-down menu, which displays previously visited full text articles.
History Click on to display created on and created by information.
History come alive in novel form.
History Come Alive.
History comes alive for future generations.
History comes alive for students who are plugged into primary sources.
History comes alive in a most exciting way.
History comes alive in a most impressive way.
History comes alive in folk ballads that women chant during their house - hold chores.
History comes alive in Monterey State Historic Park.
History comes alive in Northwest Arkansas .
History comes alive in our beautiful and treasured antebellum homes.
History comes alive in Pensacola, where tours are available of three historical districts.
History comes alive in the dim, cramped bowels of the reconstructed hull of an emigrant packet ship.
History comes alive on a guided tram tour to the Civil War sites of Arsenal Island.
History comes alive through motivating projects that integrate history and language arts.
History comes alive through the community.
History comes alive through the use of films, radio recordings, and television footage.
History comes alive when children see the human side that is reflected in biographies.
History comes alive when seen through the lives of families.
History comes alive when seen through the lives of real families.
History comes alive when the students can relate to the story.
History comes alive with photographic reproductions of original documents.
History comes alive.
History comes and goes.
History comes back to haunt Ireland periodically and all too periodically.
History comes from Alberta, Canada with several Canadian social studies sites as well as others.
History comes full circle, just as humanity did a thousand years ago.
History comes in double entendres at the coffee-shop table.
History Comes in handy for people who look up things more often.
History comes in many strange forms.
History comes off best as a spiral rather than a straight line or a circle.
History comes out of the books and into the lives of all who visit here.
History comes to life before their very eyes.
History comes to life in a fast-moving, stylish program that sparkles with humor.
History comes to life through authentic artifacts, stories, anecdotes and hands on materials.
History comes to life with the aid of maps, photos and video and moving models.
History comes to life.
History comes vividly to life in minutely detailed and action packed battlescenes.
History Comics Save the timeline by matching the figures to the proper time period in history.
History Complete two history courses.
History comprehends also all the experience of the natural sciences.
History conclusively denies both apostolic succession and papal infallibility .
History concocts itself of insignificances.
History condemns usury.
History confirms that even the smallest detail happened just as predicted.
History confirms that few rights existed for the people who lived under the Soviet system.
History confirms that free minds, hearts, and bodies account for the greatest societal achievements.
History confirms the idea that more people are misled religiously than any other way.
History consists of the few things that have happened since.
History constantly changes in response to the evolving present.
History constantly presents old problems in new disguises.
History constantly repeats itself.
History constitutes one-quarter of the course.
History constitutes one-quarter of the year's studies.
History Contains a chronological history of changes to the activity statement.
History contains evil.
History contains links to educational sites appropriate for children.
History contains many lessons.
History contains sites with information concerning mathematicians and the history of mathematics.
History contains the record of many a deipnosophistic squabble.
History contains the stories of men, women and children.
History continues to be made.
History continues to be short-changed in the American media.
History continues to prove the wisdom of their vision and their fears again and again.
History continues to repeat itself.
History continues to replay itself into present times.
History continues to show the impact of teachers and coaches on our state and national leaders.
History contributes to moral understanding.
History Covers all aspects of U.S. history and society from earliest times to the present.
History covers park geography and the architects and sculptors.
History crashes on the rocks of an uncertain present.
History create many oppotunity.
History creates history.
History creates legendary heroes.
History creates the objective conditions as does new machinery, conquest, and revolution.
History creates the oddest catalysts for progress.
History currently has incredible diversity and many sub-disciplines.
History deals with all the events of the past which are significant for human beings.
History deals with everything that has happened to man.
History deals with facts, but the facts are always viewed with perspective.
History deals with general patterns, big pictures, causes and consequences.
History deals with one town or with German towns or with European towns in the Middle Ages.
History deepens our understanding of other peoples and cultures.
History defies any such claim.
History defies laws.
History defines generations, bur generations also define history . . .
History Defines the size of the compression history buffer.
History definitely repeats itself.
History demands an answer.
History demands it.
History demands researching skills.
History demands the creation of a new worldwide force for justice.
History demands the development of research skills.
History demands vigilance in protecting fundamental rights.
History demonstrates a long history of persecutions against the Jewish people.
History demonstrates a proven success.
History demonstrates continual privacy violations by government for political gain.
History demonstrates repeatedly that each liberty supports the others.
History demonstrates that cold conditions affects outcome of battles.
History demonstrates that exploration results in discoveries of great value.
History demonstrates that fathers have been periodically been absent in the lives of their children.
History demonstrates that human achievements can be lost.
History demonstrates that lower tax rates are good for the economy.
History demonstrates that money has been an issue in virtually every contract, however.
History demonstrates that on-line transactions are safe.
History demonstrates that over and over again.
History demonstrates that rapid change in political relations does occur.
History demonstrates that responsibility for the debt lies with lenders as well as borrowers.
History demonstrates that revolutions either expand or they die.
History demonstrates that tax increases never help an economy but hurt it.
History demonstrates that the peoples who win are the ones who are more organised and rational.
History demonstrates that they have often failed to do so.
History demonstrates that, when tolerated, porn and prostitution tend to be contained.
History demonstrates the error of humans very clearly.
History demonstrates the folly of building a huge edifice of credit on slender foundations.
History denies that.
History depends on faculty members to maintain software and advise other faculty.
History depends upon an open and honest confrontation of the material.
History depends upon the skills of communication.
History depicts the slow mitigation and decline of war.
History Describe the abnormality on the following skull film.
History Describe the first people to settle in Ohio.
History described above is based on the former stand point.
History deserves some mention here, too.
History deserves to be chronicled with care and love.
History determine Blackboard beyond bowl beside either honda civic or learn within lots family.
History Develop a timeline of the history of Antarctic exploration.
History develops a perspective on the traditions and influences that have shaped the modern world.
History develops like a river as it cuts a channel, a collective memory.
History develops the child's understanding of the past.
History dictates that coins with greater rotations are worth more to collectors.
History dictates that.
History dictates the necessity of drastic measures.
History dictates why medical distrust exists today for some minorities.
History differs from Annals.
History Dig into the facts and legends of Jamaican musical history.
History Discover more about the history of Waterford.
History Discuss the history of microbiology.
History Discuss what else took place in the world during different major tsunamis.
History Document the history of a neighborhood using oral history techniques.
History documents the opposite effect.
History does benefit when available.
History does come to life.
History does get bent in the interests of playability though.
History does have a purpose.
History does have purpose.
History does have some interesting twists.
History does indeed have a tendency to repeat itself.
History does indeed repeat itself.
History does record one other teachers' strike in Vermont.
History does repeat itself - every several generations.
History does repeat itself - in more ways than one.
History does repeat itself after all.
History does repeat itself in many forms.
History does repeat itself, at least in Japan, and probably with the same results.
History does repeat itself.
History does repeat.
History does seem to be repeating itself.
History does seem to repeat itself.
History does serve a purpose, the purpose to unite our country in the best interest of the people.
History does so have a habit of repeating itself.
History does tend to repeat itself.
History does that.
History does, after all, have a way of repeating itself.
History does, indeed, repeat itself.
History dwells here, too.
History easily combines as a second major or a minor.
History effects individuals and communities alike.
History electives in at least TWO areas other than the concentration.
History embraces a small part of reality.
History embraces the daily activities of individuals living during a significant time period.
History emerges through marriage, and from marriage nations appear and an ideal world begins.
History emphatically is more than past politics.
History encapsulates the promise of redemption.
History encompasses every state of human life and form of action in the past.
History encompasses the length and breadth of all world civilizations.
History ends and the books disappears when narrative continuity collapses in the instant.
History endures in Mexico.
History enriches our lives.
History enriches our practice.
History enriches the mind by enabling it to compare present and past events, ideas and movements.
History entails the story of man s trials, progress, and failure.
History Enter into the world of French history.
History enters our story in the guise of dirty underwear.
History especially places on the current leadership an onerous task.
History even shows that one vote has made the difference in a tight race.
History Examining quilting at the turn of the last century is a study of contrasts.
History exists because the oppressed exist.
History exists only in the minds of historians.
History Explain the uniqueness of the U.S. dual banking system.
History extends human knowledge beyond what individuals experience on their own .
History extends human knowledge beyond what individuals experience on their own.
History extols the great deeds of men of extraordinary skill who have shaped nations.
History fades the track from trailing behind the planet.
History falls into the scientific category.
History favors Butler County.
History favors someone from the pack.
History favors the pro-airport forces.
History feels awfully confusing.
History Find and use the Library Homepage .
History Find articles on countries around the world.
History Find help, report problems, and contribute information.
History Find out how it all began.
History Find out how it all started.
History Find out how Laos became one of the last remaining communist countries in the world.
History Find out more about the township's beginnings and how it has changed over the years.
History Find people.
History finds great difficulties in restoring to life the institutions of the barbarians.
History finishes with an appeal to the reconciliation.
History flows on.
History Follow the history of one of Hollywood's most beloved movie studios.
History forbids it.
History forgets tragedy, and embraces emblematic icons.
History forms a mere backdrop to the plot.
History forms along the borders the Mediterranean in different ways.
History Fosters an interest in history.
History furnishes several analogous cases, and they all teach the same lesson.
History generally repeats itself and preparation for the storm is best done during the calm.
History Get information about historical events in British Columbia .
History gets old fast.
History gets short shrift.
History gets thicker as it approaches recent times.
History given by patient itself and associated psychopathology is usually present.
History gives a chronology of the modifications to the gun.
History gives a conclusive answer.
History gives a truer mimesis of human experience than theory is able to provide.
History gives few examples of leaders who become more radical in office.
History gives growth a direction.
History gives life, meaning and direction to contemporary resistance.
History gives many examples of new taxes being created to greater or lesser public complaint.
History gives many examples of religious persecution.
History gives shape to the human experience.
History gives the answer.
History Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
History goes here.
History goes on.
History happens every day, too.
History happens here .
History happens in small towns as welll as large and by a wide variety of people.
History happens in the center of things.
History happens one day at a time.
History has a birthday every day.
History has a brief history of the various buildings the district has used.
History has a direction, something new is to be created in it and through it.
History has a funny was of repeating itself sometimes.
History has a funny way of repeating itself.
History has a habit of repeating itself, in small ways as well as large ones.
History has a habit of repeating itself.
History has a long memory.
History has a long-range perspective.
History has a lot of gray areas and sometimes conflicting accounts of what actually happened.
History has a peculiar power, in that it purports to tell the truth.
History has a peculiar way of repeating itself.
History has a peculiarly vital position in the landscape of Britain.
History has a progression.
History has a strange behaviour in repeating it self in the most ironic of ways.
History has a strange way of working itself out.
History has a striking tendency to repeat itself over and over in regular cycles.
History has a stutter again.
History has a tendency that goes towards broader freedom for men.
History has a tendency to distort.
History has a tendency to repeat itself, and so do economic trends.
History has a tendency to repeat itself.
History has a two-fold fascination.
History has a unique characteristic.
History has a way of bringing out cock-ups.
History has a way of changing things though.
History has a way of diminishing details.
History has a way of erasing details and the memory of the original form.
History has a way of evoking strong emotions in people.
History has a way of hiding truth.
History has a way of intruding the present, and shaping the future.
History has a way of repeating itself, as a similar controversy arose over the Tin Machine II cover.
History has a way of repeating itself.
History has a way of setting events into proper perspective.
History has a way of sneaking up on science fiction.
History has a way of sometimes distorting the facts.
History has a weight, and lifting it always has a price.
History has an odd way of being circular.
History has an odd way of repeating itself.
History has an uncanny and depressingly regular way of repeating itself.
History has an uncanny way of repeating itself.
History has an unexpected way of repeating itself.
History has certain downward trends which signify the cosmic influence on a nation.
History has confusing subplots, poor dialogue, and a lack of focus.
History has cycles, some hysterical, some relevant.
History has different angles.
History has it that success breeds enemies.
History has it that the tombs are remainants of another city that was sought to be built in Delhi.
History has it that the tombs are remants of another city that was soght to be built in Delhi.
History has it that the tombs are remnants of another city that was sought to be built in Delhi.
History has it that they died together in a wagon accident.
History has it the window was used as a lookout in the days of speakeasies and bolito halls.
History has little use for a general ideal type of entrepreneur.
History has little value since it is based on an illusion.
History has long lists of the consequences of the widespread publication of lies.
History has many examples of overconsumption of timber, fish, and wildlife.
History has many examples of root and branch genocides, such as the Holocaust.
History has many streams, but sometimes they flow together in pleasing ways.
History has meaning, oppression has meaning, suffering has meaning.
History has more to do with the present than the past.
History has more to fear from an artist than a hack.
History has movement and objective.
History has no answer.
History has no beginning or end.
History has no beginning so far as anyone can definitely assert.
History has no clear answer to the charisma question.
History has no courage.
History has no example of a more daring charge.
History has no like example of a like greatness.
History has no place in the brave new world of post-modern academic theory anyway.
History has no progression.
History has no record of the events of the next four hundred years.
History has no statute of limitations.
History has no such advantages.
History has no truth.
History has no value on the Internet.
History has one chapter in excellent guide.
History has only contrasts.
History has plenty of examples to support the old tag.
History has positive experiences too.
History has purpose, direction, and focus.
History has shown reproductive freedom is the key to women's empowerment.
History has some strange parallels.
History has the last word.
History has to account for some of our anxiety too.
History has to be respected a lot more than it is.
History has to be re-written to reflect their distorted view of the world.
History has to be the guide here, financial advisers say.
History has to judge every man who served.
History has winners and losers, and they see the same events with different eyes.
History Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
History Help the local historical society compile records and presentations on local history.
History helps explain the difference.
History helps our future.
History helps people to understand the relationships between past and present.
History helps people to understand their world.
History helps students to read and write well, talents vital to success in any field of endeavour.
History helps students to think how to think and to learn how to learn .
History helps students understand their world.
History helps to give a society a sense of identity and purpose.
History here entails morality.
History here is truly touchable and interactive.
History here merges directly with living politics.
History hides in the strangest places .
History hides neither, but exposes both for the world to see.
History highlights the essence casting away details that hinder the core.
History holds all things in the balance, including large hopes and short lives.
History holds different answers at different times.
History holds numerous examples.
History however holds the balance.
History illuminates the motive.
History illuminates the obscure and transforms confusing events into meaningful patterns.
History illustrates that plant diseases can have a significant effect on human society.
History Imagine life in the third century B.C. in a small Chinese village.
History improves the mind.
History includes a list of ministers.
History includes a series of decadent eras, as well as a series of renaissance-type eras.
History includes a sudden onset of severe unilateral scrotal pain.
History includes culture, local, regional, families, etc.
History includes everything that happened in the past.
History includes heavy smoking.
History includes information on records,awards, and the postseason.
History includes other symptoms, diet, exercise and socio-emotional factors and triggers.
History includes today.
History indeed can take some strange twists.
History indeed does have a stutter again.
History indeed repeats itself.
History indicates events in the history of learning that wordlist.
History indicates if the message has been forwarded, etc. and by whom.
History indicates otherwise.
History indicates seven years of uninterrupted steady growth are unlikely.
History indicates that a separate convention results in confusion and conflict.
History indicates that if downsizing becomes necessary, it has a disastrous effect on workload.
History indicates that it is possible for the agencies to cooperate.
History indicates that legality is a factor in reducing drug use.
History indicates that lower capital gains taxes have a positive impact on federal revenues.
History indicates that man in all ages and among all nations has engaged in fasting.
History indicates that overall elevated market levels usually continue into the spring.
History indicates that power has been controlled by men.
History indicates that recessions hit the low end of the labor market hardest.
History indicates that Russia was equally as atrocious as Germany.
History indicates that the item disappeared or was destroyed during the raid.
History indicates the total number of right or wrong events in the history session.
History inevitably becomes mythologised.
History insists that one reckon with forefathers.
History inspires film .
History intends to find that the truth is illusive.
History Introduces students to skills and concepts needed for a disciplined study of the human past.
History involves a critical examination of sources of information.
History involves a lot of detective work, and there are many different kinds of historical writing.
History involves asking questions about the past.
History involves both primary and secondary resources.
History involves constant debate because it is open to many interpretations.
History involves critical thinking.
History involves explaining people and events.
History involves figuring out complicated situations.
History involves interpretation.
History involves making sense out of jumble of facts.
History involves many things, only oneof which is war.
History involves more than headline stories.
History is a battleground.
History is a better guide than good intentions.
History is a better indicator if used over the long term.
History is a big mess.
History is a bone-yard of conquered nations that makes very little sense.
History is a brand of science.
History is a bridge to other disciplines.
History is a capricious character.
History is a celebration of passing time.
History is a chain of errors.
History is a chain of missed opportunities.
History Is a chance to learn about the past and how the world became the way it is today.
History is a chronicle of human delusions.
History is a chronicle of societies where social power has been concentrated in a few hands.
History is a chronicle whose function is to iterate change.
History is a class room to learn our past.
History is a clock that people use to tell their political and cultural time of day.
History is a clock that people use to tell their time of day.
History is a cognitive science.
History is a cold judge.
History is a collage of individual stories.
History is a collection of shortcuts to recently visited Web sites.
History is a combination of facts and their interpretation.
History is a combination of reality and lies.
History is a community treasure easily buried.
History is a compelling standard.
History is a complete fluke.
History is a complex, changing discipline and historians are a diverse group.
History is a conjuring trick that mankind plays on itself.
History is a connector of the past, present, and future.
History is a conspiracy, set in motion by demonic forces of almost transcendent power.
History is a conspiracy.
History is a constant struggle between continuity and change.
History is a constant thing, and now is the chance to be a part of it.
History is a continuing example of the failure of censorship.
History is a continuing process of discovery.
History is a continuing process.
History is a continuing series of current events.
History is a continuum, an unfolding story.
History is a continuum.
History is a core around which liberal education can be structured.
History is a craft, requiring both tools and materials.
History is a creative endeavor.
History is a crewmember.
History is a cultural survival tool.
History is a cultural tradition enduring and progressing through time.
History is a cumulative thing.
History is a damn dim candle over a damn dark abyss.
History is a definite record of time.
History is a demanding mistress.
History is a depressing, dreary litany of wars.
History is a desirable foundation for various courses of study in college as well as for life.
History is a dialogue in the present with the past about the future.
History is a difficult and subtle craft.
History is a difficult word to define because it has so many facets.
History is a discipline to encourage the imagination.
History is a distillation of rumor.
History is a door of opportunity for understanding the past and the present.
History is a dull thing when it treats of facts and dates and ignores personalities.
History is a factor in considering the future of U.S. immigration policy.
History is a false permanence in that, again, it is only one interpretation.
History is a fascinating field of study.
History is a fascinating subject and a wonderful way to travel through time.
History is a field of contested meanings .
History is a firehose.
History is a foreign country, and the old are unwilling emigrants, tired out by the constant travel.
History is a form of inquiry and a way of knowing both the world and one s place in it.
History is a fragile and often a perishable form of merchandise.
History is a frugal fellow.
History is a furious debate informed by evidence and reason.
History is a gigantic process of destruction.
History is a good base for the subsequent study of law and can lead to a wide range of careers.
History is a good indicator of the future.
History is a good schoolteacher.
History is a good teacher because it's remarkably stable.
History is a good teacher, though.
History is a good teacher.
History is a graveyard of futuristic visions that fell flat.
History is a graveyard of visions that fizzled.
History is a great subject for school and life.
History is a great teacher in that regard.
History is a great teacher of lessons.
History is a great teacher.
History is a great way to teach students to learn from past mistakes.
History is a grim master.
History is a hammock for swinging and a game for playing.
History is a hard teacher.
History is a harsh judge.
History is a heavy presence here.
History is a higher cause.
History is a higher name, and imports literary productions of the first order.
History is a huge topic.
History is a joke.
History is a laboratory manual for the recording of experiments.
History is a lame excuse for the stupid things men do.
History is a lasting asset because it never stops growing.
History is a liberal arts education in itself.
History is a lie agreed upon.
History is a lie.
History is a linear stream of events linked by cause and effect without an overarching purpose.
History is a little like science in that supporting evidence is sought to answer questions.
History is a living and growing entity.
History is a living body of knowledge, the collected and organized record for humanity.
History is a living body of knowledge, the collected and organized record of humanity.
History is a living, breathing thing.
History is a long record of price ceilings and anti-usury laws.
History is a lot more visual now.
History is a major appeal in small towns.
History is a major focus of the course.
History is a major interest of the vice chancellor.
History is a major interest.
History is a major that requires sitting and many, many hours of reading.
History is a mass of struggles, political, economic, philosophical and religious.
History is a matter of facts, but a creative process is always under revision.
History is a matter of perception.
History is a means of disseminating and comprehending the wisdom and folly of our forbears.
History is a means of understanding the relationship between past and present.
History is a means of understanding the relationship between the past and the present.
History is a method that works within the normal range of human behaviour and emotion.
History is a mind-training discipline and has a practicality that is supreme.
History is a mirror of the past And a lesson for the present.
History is a module on historical method called historians and the writing of history .
History is a mosaic made ever more vivid by the addition of endless subtleties of detail.
History is a mosaic, and the image is incomplete without all the tiles.
History is a narrative, depicted in language that is protean and arbitrarily assigned value.
History is a never-ending sequence of examples.
History is a nurturing force.
History is a one way road with all exits closed.
History is a one-time thing.
History is a pageant, a play, a saga, a story well-told.
History is a part of our heritage and identity.
History is a past
History is a patchwork of pieces large and small.
History is a people's memory, and without memory man is demoted to the lower animals.
History is a picture filtered through the lenses of time, language, and point of view.
History is a poor guide to the unprecedented.
History is a powerful ally.
History is a powerful master.
History is a powerful tool for an oppressed people, for it can provide a people with hope.
History is a powerful tool.
History is a primary undergraduate major, preparing students for a wide range of careers.
History is a prime example of the struggle of diversity.
History is a process of inquiry into questions of human affairs in their time and place.
History is a process, which never ends.
History is a progression, right, of smaller, more mundane events packed between Big Events.
History is a public subject, and it only lives if it's read and discussed.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.
History is a reading subject.
History is a realm open to rational investigation.
History is a recognised school teaching subject.
History is a record of past events in a temporal sequence.
History is a record of the competition for global dominance.
History is a record of the encounter between character and circumstance.
History is a record of the evolving process of life.
History is a record of their ideas and their character in action.
History is a record of what happened - from an interpreters point of view.
History is a relentless master.
History is a repetitive creature, and what s happening in Georgia and elsewhere is far from new.
History is a resource to be learned from and used.
History is a response to the eternal desire of human beings to know more about themselves.
History is a result of sin.
History is a revealing witness, although one that has been tampered with for the sake of religion.
History is a rhetorical exercise, much of it has to be interpreted.
History is a rich, complex human drama.
History is a rigorous discipline aiming to understand past human cultures.
History is a scholarly account of the past, delivered in whatever language or by whatever means.
History is a school of truth, reason and virtue.
History is a science, is the the search of the sources.
History is a science, no less and no more.
History is a search for understanding, which respects the dignity and discipline of sources.
History is a sequence of events placed in proper chronological order.
History is a series of opportunities, seized or missed.
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the winners.
History is a set of lies agreed upon.
History is a set of nested resonances with each epoch being shorter than the one that preceded it.
History is a shifting discourse, open to a variety of interpretations.
History is a slobbering mess.
History is a special favorite, along with good fiction.
History is a story of love, hate, war, compassion, creation, discovery, lust, heroes and villains.
History is a story of man's past built up out of written records and dates.
History is a story that can be dramatized.
History is a story well told.
History is a story, a long and never-ending adventure.
History is a strange creature.
History is a struggle of the mind, an adventure.
History is a study of past records of significant and generally unrepeated events. .
History is a subject complementary to many other areas of study.
History is a subject of broad appeal and relevance.
History is a subject one can use in many different areas, especially within media.
History is a systematization of versions, which are mostly unilateral.
History is a teacher.
History is a term that includes a massive amount of information.
History is a term that includes a massive amount of material.
History is a terrific detective yarn that never ends.
History is a tough subjectto pin down on shortwave, that is.
History is a trajectory.
History is a tricky story that depends on who is telling it and where they're coming from.
History is a useful guide here.
History is a valuable area of study for pre-law students.
History is a vast early-warning system.
History is a version of events.
History is a version of what happened, a construction of the data.
History is a very old thing in Egypt but it is still being written.
History is a very solid foundation on which to base one's judgment.
History is a vibrant field of study.
History is a vital part of that material.
History is a voyeur.
History is a web guide for readers, students, and teachers of English literature.
History is a wonderful teacher for life.
History is a wonderful thing, which gives one much perspective.
History is abound here.
History is about a lot more than memorizing dates, names, and isolated facts.
History is about bridging a gap in experience between the present and the past.
History is about change and continuity over time and space.
History is about change.
History is about dead people.
History is about imagining.
History is about living.
History is about men and women.
History is about people and events both at present and in the past.
History is about people and so the dynamics of history are the dynamics of the human psyche.
History is about people and what they believed and believed in.
History is about people.
History is about perception.
History is about power.
History is about real people doing exciting things.
History is about stories that are over.
History is about studying and then learning the lessons of the past.
History is about telling people s stories.
History is about the people who lived it.
History is about to be made on Beacon Hill, either for better or worse.
History is about to be made.
History is about to occur.
History is about to repeat itself in Indonesia.
History is about to repeat itself in Southeast Asia.
History is about to repeat itself.
History is about today.
History is about tough guys.
History is about what has changed.
History is about what has happened in the past.
History is absolutely important for the present and the future.
History is absorbed in order to be dissolved.
History is academic journals.
History is accurate, though names have changed for various reasons.
History is accurate.
History is acknowledged only as it pertains to the present situation.
History is against any newcomer being a success.
History is alienation as it appears to consciousness.
History is alive and abundant in Bozeman.
History is alive and still part of everyday life, albeit unconsciously.
History is alive and throbbing in Delhi, the capital of India.
History is alive and well here, and there are a great many volunteers dedicated to preserving it.
History is alive in Granada and has a direct impact on daily life.
History is alive in the restored historic town site located in the middle of the park.
History is alive on Maui.
History is alive.
History is all about remembering.
History is all about selected memories.
History is all about time.
History is all seamless, it's all real, it's all relevant.
History is also a distraction in ' The Gardens of Frau Hess '.
History is also a jealous lover.
History is also a major focus.
History is also about ordinary people and their everyday lives.
History is also about responsibility.
History is also always partial, always incomplete.
History is also an area which can benefit from the use of the Internet as a tool to learning.
History is also an ideal second major augmenting the advantages of almost any field of study.
History is also an important component of teaching software.
History is also argument and controversy, and strengthens the mind.
History is also central to a liberal arts education.
History is also hard to pin down to a date, a time, a place.
History is also important, for the reasons stated earlier.
History is also important.
History is also in India's favour.
History is also interesting.
History is also one of the broadest and most universal of the humanities.
History is also something to consider.
History is also subjective.
History is also useful since it trains the mind to interpret any human events, past or present.
History is always a form of invention.
History is always a simplified illusion of what actually or expressly was.
History is always a work in progress.
History is always about geography.
History is always an interesting subject.
History is always close at hand in the Balkans.
History is always history as seen by .
History is always kinder to the victor.
History is always more about the reader than the period being read.
History is always our beginning.
History is always parable to the truth.
History is always present in Ireland.
History is always relevant to the present.
History is always the same.
History is always too complex for simple explanations.
History is ambivalent.
History is an academic discipline offering both breadth and focus.
History is an accumulation of error.
History is an accumulation of past actions.
History is an accurate science, based on facts.
History is an anchor in reality against the rhetorical winds of the zeitgeist .
History is an anomaly.
History is an argument without end.
History is an Aryan invention.
History is an educated guessing game, after all.
History is an elusive chimera, shaped and recorded by the winning side.
History is an endless repetition of the wrong way of living.
History is an essential resource for understanding the making of Ireland.
History is an evolving record of emotion, aspiration, frustration, and success.
History is an excellent foundation for a broadly based education in the liberal arts.
History is an excellent major.
History is an excellent preparation for a career in business and management, banking, and insurance.
History is an excellent pre-professional degree.
History is an excellent source of herbal knowledge.
History is an excellent undergraduate preparation for law, the ministry, and journalism.
History is an ideal instrument of liberal education, as both a literary art and social science.
History is an ideal major for students preferring a broad liberal arts education.
History is an important component, including recent history.
History is an important element of the national psychic in the Arab world.
History is an important part of Cumberland Island as well.
History is an important part of Virginia culture.
History is an important subject.
History is an important thing.
History is an indication of the confidence that a particular cell is occupied by an object.
History is an inexhaustible fund of entertainment and instruction.
History is an integral part of community identity.
History is an integral part of the liberal arts education.
History is an interpretation of the past.
History is an intrinsically interesting and satisfying subject.
History is an invaluable benchmark for today's leaders.
History is an ongoing continuum.
History is an ongoing series of human interest stories.
History is an open-ended game, or at lest revising it is.
History is an optional subject for Joint Honours students in the Final Year.
History is an unrepeated line of events related by cause and effect, without a real purpose.
History is ancient.
History is and needs to be constantly revised.
History is annoying.
History is another core area of a liberal arts education.
History is another issue.
History is another.
History is anything but a dead subject.
History is anything but boring when the emphasis is on interactivity and creativity.
History is argument and communication about the past.
History is as giant here as the Central Region itself.
History is as History is read.
History is as important as current workforce demographics and global imperatives.
History is as long ago as the most ancient civilizations or as current as yesterday's newspaper.
History is as much about forgetting as remembering.
History is as necessary a tool to the oppressed as language itself.
History is asleep.
History is at once confused with metaphor and fiction and language.
History is awash with examples of debts cancelled for purely political reasons.
History is bad.
History is based on a synthesis of the past to create a mosaic of understanding the truth.
History is based on sources, and it depends upon what gets saved and preserved.
History is based on the differences of man.
History is beautiul, electrifying, illuminating and terrifying.
History is behind.
History is biography.
History is bittersweet.
History is blessed with perfect hindsight.
History is books.
History is born through mutual ties and cultural influences.
History is both an art and a science.
History is both humanistic study and social science.
History is both objective and subjective.
History is broken down into eight, color-coded time periods.
History is brutal revealing the truth.
History is built of a mix of senses and a braid of time.
History is bunk.
History is bunk.
History is but a catalogue of the working of man s flesh.
History is by nature flawed because the humans recording it are flawed.
History is by nature interdisciplinary and multi-cultural .
History is by no means just an accumulation of dates and names.
History is by no means replete with examples of past acts of positive and visionary statecraft.
History is by no means the only compelling reason to drive north.
History is central to many other senior-theater productions.
History is certainly one.
History is chalk full of sex.
History is change.
History is changed for convenience, switching back and forth to suit the government.
History is changed.
History is chaotic, but open.
History is chock full of examples of citizens who have been falsely sentenced to death.
History is cited to demonstrate the cognitive-linguistic basis of human morality.
History is clay that can be shaped, broken, and shaped again.
History is clear about what usually comes next.
History is clear and transparent.
History is clear on who suffers when a company takes on too much debt.
History is clear that free minds go hand in hand with free markets.
History is clear that intentions of cruelty and hatred never completely accomplish their tasks.
History is clear that the temple was utterly destroyed by the romans.
History is clear, environmental health and preventive medicine can make a difference.
History is clear.
History is clearly visible in Helsinki's expression.
History is cluttered with the wreckage of nations which lost their economic sovereignty.
History is cognition.
History is compared to a ladder that has to be climbed.
History is composed of events that themselves have history.
History is composed of the stories of many individual people.
History is conflict, genius, ignorance, stupidity, arrogance.
History is consistent on the positive role of trade in developing nations' economic welfare.
History is constantly redefined.
History is constantly rewritten, sex is forbidden, free speech is non-existant.
History is contingency, whereas tradition is continuity.
History is continuums.
History is covered both by default and determination.
History is covered, of course.
History is crammed with massacres.
History is created from sources of two types, primary and secondary.
History is critical in establishing a drug etiology.
History is crowded with conflicts fueled rather than defused by religion.
History is crowded with examples of fads and whims that faded quickly into obscurity.
History is crucial.
History is cyclical.
History is dead within debate.
History is defined as a series of administrations or eras.
History is defined as what has happened to the loaded wordlist before it was last loaded.
History is defined to be what the 'sacred texts' say, no matter what the factual evidence says.
History is determined by changes in religious values.
History is determined by who has the political power to write the books.
History is developed from written records.
History is different.
History is distillation of rumor.
History is distortion.
History is divided into past, present, and future.
History is divided into three periods of revelation.
History is divinely purposeful, and proceeding according to plan.
History is dotted with stories and sagas of ships lost at seas.
History is down there, waiting to be deciphered.
History is driven by tools.
History is drowned by alcohol and drugs.
History is dynamic.
History is economics in action.
History is edited.
History is elitest in nature.
History is elusive.
History is empowering.
History is enjoyable to read, it is fun.
History is enlightenment.
History is enriched when it is visual.
History is equally clear.
History is equally important, and perhaps in some instances, more important.
History is essential to any method of inquiry.
History is essential to both individuals and society.
History is essentially a human creation, just like a poem or a piece of sculpture.
History is essentially a record of how humans fulfilled their physical, mental, and spiritual needs.
History is essentially about people and their development over the period of time.
History is essentially the story of people and all people have perspectives.
History is eternal, life is short, play hard.
History is events brought about mostly by people.
History is events that have taken place and nothing can change the past.
History is ever present, and every sunset is a celebration.
History is everything that ever happened.
History is everything that happens apart from weather.
History is everything, really.
History is everything.
History is everywhere and the air is like champagne.
History is everywhere at Crater Lake.
History is everywhere on that campus.
History is everywhere, and the history is poignant.
History is everywhere, densely packed.
History is everywhere, in story, in place, in landscape.
History is everywhere, visit an old fort or the air force museum.
History is everywhere.
History is evident around every corner.
History is evident everywhere, and it blends well with the present.
History is evil because history contradicts the idea that cyberspace is an evolving organism.
History is exactly unclear.
History is examined against the back drop of modern science and logical application.
History is excellent preparation for law school.
History is exciting and effects our every day lives.
History is exclusively neither an art nor a science, but a subtle blend of the two.
History is experience, and all experience is historical.
History is experienced live and first-hand.
History is explored through researching for reports, projects and presentations.
History is extremely important in diagnosing proctitis caused by trauma.
History is extremely interesting, especially when it is made relevant.
History is fact and fiction.
History is facts about our past.
History is far more than dusty books upon a shelf, or an unending litany of dates and places.
History is far too complex and contradictory to accurately portay in film.
History is far too vast a subject, too in-depth to be trivialized to a mere month.
History is far, far from worthless.
History is fascinating.
History is fiction.
History is filled with accounts of foolish leaders and their malfeasances.
History is filled with attempts to find the truth and glimpse our potential.
History is filled with cautionary tales.
History is filled with changes in physical surroundings, changes in needs, and changes in attitudes.
History is filled with changing alliances between states.
History is filled with circumstances where somebody took advantage of somebody else.
History is filled with countless people who lectured about peace, love and sacrifice.
History is filled with examples and repetitions.
History is filled with examples of both slow and sudden changes.
History is filled with examples of failed predictions about technological innovation and progress.
History is filled with examples of the significant impact of cold on military operations.
History is filled with examples where insight emerges only after a catastrophe.
History is filled with examples where one or two congressional hearings led to promised reform.
History is filled with examples.
History is filled with failed projects.
History is filled with famous comets.
History is filled with illustrations.
History is filled with major adjustments, some sudden and some gradual.
History is filled with massacres, genocide, and wars.
History is filled with pitchers whose careers soured after one critical mistake.
History is filled with religious authorities threatened by new scientific knowledge.
History is filled with scrumptious morsels like that.
History is filled with similar examples.
History is filled with stories of oppressive governments that took away personal freedoms.
History is filled with stories of people who made their life count.
History is filled with stories of war and conflict.
History is filled with such cases that seem beyond belief.
History is filled with such examples.
History is filled with surprises.
History is filled with tales of individuals whose solitary actions made a meaningful difference.
History is filled with tales of men and women pushing into the unknown and never returning.
History is filled with the horrors produced by the worst of circumstances.
History is filled with the skeletons of defeated non-democracies.
History is filled with unforeseeable situations that call for some flexibility of action.
History is filled with vagaries.
History is filled with violence and the bible is, at least in part, a history book.
History is filled with war.
History is filled with world government plotters.
History is fine, but it is the implementation that is important.
History is first a story .
History is first and foremost the city's main attraction.
History is fluid.
History is food for the imagination, a whole world of places to explore.
History is for many simply the actions of great and charismatic men and women.
History is for the taking.
History is found at every turn.
History is full of accounts of people's travels.
History is full of accounts of the struggle between truth and falsehood.
History is full of arguments, diverging opinions, and contradicting evaluations.
History is full of bullies who eventually get their just desserts.
History is full of cases where people of diminished consciousness have made tremendous errors.
History is full of cautionary examples.
History is full of classic cases of compromise.
History is full of commemoration and an attempt at explaining the past.
History is full of ethnic oppression and ethnic massacres.
History is full of examples like that.
History is full of examples of armies using an ideological cloak to commit atrocities.
History is full of examples of citizen being wrongfully convicted.
History is full of examples of cults and sects which used only part of the bible.
History is full of examples of events that result in major changes for society.
History is full of examples of groups and individuals who have preached that the end was near.
History is full of examples of just how authoritarian theocratic governments can be.
History is full of examples of keeping the public from having access to information.
History is full of examples of nations being overrun by uninvited outsiders.
History is full of examples of nations that have fallen because of their moral decay.
History is full of examples of such debauchery such as Babylon, Rome, and Greece.
History is full of examples of the effect of the media on politics.
History is full of examples of the fears triggered by technological change.
History is full of examples of traditional waterborne outbreaks associated with recreational waters.
History is full of examples of tyrants brought down, essentially, by banks.
History is full of examples of unheeded harbingers.
History is full of examples that can be similarly turned to useful advantage.
History is full of examples where progress has only been made by people fighting to change things.
History is full of examples where the crowd was wrong.
History is full of examples whereby wars decimated much larger economies.
History is full of examples which demonstrate the aforementioned.
History is full of examples.
History is full of failed attempts.
History is full of false-starts, blind alleys, flashes in the pan and other ephemeral trends.
History is full of famous disparities.
History is full of famous people.
History is full of good stories.
History is full of grandiose promises regarding the impact of technology on schools.
History is full of highly creative Touretters.
History is full of holes.
History is full of ideas failing for years before they became successful.
History is full of illustrations.
History is full of important Jewish scientists in western countries.
History is full of ironies.
History is full of lessons for all mankind.
History is full of like failures.
History is full of martyrs.
History is full of missed paradigm shifts.
History is full of mistaken choices.
History is full of mistakes made by 'a sizeable number of people' in choosing leaders.
History is full of myths and fables that explain how things came to be.
History is full of people who gave their lives for peace.
History is full of people who had to run a number of times.
History is full of people who know everything about the future.
History is full of people who talk populism but are really in the back pocket of big business.
History is full of pious and learned men who put expediency before honesty.
History is full of politicians who have accused protesters of being anti-democratic.
History is full of questions, uncertainties, and mysteries.
History is full of rebellion for freedom.
History is full of recollections of the good and the bad.
History is full of records of food products that no longer exist or are no longer used.
History is full of revolutions.
History is full of ruse and cunning.
History is full of similar stories of the abuse of priceless natural resources.
History is full of similar stories.
History is full of specifics.
History is full of spy stories, many ironic but very few with any lasting impact on their subjects.
History is full of stories about small men with power and their secret laws.
History is full of stories and legends about flying through the air like the birds.
History is full of stories of angry people.
History is full of stories of great romances, some of which defied all logic.
History is full of such an example.
History is full of such contradictions.
History is full of such examples.
History is full of such governmental deaths.
History is full of such initiatives.
History is full of such ploys.
History is full of such stuff.
History is full of sweet irony.
History is full of tales of The Black Douglas and similar stories told to children at night.
History is full of tales of the bow.
History is full of terrible acts of violence towards human beings.
History is full of the ceremonial role alcohol has played.
History is full of the graveyards of nations that have indeed disappeared.
History is full of the words and writings of men that have proved to be in error.
History is full of travesties that result when citizens abdicate their responsibility.
History is full of true loves, even without the partridge in a pear tree.
History is full of twisted conveniences like the evil European powers squeezing their colonies dry.
History is full of unsolved mysteries waiting to be researched.
History is full of violence.
History is full of wars fought over ideological or philosophical differences.
History is fun when there is a challenge.
History is fun.
History is funny that way.
History is furious debate informed by evidence and reason.
History is good.
History is hands-on work .
History is hands-on.
History is held and pondered.
History is held dear and every community offers glimpses of the past.
History is here too, rather than under humanities.
History is here, now.
History is hinted at in the old-world spelling of the marina's name.
History is history and facts are indeed facts.
History is history and no one can change the past but accept the facts.
History is history and no one can change the past but to accept the facts.
History is history and no one can change the past.
History is history, and it happened a long time ago.
History is history, and there are reasons for everything.
History is history, remember that.
History is history, the future is perfect.
History is history.
History is holistic only in the lives of the saints.
History is illogical.
History is imagination disciplined by evidence.
History is immediately available, with unlimited sorting and filtering.
History is important - but it's also painful and messy.
History is important and it can tell a collector a great deal about an item.
History is important and the person who occupied that tiny six-sided coffin deserved our respect.
History is important for several reasons.
History is important here.
History is important to a nation like Canada.
History is important to Bosnian people as is the tempo of life.
History is important to learn styles and methods of building.
History is important to our family.
History is important, and it can be fun.
History is important.
History is improved.
History is in a sense irrelevant.
History is in fact a commodity, yet another item on the ideological shelf.
History is in our hands.
History is in perpetuum mobile .
History is in some ways a great teacher in that it counsels the bipolar patient to expect despair.
History is in the details.
History is in the eye of the beholder and alternative views are possible.
History is in the making in South Africa.
History is in the making.
History is in the Shot.
History is in truth the path to another world.
History is included on some pictures.
History is incomplete.
History is increasingly in the news.
History is indeed cyclical in nature.
History is indeed the story of human liberation.
History is indeed the witness of the times, the light of truth.
History is independent of our limited evaluations of it.
History is inevitably interpretation.
History is instructive.
History is interesting when it focuses on human beings.
History is interesting.
History is interpreted by historians and writers who are human.
History is intertwined throughout.
History is invoked, especially as heritage, to promote moral values for the present day.
History is involved with most all facets of life.
History is irrelevant.
History is irreversible.
History is judged by people.
History is just history.
History is just one way to learn to understand the process and results of science.
History is just the portrayal of crimes and misfortunes.
History is kaput.
History is kept alive in Portland with constant attention to landmark preservation.
History is kinda like that.
History is kinder to former presidents than contemporary political reporters.
History is laden with controversy.
History is largely the study of leaders.
History is latent with individuals and groups that dared to go off the page.
History is life that happened before.
History is life.
History is like a child's mind, a terrible thing to waste.
History is like a mirror reflecting the past.
History is like a mirror.
History is like a series of journeys, one coming after the other.
History is like a tangled string.
History is like an enormous pond.
History is like that, very chancy.
History is like that.
History is likely to recognize it as a great one.
History is likely to see it as a defining moment.
History is limited to sign up date forward.
History is linear, for the course of the cosmos was determined at creation.
History is linear.
History is literally full of examples.
History is littered with attempts to rationalise.
History is littered with cases of small scores posing big problems to chasing sides.
History is littered with civilizations that abused their forests and suffered.
History is littered with courageous acts and courageous people.
History is littered with dozens of wacky devices that never caught on.
History is littered with examples of trade disputes turning into war.
History is littered with examples where one vote made a significance difference.
History is littered with examples.
History is littered with failed attempts to conquer the world and subjugate the population.
History is littered with failed grand designs.
History is littered with failed prophecies and false alarms.
History is littered with famous predictions that missed their mark.
History is littered with firms that failed to innovate.
History is littered with heroes who failed.
History is littered with lost arts.
History is littered with once-powerful nations that forgot that.
History is littered with optimistic assumptions that turned out to be colossally wrong.
History is littered with people who 'make it' and then crash.
History is littered with premature obituaries for particular media technologies and services.
History is littered with references to hellebores.
History is littered with such companies.
History is littered with such justifications.
History is littered with such occurrences.
History is littered with the broken bank accounts of investors.
History is littered with the dry bones of dead denominations.
History is littered with the evil doings of men.
History is littered with the failed hopes and schemes of the successfully selfish.
History is littered with the remains of defunct 'cults of personality'.
History is littered with the remains of immoral societies that have tried.
History is littered with the tarnished careers and failed dreams of political losers.
History is littered with things that work great in mice and then never pan out.
History is littered with tragic examples.
History is little else than a picture of human crimes and misfortunes.
History is little more than the register of the crimes, follies and misfortunes of mankind.
History is lived by man and dissected by writers, turned into stories by writers.
History is located at the end of the sourcecode.
History is located in museums.
History is long.
History is lost to nostalgia.
History is lost to our deaf ears.
History is made again.
History is made at night.
History is made by idealists, so flames consume everything and blood flows in torrents.
History is made by men and women of vision and courage.
History is made by nature and by people.
History is made by people.
History is made by stupid people.
History is made by the dedicated few.
History is made by the ordinary person simply trying to survive.
History is made daily here.
History is made each day though, by teachers, leaders, and individuals working to make a difference.
History is made from stories.
History is made here daily.
History is made here everyday.
History is made out of the failures and heroism of each insignificant moment.
History is made present.
History is made through men.
History is made up of interpretations of written records.
History is made up of many stories.
History is made up of names, dates and facts.
History is made with materials provided by the past.
History is made.
History is maintained across sessions which allows for easy access of cached documents.
History is man's strongest subject and anchor.
History is many things.
History is marked by evolution and progress.
History is measured now in hours.
History is memory educated.
History is merciless.
History is merely the personality of civilization.
History is mocked and seen basically as bull.
History is more complex.
History is more interdisciplinary than many academic areas, so it is a springboard into many fields.
History is more or less bunk.
History is more than a chronological list of events.
History is more than a memorization of people, dates, places and events.
History is more than a story of people and events in the past.
History is more than an answer to the question how did the world come to be as it is.
History is more than anything else the record of choices humans have made.
History is more than facts and dates, war, battles, and political fortune.
History is more than information.
History is more than just boring facts and dates.
History is more than just dates, who won, and who lost.
History is more than just official papers of the presidents of the university.
History is more than political and military records of peoples and nations.
History is more than simply an accidental chronology of first one thing happening, and then another.
History is more than simply the study of wars and presidents.
History is more than sounds.
History is more that just war, politics, and famous people.
History is more the evolution of thought than of technology.
History is more weighty than popcorn.
History is mostly about constructing stories, ones based on fact.
History is moved by the broad forces and large structures of human collectivities.
History is movement.
History is much more complicated than that.
History is much more fun when served with a twist.
History is much more interesting than that.
History is much more messy.
History is much more than an account of ancient facts and figures.
History is much more than isolated dates and facts.
History is much more than that.
History is multi-disciplinary.
History is multidisciplinary.
History is mute.
History is narrative.
History is natural selection.
History is neither meaningless nor purposeless.
History is never a tidy series of unrelated events.
History is never complete for it is created every day.
History is never far away.
History is never innocent.
History is never over, and the spirit of the Fugitive Slave Act is still very much alive.
History is never simple, finite, without contradiction, or even perfectly knowable.
History is never static, even though it has already gone by.
History is never that neat, but it can be interesting, worth a look and a few questions.
History is never that simple, of course.
History is never that simple.
History is next door, literally.
History is no better nor worse than the men and women who make it.
History is no different from the telephone game.
History is no different.
History is no less missing here.
History is no longer a sequence of episodes but a single image.
History is no longer about learning facts but about learning by doing.
History is no longer just something that only historians can create.
History is no longer merely famous dates, presidents, and generals.
History is no more.
History is normally a sequence of events running across time.
History is nothing but fabulation.
History is nothing but the activity of men in pursuit of their ends.
History is nothing more than stories agreed upon.
History is nothing more than yesterday's news.
History is nothing new.
History is nothing whatever but a record of what living persons have done in the past.
History is nothing without our learning lessons from it.
History is nothing.
History is now banned, they say, it is subversive to know about the past.
History is now ready to roll.
History is now.
History is number two and cultural attractions are third.
History is of abundance.
History is of some importance but the present and anticipated future directions are more important.
History is offered as a major and it can also be utilized in secondary teaching.
History is often more subtle and less polished.
History is often the study of the leaders, the politicians, the generals, the powers that be.
History is on no one's side.
History is on our side.
History is on Tennessee's side.
History is on the back of the package.
History is on the making.
History is on the move again.
History is on the side of a solid engineering approach.
History is on the side of democratic values and freedom.
History is on the side of freedom and democracy.
History is on the side of one of the four second-round leaders.
History is on the side of privacy legislation.
History is on the side of the latter.
History is on the side of the value investor.
History is on the side of the winner.
History is on their side, sort of.
History is on their side.
History is once again partly responsible.
History is once again the problem.
History is one branch of the social sciences.
History is one factor, to be sure.
History is one of many fields of knowledge.
History is one of several disciplines that encourage critical thinking.
History is one of several fields especially suitable as pre-law education.
History is one of the broadest of all fields.
History is one of the haredest subjects to study because of the limited evidence.
History is one of the leading majors among students who go on to law school.
History is one of the most important aspects of any profession.
History is one of the most intriguing subjects in the world.
History is one of Virginia's strongest selling points.
History is only a confused heap of facts.
History is only as good as the materials used to build it . . .
History is only one of the ways.
History is only the background to the action.
History is our best point of reference.
History is our best prophet.
History is our civic glue.
History is our collective memory and record of the past.
History is our consideration of the past.
History is our context for the present.
History is our dance.
History is our dialogue with the past.
History is our game.
History is our greatest teacher.
History is our launching pad, the stars our destination.
History is our nourishment.
History is our rear view mirror of life.
History is our starting point.
History is our story.
History is packed with tension over judicial powers.
History is particularly difficult to cope with given rapid changes in health care.
History is past politics and politics present history.
History is past politics, and politics is present history.
History is pasts.
History is patterns of the past.
History is people.
History is people's memory and without a memory, man is demoted to the level of lower animals.
History is peppered with writings expousing Anti-Jewish sentiments.
History is perhaps the most important aspect of any map.
History IS personal.
History is philosophy learned from examples.
History is philosophy teaching by example.
History is philosophy teaching by examples.
History is pitiless and unforgiving.
History is platform specific.
History is political.
History is popularised returned to the reader in an immensely enjoyable and palatable form.
History is portrayed through the architecture and furnishings, fashioned by the finest craftsmen.
History is positive for two bouts of sepsis and an inguinal hernia.
History is power. . .
History is power.
History is present in each step, ruins from the remote prehistoric era, ancient Greece.
History is present in the Balkans with extraordinary immediacy.
History is presented in many forms.
History is presented in sequence from the beginning of time to the present.
History is presented logically and orderly.
History is presented to the children through art and an intelligent music programme.
History is pretty clear on that point.
History is pretty near the top.
History is primarily the study and interpretation of written evidence from the past.
History is probably the most expensive research area, as archival studies remain fundamental to it.
History is proof of that.
History is proof that such claims are inherently incorrect.
History is prudent and waits quietly to be discovered.
History is psychology, it is philosophy, it is therapy.
History is punctuated with famous people who had epilepsy.
History is purposeful and headed toward a predesigned end.
History is pushed by class conflict and contradictions at each stage.
History is put into perspective with a time line and list of events.
History is quite vague on the details.
History is real life.
History is real.
History is really at the core of the Sunrise County Region.
History is really no more interesting than the people who have made it.
History is really the study of human beings interacting in specific contexts.
History is recalled via wonderful Roman monuments and fruitful vineyards.
History is recorded within the data files.
History is records.
History is reinvented.
History is replete with abominable cases of brutality, rape and murder.
History is replete with brutal, bloody examples.
History is replete with civilizations that sank into the mire because of excessive obedience.
History is replete with conflicts that spread from incidents in unlikely places.
History is replete with countless examples of small acts that changed the world.
History is replete with dictators who relied on fear only to be buried by it.
History is replete with efforts to stand in the way of economic progress.
History is replete with examples of ambitious projects that failed.
History is replete with examples of compromises which bring terror and destroy dreams.
History is replete with examples of cultures that rose to world dominance.
History is replete with examples of futurists who got it wrong.
History is replete with examples of guardians of moral rectitude and their efforts.
History is replete with examples of inventions buried in scientific studies focused on other issues.
History is replete with examples of people reaching for a state of awakedness.
History is replete with examples of people who have learned to live in peace and harmony.
History is replete with examples of small units accomplishing incredible tasks.
History is replete with examples of such balkanization in other countries leading to violence.
History is replete with examples of such miscalculations.
History is replete with examples of such strategic deceptions and double crosses.
History is replete with examples of technology available both ways.
History is replete with examples of the strategic success of ''divide and conquer''.
History is replete with examples of the usurpation of democracy.
History is replete with examples of the ways music has been vitally employed in various cultures.
History is replete with examples of traitors.
History is replete with examples of victors undermining their own successes because of arrogance.
History is replete with examples of what real people do.
History is replete with examples where a life lost has been transformed into a victory won.
History is replete with examples.
History is replete with fakes and forgeries.
History is replete with holocausts, communal and personal.
History is replete with innovations that allow food to be stored for long periods without spoiling.
History is replete with intelligent, gifted, wealthy failures.
History is replete with irony.
History is replete with madmen.
History is replete with man's use of centralized government.
History is replete with new technologies rendering existing business models obsolete.
History is replete with people who got respected in the short term for reasons other than merit.
History is replete with priestly castes usurping and holding power by moral means.
History is replete with statesmanship.
History is replete with stories about the rise and fall of empires.
History is replete with stories of how unintended consequences have caused great problems later on.
History is replete with stories of success without any hard work and the necessary ingredients.
History is replete with stories of the politically impossible becoming the status quo.
History is replete with subtlety and nuance.
History is replete with such examples.
History is replete with such initiatives taken by great men.
History is replete with that fact.
History is replete with the accomplishments of outstanding women.
History is replete with the failures of such attempts.
History is replete with the names of physicians who distinguished themselves by their services.
History is replete with the person getting the job because of persistence.
History is replete with time periods when people did whatever they personally thought was right.
History is replete with tyrants who lived and died unpunished for their evil deeds.
History is replete with unethical laws.
History is replete with unexpected crashes in stock and real estate markets.
History is replete with what seemed at the time like bad decisions.
History is replete with, assassinations, genocides, murder, and other acts of violence.
History is represented in the various files clarifying the thoughts and writings of our forefathers.
History is respected, reviews, interviews and news deal with topical events.
History is responsible for many other forms of oppression as well.
History is retro-causal probabilities in paradigmatic sequences.
History is revised.
History is rewritten to a world totally ruled by the corporation.
History is rewritten to accommodate the trend of the moment.
History is rewritten to reflect the needs of each era.
History is rewritten.
History is rich in all of New York.
History is rich in ironies and the history of science is richer than most.
History is rich with mythology, legend, and folklore.
History is rich with references to the practice of irrigation from wells, tanks and canals.
History is riddled with empty promises and failed predictions.
History is riddled with examples of political misadventures with science.
History is riddled with successful products that no one knew they needed at the time.
History is riddled with the monumental blunders of the big money crowd.
History is rife with anecdotes of the undesirability of the vice presidency.
History is rife with concepts sitting on the shelf for long periods before implementation.
History is rife with disdained sibling rivals.
History is rife with examples of close-call elections, and two local races spring to mind easily.
History is rife with examples of pediatric prescribing nightmares.
History is rife with examples.
History is rife with kings, queens, explorers and inventors.
History is rife with such hoaxes.
History is rife with the false promises and white lies of SNK press releases.
History is romantic.
History is rooted in fact.
History is ruled by two powers, represented by the prototypes of the wicked and the righteous.
History is said to repeat itself, first as tragedy then as farce.
History is scant about the station.
History is scientific.
History is seems is always inerpreted by the victors.
History is seen as a performative way to construct identity.
History is seen as a struggle between good and evil, and good is losing.
History is seen as both a science and as an art.
History is seen by the believer as personal and internalized.
History is sensitive to initial conditions.
History is shared such as the fight for the American Disabilities Act.
History is shown as a horizontal line, leading up to now.
History is significant for chronic alcohol use .
History is significant for cirrhosis and alcoholism.
History is silent on the subject.
History is simplified.
History is simply humanity.
History is so alive and growing that it is hard to see how anyone can think of it as dead and dry.
History is so cool, even when it's replicated bogus history.
History is so established in our minds, it is hard to talk about it freely.
History is so fascinating.
History is so important and it is also enjoyable.
History is so important in our lives.
History is so important.
History is so replete with cataclysms deserving attention and scrutiny.
History is so very important.
History is something more than the story of leaders, wars, economics, and power.
History is splendid preparation for students who seek graduate study and careers in journalism.
History is spoken in poetry, short story, prose, children's stories and fiction.
History is still in the making-our efforts are in the line of improvement.
History is still their heaviest baggage, but German troops are walking a bit taller.
History is stored when the program is terminated and restored when it is started later.
History is stories of people and events that shape their lives.
History is stories.
History is strange like that.
History is stranger than fiction.
History is strewn with numerous examples of situations where a contrary opinion was profitable.
History is strewn with projections of technology that have fallen wide of the mark.
History is studied by a meticulous process of data gathering.
History is studied for many reasons.
History is study of the past so that one can learn about their position in the present.
History is subjective and readily altered to suit conquerors.
History is subjective, and both filmmakers and historians bring points of view.
History is substantiated by transcendent experience as well as by logical explanation.
History is such a difficult subject.
History is such a great teacher.
History is sucked out like so much pub smoke.
History is sued to reveal the origin and genesis of the trends shaping the present.
History is supposed to be about truth.
History is supposed to be resilient.
History is supposed to have accelerated since then.
History is taught chronologically.
History is taught to the student in chronological order.
History is that branch of knowledge, which records and explains past events.
History is the always incomplete and problematic reconstruction of what is no longer there.
History is the answer to the first one.
History is the attempt to understand why something happened.
History is the base of culture.
History is the basis for understanding contemporary world affairs.
History is the basis of all knowledge and is the foundation of all areas of inquiry.
History is the best answer for that.
History is the best predictor of future performance.
History is the best teacher to assess the worthiness of new ideas or products.
History is the collective experience of mankind.
History is the collective lesson of a people's triumphs and troubles.
History is the collective memory of a people.
History is the collective story of a people from beginning to end.
History is the combined product of past events and the discovery and description of past events.
History is the common language of the two cultures.
History is the continuation of the conflict.
History is the continuous reinterpretation of the past.
History is the devil's scripture.
History is the dialectic between the past and the future.
History is the discipline of critical inquiry into the human past .
History is the discovery and interpretation of the human past.
History is the documentation of change.
History is the earthly realm out of which individuals are moved into the heavenly realm.
History is the essence of innumerable biographies.
History is the essential foundation of knowledge.
History is the European weapon of choice.
History is the experience which explains reality.
History is the final judge.
History is the foundation for life and culture.
History is the foundation for sound judgement.
History is the foundation for sound judgment.
History is the foundation on which our current musical styles are built.
History is the ground of our being, and together with imagination, that is what makes writing.
History is the hard drive and memory of human civilization.
History is the history of our civilization.
History is the history of separating good from evil.
History is the history of winners.
History is the ideal preparation for life for it is the objective study of man in society.
History is the interpretation of facts through logic and imagination.
History is the ironic evidence.
History is the laboratory notebook recording man's philosophical experiments.
History is the last challenger still standing.
History is the last one standing.
History is the last thing that is on the agenda.
History is the lie commonly agreed upon.
History is the link that humankind suffers between reality and realization.
History is the main reason for Austria's remaining out.
History is the meaningful account of a series of connected events.
History is the means for laying claims on foreign lands.
History is the memory of living yesterdays and the promise of predictable tomorrows.
History is the memory of men's lives and an accounting for the rise and fall of culture.
History is the modification of man by nature and of nature by man.
History is the most dangerous academic discipline in the Western world today.
History is the most dangerous product developed by the chemistry of the intellect.
History is the most dangerous product evolved from the chemistry of the intellect.
History is the most universal of the humanities.
History is the mother of political science.
History is the narrative of human affairs.
History is the national memory.
History is the ongoing chronicle of the human experience.
History is the only judge left.
History is the only memory that maintains objectivity.
History is the organisation of memory.
History is the past.
History is the path from the past to the future.
History is the precursor of the present and the future.
History is the present.
History is the preserved memory of humankind's past experiences.
History is the public memory of society and as such an essential facet of life in society.
History is the receipt for that purchase.
History is the record of all human experience.
History is the record of an encounter between character and circumstance.
History is the record of change at the societal scale, and it records no era without change.
History is the record of individual accomplishment.
History is the record of the human past.
History is the recording of that substance for all time and a reflection of how it has evolved.
History is the result of human emotion, conflict, and interest.
History is the right word, thank goodness.
History is the root of human political existence.
History is the root of the conflict.
History is the saga of mankind s march through time from beginning to end.
History is the same.
History is the science of what never happens twice.
History is the search for an interpretation of the past.
History is the search for truth.
History is the shingle weaving machine.
History is the ship carrying living memories to the future.
History is the shock wave of eschatology.
History is the shock wave of the eschalon.
History is the shock wave of the eschaton .
History is the shock wave of the eschaton.
History is the shockwave of eschatology.
History is the soil in which the seed of a people's life takes root.
History is the story of humankind and the traces people left as a result of their existence.
History is the story of mankind's march through that time.
History is the story of man's struggle for liberty.
History is the story of murder, betrayal, love, greed, tenderness, and lofty goals for humanity.
History is the story of people and events, and it is the record of times past.
History is the story of the effect of great men and women.
History is the study and interpretation of the past.
History is the study and interpretation of the recorded past.
History is the study of all human behavior at different times and in different places.
History is the study of all human experience.
History is the study of everything that men and women have ever done.
History is the study of evidence of past ideas, objects, and actions.
History is the study of forces of change and forces of stability in the world, over time.
History is the study of human change over time.
History is the study of major social, political, cultural and economic events of the past.
History is the study of mankind's misfortunes.
History is the study of man's recorded past.
History is the study of our past as civilized people.
History is the study of past events.
History is the study of past human actions based on evidence, and humans are forever interesting.
History is the study of peoples, cultures and values.
History is the study of the activity of mankind in the past.
History is the study of the human past.
History is the study of the human record of the human past.
History is the study of the past by examining the lives of people, events, or other phenomena.
History is the study of the past of human society.
History is the study of villains and heroes, of triumph and tragedy, of good and evil.
History is the subject that encompasses all human society in all times and places.
History is the subject that teaches our past, the basis of our present knowledge.
History is the telling of the stories of real people.
History is the theatre, the world is the stage, and church members in every land are the actors.
History is the theatre, the world is the stage, and the church members in every land are the actors.
History is the third approach.
History is the timeline of progress.
History is the toughest measuring stick to grow up against.
History is the truth of the past.
History is the tutor of memory.
History is the ultimate judge and the ultimate teacher.
History is the understanding of why events have happened.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
History is the versions of winning sides.
History is the victim of nationalism.
History is the vital magistrate that passes the verdict.
History is the way it was.
History is the whipping boy of popular culture.
History is the witness of the times, the light of truth, the life of memory, the mistress of life.
History is the witness of truth.
History is the working out of that victory.
History is the written record of past events.
History is their story, the story all schoolchildren are told.
History is there to meet during the visits of the old Montreal and old Quebec.
History is therefore an excellent background for most occupations and most graduate programs.
History is therefore open to interpretation.
History is thus a vast repository of navigational cues.
History is thus crucial in defining directions for the future.
History is thus valuable for all students as a general education discipline.
History is timeless in a way.
History is to be read about.
History is to be repeated.
History is to be understood in terms of the example of Israel.
History is to have a rerun.
History is to repeat itself.
History is to revelation as subject is to predicate rather than vice-versa.
History is to society as memory is to the individual.
History is to the nation rather as memory is to the individual.
History is told orally at first, and then eventually it is written down.
History is too important a political factor to be left to local nationalist intellectuals.
History is too important to be written any other way.
History is too important to leave to historians.
History is too messy for real predictions to emerge from conflicting and incomplete evidence.
History is too much neglected in Ireland.
History is too serious to be left to historians.
History is too short.
History is traced from our country's settlement to modern times.
History is treated with respect - the story fits comfortably in place and time.
History is ultimately a life story.
History is unclear in the matter.
History is unclear.
History is under attack from many quarters for many reasons.
History is unique and events are contingent on what has occurred previously.
History is unpredictable.
History is un-restrainable.
History is up for grabs to the highest bidder.
History is updated with a slower pace when important events occur.
History is updated.
History is used as a basis for many modern actions.
History is used in every aspect of life.
History is used so one can learn about the past and what one can do in the future.
History is used to make the diagnosis.
History is used to suit our own needs.
History is vendetta.
History is very critically important because it situates people in time.
History is very difficult.
History is very easy to manipulate in that sense.
History is very hazy on the exact year of the founding of Rome.
History is very important in everybody's lives.
History is very important in Mexico.
History is very important to base our facts.
History is very kind.
History is very much alive here.
History is very much alive in The Municipality of Port Hope.
History is very much alive.
History is very noticeable in Virginia .
History is very practical and important.
History is very slow.
History is viewed as a series of unrelated circumstances.
History is welcomed in further and higher education.
History is well represented.
History is well seasoned with incomprehensably destructive social policies.
History is what happened to everybody else.
History is what it was.
History is what makes a place come alive.
History is what makes our Valley heritage unlike any other.
History is what occurred afterward.
History is what's happening today.
History is what's happening.
History is what's important.
History is wholly capricious.
History is witness that all the communities lived happily under fair and just Muslim rulers.
History is witness to national wars, or wars fought by military alliances.
History is witness to the fact that ambitions, interests and, sometimes, ideologies clash.
History is witness to the fact that every war ended up in revolution.
History is wonderful .
History is wonderful stories. . . .
History is written about people.
History is written and edited by the winners.
History is written by fanatics and the power-crazed.
History is written by people 'inside the box'.
History is written by the literate and the wealthy.
History is written by the survivors.
History is written by the victors, and the victorious are by definition effective leaders.
History is written by the victors, but are the ghosts of native warriors staging a counter attack.
History is written by the victors, the ones who carry out the genocide, the leaders of the conquest.
History is written by the victors.
History is written by the winners in any contest.
History is written by the winners, and the losers get eaten.
History is written by the winners, as they say.
History is written by the winners.
History is written by the winning ideas, say the idea warriors.
History is written by the world itself, there is no predefined script.
History is written by tradition.
History is written through art in a very gendered way.
History is, above all, the story of change.
History is, after all, the drama of life itself.
History is, afterall, a long thread of short stories about people, places and things.
History is, finally, a strange and unpredictable thing.
History is, however, a catalogue of disasters following wishful thinking.
History is, in effect, a patriotic maayaa.
History is, in effect, a patriotic maya.
History is, in some ways, in conflict with news, which tries to see new things.
History is, indeed, a reliable precursor of the future.
History is, indeed, repeating itself.
History is, it seems, thirsty work.
History is, ultimately, about where humanity is going.
History isa entity.
History james c.
History judges governors, in part, on the laws they inspire.
History judges political issues of their time.
History just keeps turning around.
History justifies claims that the idea of animal rights reflects our distancing from nature.
History Keeps a record of searches.
History keeps on changing direction but never goes backwards.
History keeps repeating itself. . . .
History keeps repeating itself.
History keeps rolling along.
History keeps track of all component activity.
History kiosks throughout area on logging, trapping, commercial fishing, tourism, etc.
History knows at least three such critical changes.
History knows better.
History knows many examples of language mixture or assimilation of one language by another.
History knows no Meskhetian nationality.
History knows no more moving example of persistence against the cruelest odds.
History knows no scruples and no hesitation.
History knows of one such empire.
History knows of other heretical popes.
History knows the transforming impact of men and women of conscience.
History knows the true victims and heroes.
History lacks mass media protection.
History leads to socialism.
History Learn about ancient economies, the history of money, and other areas of economic history.
History Learn about Iranian History, from ancient Persian history to the Iran Contra Affair.
History Learn about our first hundred years.
History Learn about our humble beginnings.
History Learn about the rich Indian heritage right from the Dravidian Era to the partition.
History Learn how to make reservations for upcoming events.
History Learn more about how our firm evolved.
History Learn more about our company background.
History Learn more about our company s rich history or a specific firearm.
History Learn more about our company.
History Learn more about our history in Alaska.
History Learn more about the foundations of Latin America's most beautiful and peaceful country.
History Learn more about the foundations of Latin America's most peaceful country.
History Learn more about the history and mission of our company.
History leaves footprints in many different ways, but few seem as immediate as historical trails.
History leaves only enough facts to breed constant debates and theories among interested historians.
History leaves room for doubt.
History leaves Texas with a legacy of economic resilience and transformation.
History lends itself to museum and library work.
History Let the past come alive with our rich collection of books on U.S. and world history.
History Let's go back to history.
History lies in the full range of the human experience, from the trivial to the grandiose.
History lies in unlikely places.
History likely reveals multiple casualties with respiratory complaints.
History list no longer 'expands' out of control.
History list thousands of brave women who died for their convictions.
History Listed below are electronic journals in the field of History selected by library staff.
History Listings at Galaxy.
History Listings for educational and informational sites relating to the history of radio.
History Lists the searches performed in the current session.
History lists the sites already visited.
History lives in a tenth century Norman church, still an active parish.
History lives in the old school, attached like a part of the soul to the new sanctuary.
History lives in the realm of the imagination as much as dreams.
History lives on the Web at TheHistoryNet .
History lives on.
History lives vividly in the Middle East.
History Located in the horn of Africa, Ethiopia is the tenth largest country in Africa.
History log of all transactions, to help in subscriber disputes.
History Look at a middle class house trapped in a time warp.
History Look into energy inventions.
History Look no further.
History looks at how humanity s way of living and doing things has changed over the centuries.
History looks different at the museum than in a textbook.
History looks different when the contributions of women are included.
History looks different when women's accomplishments are included.
History looks for patterns in the past to explain what the world's peoples are doing today.
History looks less dead today, however, and teleology is making a comeback.
History loses all tel eological significance and becomes an irrational and endless progression.
History loves to throw curve balls.
History majors only.
History majors with consent.
History Mak a r is an exciting new way to take the patients' medical history.
History make it clear that groups struggling for dominance are dangerous to all.
History makes a great gift, especially when it is so unexpected.
History makes clear what's at stake.
History makes Europe come alive.
History makes most people yawn.
History makes much more sense when the entire picture is examined.
History makes no excuses or exceptions for the ignorant.
History makes no more mention of the disease in England.
History makes no promises to keep the good times going in the absence of our own wise choices.
History makes that very, very clear.
History makes the circle.
History makes the kings and the messiahs.
History makes the most unlikely heroes.
History mandates that it be implemented with incisiveness and dispatch.
History marches on.
History matching obviously has no benefit whatever if there is no history.
History matters in the Balkans.
History means having a grand old time with new stories.
History means many things to different people.
History means nothing.
History means Providence.
History means the people of yesterday, today, and tomorrow.
History merely happens, just as the floating feather fatefully begins and ends the film.
History merely repeats itself.
History molds much of the diversity.
History moves forward by the dynamic interaction between the two relationships already mentioned.
History moves in circles, so do the planets.
History moves in curious ways.
History moves in quirkily agonizing twists and turns.
History moves in strange ways.
History moves in zig-zags.
History moves on, but art never forgets. . . . . .
History moves on, but identity-shaping paradigms remain strong and steady through the centuries.
History moves on, time can clarify.
History moves on.
History moves only forward, and human beings live in history.
History necessarily excludes a lot.
History needs rewriting.
History needs such models of decency.
History needs to be a bit more exacting than the following pages have been.
History needs to be acknowledged and put to rest.
History needs to be interpreted by theoretical insight gained previously from other sources.
History needs to be portrayed and communicated.
History needs to be problematized.
History needs to be read for pleasure again.
History needs to be taught as a debate.
History needs to be understood in a holistic, all-encompassing, way.
History never ends.
History never gives a second serving.
History never lapses into a simple-minded tale of ever onward and upward here.
History never repeats itself despite people who say it does.
History never repeats itself exactly.
History never repeats itself the same way twice.
History never repeats itself, but it does kind of rhyme.
History never repeats itself, though historians of ten do.
History never repeats itself.
History never repeats.
History never stops repeating itself, it seems.
History Notes Short items of historical trivia.
History notes that social and technological progress was unprecedented during that time.
History now becomes the knowledge of the infinite world of facts, an infinite whole of thought.
History now bridges .
History now focuses on that result.
History now has three subject abbreviations.
History now seems to have repeated itself.
History Obtain a detailed history.
History obviously plays a large part of the experience, as does geography.
History occludes the very material that promises to give imagination a break.
History occupies a focal point in the humanities and social sciences.
History offers a cautionary tale in that regard.
History offers a few events for review.
History offers a rich tapestry of characters and experiences on which to draw.
History offers a storehouse of information about how peoples and societies behave.
History offers a useful perspective.
History offers alternatives to missile defence.
History offers an explanation.
History offers an intriguing clue.
History offers an intriguing example that echoes their statistics-laden research.
History offers an ordered account of past experiences and their significance in our present lives.
History offers an unambiguous positive correlation between globalization and convergence.
History offers another more ominous lesson for the monarchists.
History offers broad insights into the pathway to success.
History offers but a few opportunities to an individual or a nation, to reach up to the stars.
History offers cautionary lessons to elected leaders considering which path to take.
History offers clear examples of both choices.
History offers few examples of peaceful disintegration of states or empires.
History offers guidance.
History offers innumerable heroes and villains.
History offers little comfort.
History offers little counsel for the current predicament.
History offers more than a few examples of irrational exuberance followed by irrational pessimism.
History offers no parallel to the church.
History offers no parallel to the unselfish and uplifting work of the called out church.
History offers only limited guidance.
History offers rich examples and stern warnings.
History offers sequences primarily in European and American history.
History offers several lessons, and most modern examples involve businesses.
History offers sobering testimony to the high price such anti-rational dogmatism exacts.
History offers sobering testimony to the high price such anti-rational dogmatism.
History offers some alarming clues.
History offers some consolation to D.C. United.
History offers the fact that just about everything has been tried before in one way or another.
History offers three prized skills that makes a History major particularly attractive.
History only lists the searches done in the current database.
History opens up many career paths and occupations.
History own aside many side finally add gas fireplace online sale.
History pages for kids . .
History Pantsuits from Britain, ca.
History partly explains the disparities.
History permeates the villages and towns.
History pervades all aspects of daily life.
History plays a huge role in setting guarantees.
History plays a large cultural role here.
History plays a large part in our way of life.
History plays a leading role in the appeal of a bed and breakfast.
History plays a major role and New Hampshire resorts are proud of their skiing legacy.
History plays a major role in modern society, and is especially visible in Latvia.
History plays an important part in all our lives.
History plays an important part in progression.
History plays an interesting role in shaping the type, level and perspective of consumption.
History plays and tragedies.
History plays funny tricks.
History points in a different direction.
History points to a few answers.
History points to no greater achievement.
History presents a timeline, presidential history, and events.
History presents far more writings of the latter sort than the former.
History presents interesting precedents when it comes to defining new narratives.
History presents no example of greater wretchedness than that of the German bourgeoisie.
History Presents research and historical information in the development of air and space power.
History proceeds by zigs and zags, never in a straight line of upward progress.
History progresses one day at a time.
History progresses through a number of epochs, each epoch having a particular economic arrangement.
History progresses, it doesn t just start over with no regard to what came before it.
History propagates early sources as beginnings.
History proves good times camouflage poor performance.
History proves it is one way to fight outnumbered and win.
History proves it leads to doctrines of devils.
History proves it out.
History proves it.
History proves nothing.
History proves otherwise.
History proves that abundant duck habitat depends on federal measures to protect wetlands.
History proves that all theocratic civilizations fail.
History proves that bear markets happen.
History proves that capital gains tax reduction is the right course to take.
History proves that cultures are slow to change.
History proves that faith remains while ideology fades and dies.
History proves that major change can happen by stages.
History proves that national power comes from technological power.
History proves that Persia has always been a crossroads between the East and the West.
History proves that saving incentives work best if the rules are simple and consistent .
History proves that saving incentives work best if the rules are simple and consistent.
History proves that scientific paradigms change with the seasons.
History proves that statement.
History proves that tax cuts are an effective antidote to economic slowdowns.
History proves that the freer a people become, the more their creative energies are unleashed.
History proves that they have done the opposite.
History proves that.
History proves the connection of godly living to good government and a happy people.
History proves the cross, as do the Scriptures if they are studied carefully.
History proves the result of a godless education.
History proves, for some reason, it's rarelysuccessful.
History proves, however, that the interests of parents are often marginalized.
History provides a base from which to operate.
History provides a basis for the present and direction for the future.
History provides a brief description of the history of the town.
History provides a brief history of the railroads our organization takes a special interest in.
History provides a complete list of funds granted.
History provides a good academic background for library science.
History provides a guide for that, too.
History provides a laboratory and data.
History provides a mixed message.
History provides a partial explanation.
History provides a reason to be optimistic about their response.
History provides a springboard to a number of career options.
History provides a unique bridge between the two.
History provides a valuable base for many careers because of the skills and knowledge taught.
History provides a vast wealth of major artifacts for a period study.
History provides a well spirit from which the soul as well as the garden draws.
History provides ample evidence of impaired civil rights of groups thus characterized.
History provides an answer.
History provides an example for weighing both.
History provides an ineffective context for understanding the interview.
History provides an orderly plan with a place for every discipline and every branch of knowledge.
History provides another lesson.
History provides background for racial, ethnic, religious, and gender issues.
History provides both framework and illumination for the humanities.
History provides connections and contexts.
History provides continuous examples for the good and bad consequences of acts.
History provides enough examples of that.
History provides few examples.
History provides further incentive.
History provides guidance on disaster policy.
History provides history related resources, divided by historical period, as well as by topic .
History provides identity.
History provides insights into the human experience.
History provides investors with good reason to pay attention to academia.
History provides little guidance.
History provides many examples of one side temporarily appeasing the other side.
History provides many examples of paradigm shifts.
History provides many examples of situations when outsiders' help created additional misery.
History provides many examples of such changes.
History provides many examples of such distortions, both well-intentioned and cynical.
History provides many examples of the combat potential of mounted forces on urban terrain.
History provides many examples of tragic errors shared by a preponderance of experts.
History provides many powerful lessons of the often painfully slow process of social change.
History provides no tidy, scientific laws to understand the changes in citizenship.
History provides one way.
History provides our best source of information about how people and societies behave.
History provides proud examples for the socialist journalist of today.
History provides scant comfort.
History provides some useful insights.
History provides the answer with the rise of Stalin.
History provides the backdrop for several novels.
History provides the context upon which one can build an opinion about a place.
History provides the empirical evidence for the return on investment in education and research.
History provides the lesson.
History provides the most useful information about etiology of constipation.
History provides the most useful information about the etiology of constipation.
History provides the only laboratory of human experience actually lived.
History provides the solution.
History provides useful models.
History provides yet another way to understand how science works.
History pushes individuals forward to meet human needs.
History puts a future problem in perspective.
History reaches a wider audience when aspects of society and culture are included.
History Read about how the alliance was started, and it's past.
History Read about the history of our parish.
History Read and take witness the world's most extravagant culture.
History read backwards.
History really does repeat itself.
History really happens in two places.
History recalls their havoc wreaked in many coastal towns.
History recalls unsuccessful attempts to restore unity.
History receive out a exercise likewise mean online casino check.
History recognizes ancient Egypt as the birthplace of chemistry.
History records a terrible storm of crashing thunder, rain and flashing lightning.
History records countless instances of individuals with no higher ideals than to please themselves.
History records few such systematic exterminations.
History records great events and small.
History records incidents in other cultures as well where the same is true.
History records instances where human inbreeding was an accepted way of life.
History records mad monarchs who brought their country to a state of ruin.
History records many examples of helpful mentoring relationships.
History records many moving examples of their piety, such as the following.
History records many revivals when multitudes returned to the old paths.
History records moments of significant change.
History records no battle so lopsided in odds or startling in conclusion.
History records no parallel.
History records none who ever tried it.
History records numerous examples of the betrayal of flags of truce.
History records some events in which all three characteristics appear to have afflicted societies.
History records tales of other white men using the pass decades earlier.
History records teams competing in pigeon shooting, yacht racing, sculling, and boat racing.
History records that a federal distillery was located near here.
History records that all Messiahs are self-proclaimed.
History records that clearer heads prevailed in Monterey.
History records that it was a very quiet and very informal observance of the nation's birthday.
History records that revival always occurs in areas where it is promoted.
History records that the gifts did cease.
History records that the miners lost their struggle.
History records that the perfumers seemed to have an immunity against the plague.
History records that the relationship has often been far from warm.
History records that the task was yet unfinished at that time.
History records that they did just that.
History records that Yemen had witnessed one of the greatest of the ancient civilizations.
History records the earliest fermented fruit as date wine, but mead probably came first, then beer.
History records the event and commerce laments their fall.
History records the events and when compared to the events recorded in Nahum they go hand in hand.
History records the events in the development of something.
History records the example in the Greek conquest of Tory.
History records the exploits of the heroes as well as the tirades of the emperors.
History records the facts.
History records the latter.
History records the scene.
History records the use of kites in battle by armies in ancient China.
History records their awe-inspiring beauty as well as the power of their destructive forces.
History records their lives, one by one, with great greed and envy.
History records their usage in Asia, ancient Egypt and Greece.
History records threads of human events that are reminiscent of the renaissance.
History records two explained entrances into the state.
History records what happens when a nation's people make excuses to justify the declining values.
History records when and how the gift was supposedly revived.
History recounts that opium was brought to the American frontier by Chinese railroad laborers.
History reflects that in many instances.
History reflects the responsible use of alcohol by millions.
History reflects the time in which it is written.
History regarding the beginning of the tarot card is sketchy.
History Relate a history of tile setting.
History relates several types of perpetual motion machines.
History Relive great moments in the orchestra's history including commissions and premieres .
History remains a good foundation for a profession that relies heavily on precedent.
History remains at the core of our school social studies curriculum.
History remains important in Whittier Mill.
History Remains of a roman settlement testify the age-long human presence in the area.
History remembers civilizations by their arts.
History remembers courage.
History remembers every piece of Arab land, because it is the bosom of human civilization.
History remembers only the clobberings that followed.
History remembers things through shaded glasses.
History remind Content within few illness to one brother.
History repeats .
History repeats and is never the same.
History repeats and repeats and repeats.
History repeats but with different angles.
History repeats itself . . .
History Repeats Itself .
History repeats itself again, and it is getting boring to watch.
History repeats itself again.
History repeats itself all the time .
History repeats itself and power corrupts.
History repeats itself and writers of history find frequent parallels.
History repeats itself as the drug black market comes to maturity.
History repeats itself because it travels in Hegalian circles, spiraling off into Cartesian space.
History repeats itself because nobody listens.
History repeats itself because people go back to their ways and never learn.
History repeats itself endlessly.
History repeats itself in an intriguing way.
History repeats itself in ever more farcical form.
History repeats itself in our business.
History repeats itself in rhythms.
History repeats itself in the online travel industry.
History repeats itself in the realization that one usually gets what is paid for.
History repeats itself over and over.
History repeats itself so nice.
History repeats itself today to the smallest detail.
History repeats itself until some action demonstrates the repetition as detrimental.
History repeats itself when such lessons go unheeded.
History repeats itself with seeming inevitability.
History repeats itself, albeit somewhat flawed.
History repeats itself, and the stupidities of our unraveling culture do, too.
History repeats itself, and witch hunts still excist today.
History repeats itself, as the saying goes, first as tragedy and then as farce.
History repeats itself, as war seems imminent between the Powhatan and the Virginia colonists.
History repeats itself, but each time the price goes up.
History repeats itself, but in different ways.
History repeats itself, first as a tragedy, then as a farce.
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
History repeats itself, first time as a tragedy and second time as illiteracy.
History repeats itself, however, in dramatic fashion.
History repeats itself, in golf as in life.
History repeats itself, in the victories as well.
History repeats itself, it seems.
History repeats itself, many times over.
History repeats itself, often for the worse.
History repeats itself, over and over and over.
History repeats itself, so storytellers see their future embedded in tales of the past.
History repeats itself, the first time as tragedy, the second time as worse tragedy.
History repeats itself.
History Repeats itself.
History Repeats Itself.
History repeats somehow.
History repeats the fact that path to success is studded with challenges.
History reports about many quarrels, fights and wars.
History reports or presentations related to broad yearly theme.
History reports simply the fact that acupuncture was used successfully.
History reports that Incan warriors used maca before battle to increase strength and endurance.
History requires a large amount of memorization.
History requires a large amount of reading and thinking about class materials.
History requires a sense of time and change.
History requires it.
History requires representation, mediation, in narrative, a story-form encoded as historical.
History requires that members be given the opportunity to vote on meaningful censure.
History requires the ability to remember.
History Retains a listing of all searches done during the current session.
History retells facts.
History reveals a different truth.
History reveals disgruntled leaders, dissenters and false teachers.
History reveals how the enterprising youth rose in the boys company.
History reveals itself in the eyes of our people, lost in the maelstrom of a skidrow.
History reveals just how much of a role the stars have played in entire cultures and theologies.
History reveals much about the pathway into the future.
History reveals that a debt money system eventually destroys the civilization that it controls.
History reveals that Ancient Egypt civilization used grains as their main food supply.
History reveals that at the crossing of major datelines collective change becomes possible.
History reveals that bird was recently purchased as a pet for a single professional woman.
History reveals that demilitarized territory is eventually remilitarized.
History reveals that for food production, warming is better than cooling.
History reveals that good scientific theory is as dependent upon criticism as it is upon creativity.
History reveals that human beings possess an extraordinary drive to explore and settle new lands.
History reveals that hypnosis has always existed.
History reveals that in times of hardship Black women suffer most.
History reveals that nation after nation, civilization after civilization have crumbled and decayed.
History reveals that no advance rolls in on the wheels of inevitability.
History reveals that scientific theories are as impermanent as anything else.
History reveals that the Luddite tendency has always existed in one form or another.
History reveals that there are differences of opinion in public school doctrine.
History reveals that there has been no golden age for youth.
History reveals the form and leads to the essence of things.
History reveals the many changes and challenges the church has transcended.
History reveals the most profitable place to buy, sell, and place stop loss orders.
History reveals the risks of an ideologised, community charged concept of culture.
History reveals the truth about the dominant nature of logistics.
History reveals where societies have come from and gives insight into important figures of the past.
History reveals why the Roman army was called the abomination of desolation.
History reveals, even in a market headed for the doldrums, things eventually turn up.
History reveals, however, that it has been conquered before and returned.
History Review the books that capture the history of the discovery of insulin.
History Review the history of the present illness.
History Rewritten Our encyclopedias and history books have been purged and rewritten.
History rides the rails on scenic rail excursions and comes to life in outdoor dramas.
History rings the warning bells.
History rocks along in funny paths.
History rolls along so slow.
History rolls on.
History runs deep even at the Mission Valley restaurant.
History runs deep hereabouts.
History runs rich in the central section in towns such as New Bern.
History rushes on.
History s dead.
History sadly repeats itself.
History saturates the island.
History says bet the ranch.
History says it always has been.
History says it is.
History says it was.
History says it, the stats say it.
History says it's a long shot.
History says no way.
History says no, but pre-history says yes.
History says no, that usually no more than two console winners can coexist in the living room.
History says no.
History says one of the horses died of old age and the other had to be put away.
History says otherwise .
History says otherwise.
History says periods of technological innovation are accompanied by times of financial excess.
History says possibly.
History says so.
History says that a war begins a revolution.
History says that heat started the evolution process.
History says that most touring fast bowlers have been very successful on Indian wickets.
History says that our system has worked pretty well.
History says the company is courting trouble.
History says the Egyptian pharaohs claimed the radish a divine food and an aphrodisiac.
History says the first four races of the season are crucial.
History says three letter domains are acronyms and important to companies.
History says yes.
History says, briefly and pointedly, it is the Christian passover.
History screens work like other inquiry screens.
History See Another dept.
History See below Configure history mechanism.
History See bottom of page for minimum requirements .
History See cannon and origin of bible.
History See the history for the town .
History See the history of our site.
History See the History page.
History See what Progress editors from each decade remember about campus.
History See what's new in History.
History seeks to find out what human beings have done in the past.
History seeks to understand the past in a way that helps to understand the present and future.
History seems frozen there.
History seems linear, art spatial.
History seems to be of no immediate practical value a dynamic society buries the dead and goes on.
History seems to be on the side of continued subsidies, although the form changes.
History seems to be repeating itself as it's been broken again now for ten days.
History seems to be repeating itself in front of our eyes.
History seems to be repeating itself.
History seems to be so clumsy.
History seems to be the story of stressing the one at the expense of the other to our sorrow.
History seems to come alive here . . .
History seems to favor the Avs.
History seems to have settled that controversy as much as moral insight settled it.
History seems to have taught little to the Big East.
History seems to plod along for a while.
History seems to reflect racial unrest since the beginning of time.
History seems to repeat itself every day.
History seems to repeat itself, but there is progress.
History seems to repeat itself.
History seems to repeat, nowadays.
History seems to reside just under the Peruvian top soil.
History seems to say the opposite.
History seems to seep from every crack and crevice in Sabine County.
History seems to show that in large ticket transactions, human nature wants to haggle.
History seems to stutter.
History seems to suggest that the wall worked well.
History Select the course number to view the information sheet online.
History sells older items at higher prices.
History Seminars Abroad to Europe provide an enriching escorted travel experience.
History Send questions, comments, or suggestions to the webmaster .
History serves as a database to rely on the effects.
History serves some purpose in keeping people advised of the folly of the past.
History sets expectations for performance and process.
History shapes our perceptions in powerful and subtle ways.
History shapes our present day relations, laws and life.
History shapes the present although most of the time it eludes our thoughts.
History Show a knowledge of the developments of sea kayaking.
History shows a gradual opening up of men's minds beginning in the fifteenth century.
History shows a number of parallels in the treatment of criminals and the insane.
History shows a pattern of global thievery by America.
History shows a repeating pattern of cities being created and then disappearing.
History shows a shift in reproductive strategy in human society.
History shows all stock market collapses occur with a heavily indebted private sector.
History shows anything can happen on the trail, anything can go wrong, to anybody.
History shows both approaches can work well.
History shows both boards are friendly.
History shows catalog buyers are a limited percent of all buyers.
History shows critical junctures in time where political leaders make critical choices.
History shows exciting changes stimulate sales.
History shows fees returning to the general fund once fee program is established.
History shows goodness follows badness follows goodness.
History shows how dangerous it is to combine religious and civic authority.
History shows how easily the one can lead to the other.
History shows how easy it is to get lost when one treats of internal grace.
History shows it continues to gain.
History shows it does.
History shows it over and over again.
History shows it quite clearly.
History shows it staying in the Linux position more and more.
History shows it very clearly.
History shows it won t be the expansion of affordable broadband.
History shows it.
History shows it's tough for a lieutenant governor to win the top spot.
History shows many break the law, but never the laws of nature.
History shows many plans and few fulfillments.
History shows Michigan plays well in big games.
History shows most workers prefer early retirement over higher benefits.
History shows no signs that a totalitarian regime can succeed in carrying out a semi-free policy.
History shows no.
History shows only too well that a spiritless community is capable of great depravity.
History shows otherwise.
History shows our dedication.
History shows people struggling to find meaning in their experiences, but all in vain.
History shows perceived injustices in the system often lead to improvements.
History shows railroads to be the safest way to move the basic commodities of our society.
History shows revival has always been divisive.
History shows such forces can have a devastating impact on a new president.
History shows that a major increase in gambling has signified the decline of a nation.
History shows that about half the candidates in our database are contacted on a yearly basis.
History shows that achieving any kind of change to our Constitution is no easy feat.
History shows that achieving the desired effect is difficult.
History shows that addition is generally the successful way to do it.
History shows that airpower overpromises what it can do.
History shows that all chickens come home to roost.
History shows that all great leaders have been great communicators.
History shows that all human thinking and talking is historically conditioned.
History shows that all peoples have had a sense of sin.
History shows that all societies in the past chose either asceticism or worldliness.
History shows that all such nations are eventually destroyed.
History shows that all systems fail, and all governments and economies also eventually fail.
History shows that animal testing and research are ineffective techniques in our research arsenal.
History shows that any time interest rates start rising, the stock market begins to struggle.
History shows that as a rule they heaped to themselves material wealth, prestige and power.
History shows that as nations and empires come and go, cities endure.
History shows that attempts at prohibition only make matters worse.
History shows that Balkan conflicts defy quick solutions by outside parties.
History shows that being overdue for drought slightly diminishes the chance.
History shows that building roads is the easy part of a vicious cycle.
History shows that businesses go through cycles of centralization and decentralization.
History shows that chocolate be- comes the ultimate indulgence when people's incomes rise.
History shows that civilizations grow and collapse based on the availability of water.
History shows that conservative democrats support cross burning and lynching.
History shows that culture flourishes precisely where people see and take up challenges.
History shows that delays for secondary inspections are usually minimal.
History shows that different societies define it differently at great peril.
History shows that each time personal income tax rates are lowered, federal revenues increase.
History shows that early Chinese emperors placed great value in ginseng.
History shows that electricity use and the economy grow together.
History shows that ethnic conflicts can go on for decades, even centuries.
History shows that even in well established democracies the majority can suppress a minority.
History shows that even moderate targets can be hard to achieve.
History shows that exploration results in discoveries of great value.
History shows that eyeglasses have been around for hundreds of years.
History shows that few things motivate people more than money.
History shows that foundations of future fortunes are often laid in bear markets.
History shows that free people can be counted on to defend their homes and their country.
History shows that freedom has been uncommon.
History shows that government dollars and government controls damage education.
History shows that hard work pays off.
History shows that heat-related illnesses are serious business.
History shows that home schooling, when done correctly, has tremendous advantages.
History shows that human beings can do just about anything.
History shows that ideological differences can lead to ugly, protracted and destructive struggles.
History shows that in a final spasm sell-off, it usually affects all stocks.
History shows that in times of despair, messianic ideas flourish.
History shows that investigating a single proposed chemical-cancer relationship can take many years.
History shows that investors earn some of the best stock returns after severe setbacks.
History shows that is exactly what happened.
History shows that it is inviting disappointment to mistake a political party for a movement.
History shows that it is peculiarly hard to go against a common sentiment in America.
History shows that it is well-nigh impossible to occupy Afghanistan.
History shows that Jewish life has been most vital when openness prevailed.
History shows that Jewish people have suffered through many tragedies.
History shows that lasting monetary unions have been created following political unification.
History shows that leisured aristocracies tend to become decadent.
History shows that many eclectic procedures of today become the orthodoxy of tomorrow.
History shows that many nations gave different percentages of their income for religious works.
History shows that many of the eclectic procedures of today become the orthodoxy of tomorrow.
History shows that many of the martial arts styles practiced today such as karate, jujitsu, etc.
History shows that many revivals began with a groundswell of prayer among youths.
History shows that many travelers and early explorers visited the area.
History shows that markets and economies have upswings and downswings.
History shows that markets go up and down.
History shows that military engagements or war are stimulative to the U.S. economy.
History shows that monopolies eliminate choice, gouge their customers and ignore complaints.
History shows that most of the benefits of any new agricultural technology go to the early adaptor.
History shows that music was becoming more and more a passion in the South.
History shows that navies can change quickly.
History shows that no country so constituted can long endure as a coherent society.
History shows that no force endures like hatred of the alien ruler.
History shows that no more than two or three video game platforms can survive.
History shows that nominees get a lift in the polls, in the afterglow of their party meetings.
History shows that North Carolina policymakers have serious spending problems.
History shows that Olympic hosts gain immeasurably in international esteem.
History shows that once America is awoken, there is no other option than total and complete victory.
History shows that only when people join together and speak out does real change happen.
History shows that over the centuries the character of mathematics has changed considerably.
History shows that people have always been striving to expand their culture along with their minds.
History shows that people have always sought to understand more about the world in which they live.
History shows that people work best together when faced with some difficulty or threat.
History shows that personal liberty has been circumscribed by society's ability to afford it.
History shows that planetary alignments are harmless.
History shows that pool returns decrease as the number of additionals under loan increase.
History shows that powerful, effective governments are prone to do terrible things.
History shows that preparing for the worst case was wise then, and is prudent now.
History shows that progress occurs in places where free labor movements are strong.
History shows that protectionism and isolationism have never been the right answer.
History shows that public opinion has deep impacts on the direction of technical development.
History shows that pure knowledge does pay in the long run.
History shows that registration leads to confiscation.
History shows that relatively short ones often follow long pontificates.
History shows that rising U.S. interest rates usually reduce capital flows to emerging markets.
History shows that safety chains have been very helpful in preventing prop mishaps.
History shows that science is nothing but a constant correcting of misguided assumptions.
History shows that separate but equal has never worked.
History shows that shifting manufacturing to Asia leads to consumer revolution.
History shows that some parties delay, and attempt to avoid attendance at portions of the mediation.
History shows that strife in the Balkans, left unchecked, spreads dangerously.
History shows that students are very willing to overturn old theories.
History shows that successful people from all environments exploit their abilities.
History shows that such a reformation is unlikely.
History shows that taking a long-term view is the sure way to yield much better returns.
History shows that taking on an incumbent president is a fool's errand.
History shows that tax cuts are good for the economy.
History shows that tax rate reductions result in higher tax revenues.
History shows that the arguments in favor of circumcison are questionable.
History shows that the attempt to mandate a particular outlook is a useless enterprise.
History shows that the bloodiest wars are civil.
History shows that the capacity for resistance is always enhanced by the winning of small victories.
History shows that the gonococcus always wins, which makes it crucial to stay a step ahead.
History shows that the mapping of disease data has proved effective when other methods failed.
History shows that the market does recover, so have patience.
History shows that the no-brainers come with a fundamental scale of economy.
History shows that the odds are strongly against that kind of timing.
History shows that the platform with the largest software base almost always wins.
History shows that the present crisis is rooted in the past.
History shows that the right kind of debt cancellation is good for everyone.
History shows that the second half turned out to be closer to a nightmare.
History shows that the simple and low cost beats the complex every time.
History shows that the status of women has oscillated through time.
History shows that the strongest competitors are prime targets under such circumstances.
History shows that the struggle to bring about real political change is often a protracted one.
History shows that the success of democracy depends generally on favourable material circumstances.
History shows that the two are by no means mutually exclusive.
History shows that the U.S. military is no stranger to nonparanormal cover stories.
History shows that the United States of America is a resilient nation.
History shows that there are major consequences when such inflection points are reached.
History shows that there are no invincible armies and never have been.
History shows that there is a direct corralation between attendance and final grades.
History shows that there is no one 'natural' role for women.
History shows that there was no nobility in the beginning of the Western culture.
History shows that they are always swallowed up by materialists.
History shows that time in the market can produce better results than timing the market.
History shows that traditional military alliances disappear once victory has been won.
History shows that truth has generally appeared first in the possession of a small minority.
History shows that two Jewish banking families bought the ships.
History shows that tyrants usually had horrible childhoods and came from really sick families.
History shows that use of force has never put an end to a dispute or a conflict.
History shows that voters usually shy from tinkering with public policy.
History shows that war is completely different from normal life.
History shows that war is good for government.
History shows that wars are divided into two kinds, just and unjust.
History shows that whaling quotas and restrictions are impossible to enforce.
History shows that when it comes to the ballot box, the people know what they are voting on.
History shows that when the U.S. dollar cracks it sinks with stomach-churning speed.
History shows that with every new economic revolution, there are bumps in the road.
History shows that world orders, including our own, are transient.
History shows that, in many respects, regional trade initiatives have benefitted the world economy.
History shows that.
History shows that's unlikely.
History shows the best time to buy stocks is when earnings are in freefall.
History shows the chances are minimal at best and the costs are unbelievable.
History shows the danger of epidemics to social order and well-being.
History shows the deal was far from done.
History shows the difficulty of maintaining natural diversity.
History shows the English to be military people, always ready for a fight.
History shows the havoc they have caused.
History shows the intent and purpose of our founding fathers.
History shows the political consequences of hunger, disease and starvation in the human family.
History shows the stable debt-free money brings wealth and prosperity.
History shows the strong hand of economics in family life.
History shows the testing was very effective, and the tiles are in use today.
History shows the West Division rivals are both comfortable playing in the other's arena.
History shows there are repercussions for being blamed for a plague.
History shows there are two ways to control the people.
History shows there have been many empires and Kings of the Mountain and none has survived.
History shows there is a clear path to sustained economic growth.
History shows there was a body there and it disappeared.
History shows they almost never do, especially at a time of peace and prosperity.
History shows they've repeatedly made the same mistakes.
History shows time and again that things change, cities develop and new people move in.
History shows where they come from .
History shows where they come from.
History shows, however, that aerial attacks have never defeated a nation.
History shows, however, that unemployment typically drops as the trade deficit rises.
History simply documents the success of that approach.
History simply is.
History sits in judgment, and each Filipino has a stake in the verdict.
History speaks across the centuries.
History speaks against it.
History speaks for itself.
History speaks in favor of action to prevent disaster.
History speaks of many pioneers and inventive people who paved the way to the modern age.
History spills out of the academy.
History springs from a live concern, deals with life, serves life.
History springs from most humble beginnings.
History stands at the very heart of a liberal arts education.
History stands in the way also.
History stands in the way.
History stands on the same path.
History starts up again, after an interlude of friction and madness.
History stays in the place where it has been made.
History still says no.
History stops at the collection of facts, but fiction and poetry begin where the facts end.
History stops short atthis point.
History stops where the suburbs begin.
History straddles the line between the humanities and the social sciences.
History stresses an understanding of changes that take place in societies over time.
History strikes back.
History Studying the past is a way to understand the present little better.
History substantiates the justness of our claim.
History suggests a few possibilities.
History suggests a tough sell ahead.
History suggests it can be done.
History suggests medieval Scotland was backward.
History suggests otherwise, but the possibility is intriguing.
History suggests otherwise, to be sure.
History suggests otherwise.
History suggests that a good quality portfolio always recovers.
History suggests that capitalism is a necessary condition for political freedom.
History suggests that early leads, especially Democratic ones, tend to diminish.
History suggests that government intervention in the rural economy does more harm than good.
History suggests that groups have been authorized or encouraged to organize as volunteer Militia.
History suggests that in many years it does.
History suggests that planning a steady new supply to accommodate shifts in demand is difficult.
History suggests that Sacramento appreciated and benefited from both styles.
History suggests that such a strategy can be be tricky, expensive, perhaps even counter-productive.
History suggests that the creation of fully secure and deep democratic systems can take decades.
History suggests that the emergence of such a China is anything but automatic.
History suggests that the latter is most often the relationship of technology and society.
History suggests that the opposite is more likely.
History suggests that the practice of plastic surgery has ancient roots.
History suggests that things often have to get worse before they get better.
History suggests that very few political victories have ever been won without strong coalitions.
History suggests the best is yet to come.
History suggests the futility of such efforts.
History suggests the possibility as well.
History suggests they're dreaming.
History supplies our very identity.
History supplies the answer.
History supplies the hint of an answer.
History supports that statement.
History supports the accusation.
History supports the hypothesis.
History supports the inverse firearm-crime relationship.
History surrounds the area, from early colonial times to the present.
History survives in a reaction to the tragic destruction wrought by time.
History Take a gander at last year's results.
History Take a look at Corona in the past.
History Take a look at how the church has changed over the years on our History page.
History Take a look at some interesting numbers from Miami's past .
History Take a look back through the years to see how the church was formed and grew.
History Take a trip back in time and experience the Lodge's fascinating history.
History Take off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the ground on which thou standest is holy ground.
History takes a major turn with the twelfth chapter of Genesis.
History takes on a new dimension when ancestors are connected to it.
History takes one by the throat and forces a decision.
History takes place in the past.
History takes strange turns indeed.
History takes strange turns.
History takes the shape of a development through distinct stages.
History teaches at least that.
History teaches defeated foes shown mercy often turn into useful partners.
History teaches otherwise.
History teaches students the events that shaped the world.
History teaches that challenges are ever-present and that change is one constant in our human lives.
History teaches that cultures rise and fall on the crests of their supporting images.
History teaches that defense is more difficult than attack.
History teaches that every problem has a limited life span.
History teaches that good intentions have hurt as much as they've helped.
History teaches that Harlem residents tell their own story best.
History teaches that national independence can in some places stimulate national chauvinism.
History teaches that one of the two faces of nationalism almost always predominates.
History teaches that our industry is dependent on investor confidence.
History teaches that progress usually begins with change.
History teaches that ruling elites can use and abuse people for only a certain amount of time.
History teaches that scarcity can be the cause of conflict and war.
History teaches that some coercion is essential to maintaining a stable civilization.
History teaches that technology by itself is never the answer.
History teaches that the first target of government repression is never the last.
History teaches that the pope originally had no crown.
History teaches that the power of musical healing was well known among people of former times.
History teaches that wars begin when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap.
History teaches the same social lessons for the same reasons.
History teaches the students about our state's past.
History teaches, however, that words of warning in a climate of euphoria fall largely on deaf ears.
History teaching A multi-year project continues with teacher training seminars.
History Tell the class some information about the history of the artist.
History tells a different story .
History tells a different story.
History tells a different, more complicated story.
History tells a more complicated story.
History tells a people where they are and what they are.
History tells a people where they have been and what they have been.
History tells all that.
History tells cautionary tales.
History tells how the struggle ended.
History tells it differently.
History tells lies.
History tells of a great competition to determine who was the master swordmaker in the land.
History tells of another vision.
History tells of many avowed celibates, and today s society reflects a renewed interest in celibacy.
History tells of many such people.
History tells of numerous feats, and celebrations.
History tells of one who was called from the plow to the palace, from the farm to the forum.
History tells that cooperation benefits both, while confrontation harms both.
History tells the rest of that story and why the city of Zion in Missouri has yet to be realized.
History tells the rest of the story.
History tells the rest.
History tells the story again and again.
History tells the story.
History tends to be a real pivotal factor.
History tends to exaggerate.
History tends to focus on urban life.
History tends to remember the extraordinary feats, the unusual plays, the great heroics.
History tends to repeat itself because an identical situation is occurring today.
History tends to repeat itself when left on auto-pilot.
History tends to repeat itself.
History tends to reprisals.
History tends to run against fun.
History tends to show up inadequacies in social and political blueprints.
History tends to unfold slowly, though, and yesterday's hearing was no exception.
History testifies to the fact that they are all wrong.
History testifies to the fact that they are generally the first to bleed, suffer, and die.
History testifies to the gradual realization by humanity of the power of intellectual thought.
History then reverses itself, and the universe gradually returns to the state of the sphere.
History There are also subject guides to relevant historical websites.
History There are essentially four causes of secondary pulmonary hypertension.
History There are four distinct periods in the history of chivalry.
History There are many movies about historical events .
History There is much rewriting of history.
History thus confirms that there is something different and disturbing about our age.
History thus deals with the particular, and tragedy with the universal.
History thus provides the raw materials on which the combinatorial process of improvement depends.
History thus shows the way of reconciling the respective exigencies of philosophy and government.
History ties the two communities together.
History timeline A timeline of historical events described in the Bible.
History trains students to gather, sift, and evaluate evidence.
History transforms a person from a half-educated person into an educated person.
History Travel back to the beginning of agriculture in Canada .
History travel local links and info.
History treats every American president differently.
History truly does repeat itself.
History turns a corner and the arrogance of power hits like shit against a fan.
History turns on the work of a few people.
History underpins a liberal arts education.
History Understanding any classical dance becomes easier once one learns how it evolved.
History Understands that heroes and heroines had an important role in shaping our history.
History Understands the significance of selected holidays.
History unfolds in the background as personal mysteries and dramas are unravelled.
History unveils how the founding partners have been shaped by events and people over time.
History vanishes slowly, page by page.
History verifies it, nature proclaims it and the Bible gives an account of it.
History verifies that that is exactly what happened.
History View all categories.
History View the deed history on a parcel.
History Visit a Viking village and explore their culture, food, games, clothing, and much more.
History Visit our awsome history sites.
History walks and garden tours.
History weighs heavily on the young couple's shoulders.
History Welcome to the Historical section.
History winds up in the waiting room.
History wizard A wide ranging and useful resource.
History works abound.
History works in mysterious ways.
History works in strange ways.
History Write down as much of the dog's medical and behavioral history as is known.
History writes itself.
History written by certain Georgian intellectuals is fine sample of human distortion.
History written by different people have different views.
History's a hell of a thing.
History always comes home.
History always is in form, but the form has to be seen.
History always leaves clues.
History always pronounces the verdict.
History always repeats itself, though never exactly in the same way.
History always repeats itself.
History always rewards tactics at the expense of logistics in any significant military campaign.
History always seems to repeat itself.
History always surprises.
History often ignores the psychological roots of conflict.
History often is the best predictor of the future.
History often occurs differently for different people.
History often provides no easy answers.
History often reads as a hard and grim experience.
History often reflects the time in which it is written as opposed to the time in which it occurred.
History often repeats itself due to ignorance of past facts.
History often repeats itself, and the market works in cycles.
History often repeats itself.
History often rides in on the back of new technologies, if less often on brand names.
History often seems to be a road map to a cliff.
History often shows how passive tolerance can lead to conflict and chaos.
History often shows how passive tolerance can slide into conflict and chaos.
History often teaches that the more things change the more they remain the same.
History often tells a different story.
History often varies from legends.
History sometimes becomes clouded with legend and folklore, but that only enriches the experience.
History sometimes tells simple stories.
History usually abandons the specifics, smoothes over personal moments and individual faces.
All histories are, in fact, based on the narration of people.
All history attests to that.
All history becomes subjective, in other words, there is properly no history, only biography.
All history begins to orbit around the character and then, somewhat magically, the reader.
All history begins with the record of various events and actions.
All history classes now use the Internet for research purposes.
All history constantly changes under their manipulation.
All history contains positive and negative elements.
All history courses fulfill the general distribution requirement in the humanities.
All history has to do is happen.
All history is a current event.
All History is a history of class struggle.
All history is a selection out of an infinite number of facts.
All History is a struggle of races for survival.
All history is built upon other history.
All history is composed of stories.
All history is connected to some degree or another.
All history is continuous, of course, and in a sense anything can be traced back to antiquity.
All history is future-directed.
All history is history of class struggles.
All history is imagined and reconstructed repeatedly.
All history is interpretation.
All history is just a big cash flow chart.
All history is just somebody's interpretation of what happened.
All history is military conflict.
All history is military history.
All history is modern history.
All history is of course comparative history.
All history is pornography.
All history is recent.
All history is shaped to that end.
All history is shown to be moving toward that goal.
All history is speculation and too much of it is fraud and lies.
All history is subjective.
All history is the story of people, common and uncommon, important and ordinary.
All history is ultimately reducible to biology.
All history is written on dramatic principles.
All history proves it and Russia is the most convincing recent demonstration of it.
All history proves it.
All history repeats itself.
All history reveals that economic interests are the strongest ties that bind men together.
All history teaches that the general course of conquest has been from north to south.
Any history is more than a few key dates and selected data.
Any history is never complete.
Any history raises the question of what now.
Every history pays some attention to reified categories such as difference or the other.
More histories cross.
More histories meet each other.
More history awaits next month.
More History Click on a photo to retrieve it.
More history is available.
More history is made by secret handshakes than by battles, bills and proclamations.
More history is yet to be written.
Most history is debatable interpretation of fact.
Most history is just gossip that has grown old gracefully.
Much history also lies beneath the water near Kingston harbor.
Some histories are oral, and passed on from generation to generation through the telling of stories.
Some history behinds the names of Mumbai's localities .
Some history helps.
Some history is available.
Some history is helpful here.
Some history is in order.
Some history is included.
Some history is instructive.
Some history is needed.
Some history is offered, with alluring invitations to indulge in stopovers and side trips.
Some history is provided.
Some history is useful in explaining the makeup of the network.
Historymobile visits are free of charge to schools.
Histrionic individuals can be quite colorful and outgoing.
Histrionic patients are dramatic and theatrical but typically lack histories of antisocial behavior.
Histrionic patients use physical appearance and complaints to draw attention to themselves.
Histrionic people are lively, dramatic, vivacious, enthusiastic, and flirtatious .
Hit points are the number of damage points the thing can take before it dies.
A hit is a feat
Hits appear in red.
Hits appearing high in the search results contain more of the input words.
Hits are a meaningless measure of traffic.
Hits are a meaningless unit of traffic measurement.
Hits are a somewhat archaic measure of traffic on a site, counting every request for data.
Hits are a stupid way to judge traffic.
Hits are a unit of exchange on the Web.
Hits are a way of keeping score.
Hits are actually the number of graphics that are displayed on one single HTML page.
Hits are albums.
Hits are an inflated sales tool.
Hits are any instruction clicked on while users are in the web site.
Hits are big sellers.
Hits are both the easiest to grasp and the most deceptive element in the log file.
Hits are by far the least meaningful metric of the bunch.
Hits are categories into folders for easier selection.
Hits are critical.
Hits are deeds.
Hits are different from page impressions .
Hits are doses.
Hits are down.
Hits are every transaction.
Hits are everything accessed by the server from a websurfer.
Hits are few and far between and difficult to predict.
Hits are few, runs are fewer.
Hits are funny that way.
HITs are great fun for spectators.
Hits Are Here - Promoting and producing independent artists and unsigned bands.
Hits are how many times the server receives a request for an item.
Hits are joining.
Hits are meaningless and are only used by sites trying to inflate their numbers.
Hits are murder.
Hits are people times pages viewed.
Hits are power, on the Net.
Hits are realistic and varied.
Hits are requests to the server.
Hits are success.
Hits are the cumulative number of requests for each page a visitor views.
Hits are the individual requests a server answers in order to render a single web page completely.
Hits are the individual requests a server answers in order to render a single Web page completely.
Hits are the number of times a server is accessed.
Hits are the number of times registered users have viewed a message.
Hits are the number of times the ball has appeared.
Hits are the only shots that count.
Hits are touch.
Hits are up, sales are up, and most importantly, our everyone is happy.
Hits are up.
Hits are way up.
Hits are what the sites have been selling.
Hits Be original.
Hits can add up in a hurry.
Hits can be anything from main pages to subjects or topics.
Hits can break at different times in different places.
Hits can play notes, phrases, or can create or destroy virtual musical performers.
Hits can produce chipped, cracked, loose, or even knocked-out teeth.
Hits come from hyperlinks.
Hits come from Ireland, the States, Australia and among academic circles in Britain.
Hits come from the blind side as much as from the front side.
Hits display the number of results.
Hits displays the total number of records found that satisfy the search statement.
Hits do make a difference to our careers.
Hits generate ad revenue and that revenue is what keeps the site going.
Hits go way up.
Hits have excellent summaries.
Hits have no effect on Artillery.
Hits imply that a user has been exposed to the page and the deeper material on linked pages.
Hits increase business.
Hits is always the total number of files served.
Hits leave reminders in the form of holes in rigging and hull, as well as the occasional fire.
Hits list out wais-indexed metadata records in outline form.
Hits matching known domains and sites are readily discernible.
Hits mean all page views and each image is counted as one hit each.
Hits mean how many entries come up for any particular set of keywords.
Hits measure the number of files requested from a server.
Hits refer to any request made to the web server.
Hits represent actual transactions between a web browser and the web server.
Hits represent the number of pages visited.
Hits represent the number of times a Web page is viewed.
Hits simply refer to the number of times a server is accessed.
Hits spawn other hits.
Hits start happening within minutes.
Hits take longer to recover from.
HITS viewing is also available.
Hits usually come on the fall.
All hits are flukes.
All hits depend on the honor system.
All hits seem to make sense.
Any hit destroys a fighter.
ANY hit is considered to have caused damage.
Every hit begins at home.
Every hit scores a run.
More hits is better than fewer.
More hits mean higher percent.
More hits means more money.
More hits means more points.
More hits occur later in the day.
Some hits also have links to full text papers and other materials.
Some hits are full-text.
Hitch adjustment is another very important point.
Hitch cover is made of solid, cast aluminum construction.
Hitch equipment is often times overlooked.
Hitch installations are usually permanent.
Hitch pins can become dislodged when moving across rough farm-rail crossings.
Hitch racks are easier to load because they're closer to the ground than roof racks.
Hitch rental is an extra charge.
Hitch ring uses limited side slip to compensate for off-center loads.
Hitch size refers to the inside diameter of a vehicle's hitch receiver opening.
A hitch is a period
Hitch attaches to any bicycle seat.
Hitch comes up with a film that is just a hair short from being top-notch.
Hitch follows with tossing flowers on the grave.
Hitch is a high-profile target.
Hitch is matte brass.
Hitch is self-leveling with turnbuckle adjustment for fine tuned front to rear leveling.
Hitch opens the stall and goes to the sink.
Hitch raises an eyebrow and gulps.
Hitch refers to the connection point between the trailer and truck.
Hitch rides on the bumpers of other cars.
Hitch rides on trucks or cars.
Hitches are secure and equipped with locking pins.
Hitches Draw-tite hitches are custom fabricated to fit each vehicle.
Hitches have two ratings, one gives the capacity of the weight the hitch can hold or hitch capacity.
Hitches present typical crush points.
Hitches vary in height.
Hitchs are connections.
Hitchs are gaits.
Hitchs are knots.
All hitches come with a limited lifetime warranty.
All hitches come with all necessary hardware and complete instructions.
All Hitches shown here are on a bike with a drum brake.
Any hitch is cause for concern.
A hitchhiker is a passenger
Hitchhiker disappears, is ghost of person killed years ago in road accident.
Hitchhiker isa passenger.
Hitchhiker reports tire iron assault.
Hitchhikers are a special lot.
Hitchhikers are common with the lack or cars.
Hitchhikers are passengers.
Hitchhikers can search for a appropriate ride and go on a free or cheap holiday.
Hitchhikers can search for an appropriate ride and go.
Hitchhikers find rides in part by vibrations from the stridulation noises the cutters make.
Hitchhikers guide to the Internet.
Hitchhikers have (part) arms.
Hitchhikers have (part) body substances.
Hitchhikers have (part) cell membranes.
Hitchhikers have (part) cells.
Hitchhikers have (part) corpi.
Hitchhikers have (part) cytoplasm.
Hitchhikers have (part) heads.
Hitchhikers have (part) human bodies.
Hitchhikers have (part) legs.
Hitchhikers have (part) material bodies.
Hitchhikers have (part) necks.
Hitchhikers have (part) nuclei.
Hitchhikers have (part) personality.
Hitchhikers have (part) plasma membranes.
Hitchhikers have (part) sections.
Hitchhikers have (part) vacuoles.
Hitchhikers have no mission control to ask advice and no alternate switches to switch.
Many hitchhikers use various hand signals.
Some hitchhikers belong to families.
Some hitchhikers belong to legume families.
Some hitchhikers feed on nettles.
Some hitchhikers feed on sea nettles.
Some hitchhikers feel approaches.
Some hitchhikers feel forces.
Some hitchhikers feel presence.
Some hitchhikers have towels.
Some hitchhikers prefer to prepare their lunch in advance.
Hitching rails are available to water the horses.
Hitec solutions aim primarily to increase our customers' productivity.
HiTemp products are more ideal for static, ultra high temperature pad and gasketing applications.
Hitlerian man is another lame vision.
A hitman is a murderer
Hitman defies many of the conventional expectations of the genre.
Hitman is on the trail of a notorious arms smuggler, but a little research is needed first.
Hitman manages to avoid the plague of technical problems that seem to make victims of other games.
Hitman plays in third person, with a control scheme that seems a tad over-complicated.
Hitmans are criminals.
Hitmans are murderers.
A hitter is a ballplayer
Hitter becomes base runner.
Hitter bunts the ball and the defense executes the play.
Hitter can still hit the inside, middle or outside part of the ball.
Hitter continues until they get five stars.
Hitter gains strength, speed and quickness, along with the opportunity to time the pitch.
Hitter hits the ball around the blocking device.
Hitter makes contact and then has a short finish.
Hitter moves into the pitch with both eyes in position to see the ball.
Hitter opens up too soon or lunges.
Hitter runs back to the net starting approach at the appropriate time.
Hitter runs from the net to the back line.
Hitter slaps ball and hits.
Hitter stands on chair or box.
Hitter starts at net.
Hitter starts at the net.
Hitter tries to keep the ball away from the defender.
Hitter tries to over-compensate for inside pitch.
Hitters are clearly bigger and stronger.
Hitters are easier to project.
Hitters are more predictable then pitchers and develop quicker.
Hitters are movers.
Hitters are safer bets.
Hitters are, by and large, predictable.
Hitters basically become defensive when behind in the count.
Hitters can practice year round on one of four indoor batting cages.
Hitters can' t wait for a fastball anymore.
Hitters can take the ball over the right hand bunker.
Hitters come back shaking their heads.
Hitters dream of punching one over the Green Monster, which makes it a very unique park.
Hitters experience dry spells.
Hitters fall into similar patters.
Hitters get a lot more at-bats.
Hitters get in the way.
Hitters get themselves out.
Hitters get upset when a pitcher throws an inside pitch.
Hitters have difficulty in picking up the flight of the ball as it comes off the mound.
Hitters have to expect that.
Hitters have trouble picking the ball up.
Hitters historically are more consistent than pitchers.
Hitters like to feel comfortable and relaxed at the plate.
Hitters love to see a guy with dead arm.
Hitters make mistakes when they swing at pitches out of the strike zone.
Hitters never look worse than when they swing at a curve after guessing a fastball.
Hitters pick up on that.
Hitters run behind the baseline, then rotate to opposite sides of the court to jog in place.
Hitters smell it like sharks smell blood in the water.
Hitters spike or toss balls quickly alternating from different areas of the net.
Hitters start in the ready position for their approach.
Hitters swing at the ball and can even see the strike zone.
Hitters talk about the guy.
Hitters tell a different story.
Hitters tend to be pretty consistent.
Hitters train themselves based on a true strike zone.
Hitters typically have to go through a much shorter period of adjustment.
Hitters work out with weights nearly year-round.
Hitters always have one thing in mind, they have to protect themselves against the fastball.
Every hitter goes into a slump.
Every hitter likes fastballs just like everybody likes ice cream.
Every hitter likes fastballs like everybody likes ice cream.
Most hitters are in too much of a hurry to finish their swing.
Most hitters can gain more distance by proper mechanics.
Most hitters can jump on a fastball.
Most hitters do stride forward as they prepares to swing.
Most hitters go line with it, and that's usually where the block is.
Some hitters actually prefer to face the heat.
Hive bees suck nectar.
Hive bees take nectar.
Most hive bees suck nectar.
Most hive bees take nectar.
Hive mates follow and touch the dancing bee.
Most hive members are female, except for the drones, which are male insects.
Hive protection is another consideration.
Hive society is highly individualistic.
Hive stands help elevate the bees off the ground.
A hive is a receptacle
Hive isa social group.
Hives also occur as a feature of anaphylactic reactions.
Hives appear when the skin is warmed after exposure to cold.
Hives are a common symptom of an allergic reaction.
Hives are a rash.
Hives are allergic reaction.
Hives are an allergic reaction to food or medication.
Hives are an outward sign of a whole-body hypersensitivity reaction.
Hives are another kind of skin response.
Hives are bands.
Hives are bumps on the skin that are usually itchy and swollen.
Hives are harmless except when they cause throat swelling or breathing problems.
Hives are homes.
Hives are multitudes.
Hives are often inside hollow logs.
Hives are red, itchy welts on the skin that come and go over the course of minutes or hours.
Hives are red, raised, swollen areas on the skin that are very itchy.
Hives are red, very itchy, swollen areas of the skin, often appearing in clusters.
Hives are red, very itchy, swollen areas of the skin.
Hives are skin diseases.
Hives are small, red, itchy swellings on the skin.
Hives are the result of an allergic reaction in the skin.
Hives are usually the result of an allergic reaction.
Hives are very common and usually go away within a few days to few weeks.
Hives are very common.
Hives are white itchy bumps which look and feel like insect bites.
Hives can also result from physical agents such as vibration, sunlight, cold pressure, and exercise.
Hives can appear all over the body or limited to one part of the body.
Hives can appear due to certain types of food, plants, drugs or insect bites.
Hives can appear on any part of the body, but are most common on the arms, legs and trunk.
Hives can be a natural reaction to the presence of a foreign substance in the body.
Hives can be a one time experience or a life threatening allergic reaction.
Hives can be an uncomfortable and annoying problem.
Hives can be quite uncomfortable.
Hives can cause severe itching.
Hives can change shape or vanish and reappear rapidly, in a matter of minutes.
Hives can change shape, fade, then rapidly reappear.
Hives can develop hours to a day later.
Hives can have irregular shapes and can be as small as a pencil eraser or as big as a dinner plate.
Hives can last from a few hours to several days.
Hives can occur almost anywhere on the body.
Hives can occur anywhere on the body, but are especially common about the elbows and knees.
Hives can vary in size from a half and inch to several inches in size.
Hives come after lunch.
Hives come from what bees do.
Hives do appear at any time of life.
Hives form from firmly stroking or scratching the skin.
Hives generally clear up without any long term problems.
Hives have nasty defenses which are very powerful, and long range.
Hives have queens.
Hives Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Hives involve swelling, redness and itching.
Hives is an allergic reaction in the skin with a lot of itching and swellings.
Hives is an allergic reaction.
Hives leave no trace on a mummy.
Hives occur when fluid leaks through the cells surrounding tiny blood vessels and enters the skin.
Hives occur when the body's capillaries and tiny veins get leaky.
Hives occur when the skin is stroked with a firm object.
Hives possess bees.
Hives raise and feed drones as insurance against the loss of a queen.
Hives remain empty producing nothing and beekeepers become disillusioned.
Hives Seek emergency treatment.
Hives seem very strong, and large swarms have already been spotted.
Hives often occur in response to a drug, food or infection.
Hives usually disappear within a few days to a few weeks.
Hives usually go away within a few days to a few weeks.
ALL hives are at least partly related to storage of stress-effect in the hypothalamus.
Most hives have queens.
Most hives possess bees.
Some hives have chances.
Some hives take possessions.
A hl is a metric
Hl isa unit.
Hls are part of kiloliters.
Hls have (part) liters.
Hls have (part) litres.
Hls have (part) ls.
HLs select, train and supervise a staff of students to assist in the daily operations of the center.
HLA compliance is a requirement for the joint program.
HLDP participants laud the program.
HLH region mediates dimerization.
Most hls are part of kiloliters.
A hm is a linear measure
A hm is a metric
HM has a wide field of interests and talents.
HM is a high-aluminum sludge that has a higher viscosity when vitrified.
HM is a low priced gold stock that appears to be turning upward.
HM is a management model emphasizing connections among land, people and dollars.
HMs assist medical professionals in providing health care to service people and their families.
HMs perform general laboratory, pharmacy, and other patient support services.
HMAC processing adds overhead beyond that already incurred by padding requirements, as follows.
HMIS labels list hazard warnings in a series of rectangular color bars.
HMIS rating includes hazards from propellent.
Hmong beds are different than in Americas.
Hmong believers gather outside their thatch meeting hall in northern Vietnam.
Hmong clothing is very cool, neat and beautiful.
Hmong culture is strong and solid and Hmong people generally very proud and capable.
Hmong custom forbids members of the same clan from marrying each other.
Hmong enrollment is very vibrant and strong here.
Hmong families are strongly patrilinear, tracing a family's history through the father's side.
Hmong families tend to be large and the extended family is considered to be part of the family.
Hmong folktales tell of a land of ice and snow with six months of light and six of darkness.
Hmong girls are just as talented as Hmong boys.
Hmong girls wear traditional costumes on holidays.
Hmong language consists of almost no medical terms, and lacks many comparable English terms.
Hmong men make crossbows, musical instruments, and other items of wood, bamboo and rattan.
Hmong music is distinctive in that it is closely tied to their lyrical, tonal language.
Most Hmong parents have strict rules about dating.
Hmong people are a very happy and hospitable people.
Hmong people are very polite and reticent.
Hmong people come from northern Laos and Thailand.
Hmong people sleep on a piece of wood with a cloth in it.
Hmong programming includes nutrition presentations and food preparation classes.
Hmong religion is a combination of pantheism and shamanism with the emphasis on ancestor-worship.
Hmong stitchery is known for reverse applique and tiny cross-stitch.
Many HMong students are in the process of applying for admission.
Hmong teenagers are friendly to all people.
Most Hmong teenagers help their parents with cooking, washing dishes and cleaning the house.
Hmong textiles serve as beautiful examples of mathematics in our everyday world.
Hmong villages are usually at high altitudes, below the crest of a protecting hill.
Hmong women pass their knowledge along to their female relatives.
Hmong women see the menopause as part of growing old.
Hmong women sit by the roadside, sewing red and blue geometric patterns.
Hmong women wear their tribal clan dress.
Most Hmong women are very small and, because of improved nutrition, babies are becoming quite large.
Hmong words possess only one form.
Hoards are stores.
Hoards come to forage for boots, belts, beepers and beauty supplies.
Hoarded seeds yield no harvest.
A hoarder is a saver
Hoarders are also less likely to seek help.
Hoarders are savers.
Hoarders believe that they take care for their pets usually .
Hoarders believe that they take care for their pets usually.
Hoarders clean out the stores as and after disaster hits.
Hoarders get pleasure from budgeting and itemizing every expense.
Hoarders have to learn how to throw things away.
Hoarders occupy the fourth circle.
Hoarders seem to attend to reasons to discard as much as nonhoarders.
Most hoarders are middle-aged or older women living alone.
A hoarding is a sign
Hoarding also includes possessing more than six library books at any time.
Hoarding happens in third-world countries, too.
Hoarding is a related behavior.
Hoarding is also now commonplace.
Hoarding is also stupid our lives become stagnant.
Hoarding is associated with the cold form of withdrawing family, and with destructiveness.
Hoarding is for beggars.
Hoarding is important, especially in a long game.
Hoarding is likely.
Hoarding is one of the less common compulsions.
Hoarding is one of the popular techniques for managing data in mobile environments.
Hoarding seems to affect equal amounts of men and women.
Hoardings aggravate the situation and add to the hazards.
Hoardings are everywhere in the city.
Hoarding always brings loss in one form or another.
A hoarfrost is ice
Hoarfrost close up.
Hoarhound tea is especially good for chest trouble.
A hoary alyssum is a herb
Hoary alyssum is a perennial in the mustard family and is common on sandier soils.
Hoary bats are mammals.
Hoary bats are most common in the southwest.
Hoary bats are open air predators with a swift and direct flight pattern.
Hoary bats are solitary.
Hoary bats are the most widespread of all bats in the United States.
Hoary bats are the only bats known to hibernate out in the open.
Hoary bats are thought to mate around the time of autumn migration.
Hoary bats are widespread and secure over much of their range.
Hoary bats get their name from the white hairs sprinkled over their red-brown fur.
Hoary bats live alone except during fall migration and when mothers are accompanied by their young.
Hoary bats live alone in trees and migrate south for the winter.
Hoary bats live in trees.
Hoary bats migrate to warmer climates in winter.
Hoary bats spend the summer days hidden in the foliage of trees.
Hoary cress is a creeping perennial, which reproduces by seed and creeping roots.
Hoary cress is a deep-rooted perennial also in the mustard family.
Hoary cress is one of the earliest perennial weeds to emerge in the spring.
A hoary marmot is a marmot
Hoary marmots appear to drink almost daily and they have frequently been observed eating snow.
Hoary marmots are active about four and a half months each year.
Hoary marmots are diurnal and herbivorous , subsisting on leaves, flowers, grasses, and sedges.
Hoary marmots are mammals.
Hoary marmots are marmots.
Hoary marmots are one of the meadow residents that are easy to see during the summer months.
Hoary marmots feed on grass.
Hoary marmots have cinnamon or brown heads and necks, with white edges around their noses and lips.
Hoary marmots have dark brown feet.
Hoary marmots have feet.
Hoary marmots hibernate in burrows.
Hoary marmots live in high mountains near timberline, alpine meadows, and talus slopes.
Hoary marmots live in loose colonies, taking advantage of their neighbors' watchfulness.
Hoary marmots populate mountainous areas, and woodchucks are found in the lower open woodlands.
Hoary marmots reach sexual maturity at two years of age.
Most hoary marmots feed on grass.
Most hoary marmots have dark brown feet.
Most hoary marmots have feet.
Most hoary marmots hibernate in burrows.
Some hoary marmots have patches.
Hoary nettle is native to the western United States.
Hoary white firs have needles.
Hoatzin chicks have wings.
A hoatzin is a bird
Hoatzin are chiefly arboreal, nesting on low trees or shrubs, and feeding on leaves and fruit.
Hoatzin has a long neck, small head with reddish-brown crest, and blue facial skin with red eyes.
Hoatzin has a long tail composed of ten, loosely attached feathers.
Hoatzin has an unpleasant odour, due to aromatic compounds included in their vegetal food.
Hoatzin has bronze olive upperparts, with fine buff streaks on dark hind neck, nape and mantle.
Hoatzin has typical foot with three toes forwards and one backwards.
Hoatzin is a clumsy bird.
Hoatzin is a colourful bird, with frizzy crest and long tail.
Hoatzin is a poor flier.
Hoatzin is national bird of Guyana.
Hoatzin is really a weak flier.
Hoatzin is usually sedentary, performing some move according to food resources.
Hoatzin is vulnerable to nest predation.
Hoatzin isa bird.
Hoatzins are animals.
Hoatzins are awkward birds.
Hoatzins are birds.
Hoatzins are capable of flies.
Hoatzins are communal breeders, and anywhere from two to seven birds cooperate in a single nesting.
Hoatzins are limited to their lowland swamp habitat.
Hoatzins are noisy and make a variety of calls, including shrieks, hisses, grunts, and growls.
Hoatzins are noisy birds, and have a wide variety of vocalizations.
Hoatzins are one of the only birds known to have developed foregut fermentation.
Hoatzins are one of the rare birds that are exclusively herbivores.
Hoatzins are poor fliers, flapping from tree to tree around rainforest creeks and rivers.
Hoatzins are poor fliers.
Hoatzins are primarily folivores.
Hoatzins are territorial, especially during breeding season.
Hoatzins are very territorial, especially during the breeding season.
Hoatzins breed during the rainy season.
Hoatzins build simple platform nests of sticks in trees that overhang the water.
Hoatzins can fly only short distances even when they are fully grown , so they usually climb .
Hoatzins can fly only short distances even when they are fully grown, so they usually climb.
Hoatzins communicate through unusual sounds that resemble wheezing, grunting, growls, and hisses.
Hoatzins communicate with discordant croaking.
Hoatzins digest food.
Hoatzins digest their food very, very slowly.
Hoatzins eat leaves, fruit and flowers, especially the moko-moko plant.
Hoatzins eat leaves.
Hoatzins have (part) air sacs.
Hoatzins have (part) bird's feet.
Hoatzins have (part) brains.
Hoatzins have (part) breasts.
Hoatzins have (part) cell membranes.
Hoatzins have (part) cells.
Hoatzins have (part) chest cavities.
Hoatzins have (part) chests.
Hoatzins have (part) corpi.
Hoatzins have (part) cytoplasm.
Hoatzins have (part) ears.
Hoatzins have (part) faces.
Hoatzins have (part) flight feathers.
Hoatzins have (part) heads.
Hoatzins have (part) lips.
Hoatzins have (part) mouths.
Hoatzins have (part) nuclei.
Hoatzins have (part) plasma membranes.
Hoatzins have (part) quill feathers.
Hoatzins have (part) rib cages.
Hoatzins have (part) second joints.
Hoatzins have (part) sections.
Hoatzins have (part) skulls.
Hoatzins have (part) sterna.
Hoatzins have (part) talons.
Hoatzins have (part) vacuoles.
Hoatzins have (part) wishbones.
Hoatzins have crests.
Hoatzins have features.
Hoatzins have feet.
Hoatzins have tails.
Hoatzins live in groups, noisy groups at that.
Hoatzins live in ponds.
Hoatzins live in the rainforests of South America.
Hoatzins look like birds.
Hoatzins roughly resemble chickens in size and shape.
Hoatzins seek a territory near water over which they can build their nests.
Hoatzins spread wings.
Hoatzins use the crop as a fermentation chamber to digest cellulose using symbiotic microorganisms.
Most hoatzins digest food.
Most hoatzins eat leaves.
Most hoatzins have crests.
Most hoatzins have features.
Most hoatzins have feet.
Most hoatzins have tails.
Most hoatzins live in ponds.
Most hoatzins look like birds.
Most hoatzins spread wings.
Some hoatzins adapt unusual features.
Some hoatzins eat flowers.
Some hoatzins eat fruit.
Some hoatzins establish territory.
Some hoatzins have blue cover skin.
Some hoatzins have blue skin.
Some hoatzins have claws.
Some hoatzins have long necks.
Some hoatzins have necks.
Some hoatzins have relatives.
Some hoatzins have skin.
Some hoatzins have tricks.
Some hoatzins have trouble.
Some hoatzins live in vegetation.
Some hoatzins spot deadly vipers.
Hoax emails use the names of large corporations to add credibility.
Hoax messages are malicious.
All hoax viruses are essentially chain letters.
A hoax is dissimulation
Hoaxes abound as well.
Hoaxes are a real problem to companies.
Hoaxes are a related irritation.
Hoaxes are a whole other problem in themselves.
Hoaxes are also worth mentioning.
Hoaxes are another common way spammers obtain large numbers of email addresses.
Hoaxes are arguably nothing more than a manually-driven email worm.
Hoaxes are difficult to ferret out when so little hard fact is available.
Hoaxes are easy to construct and also freely circulate.
Hoaxes are empty of any such substance.
Hoaxes are essentially another type of virus.
Hoaxes are factitious events.
Hoaxes are false reports about non-existent viruses, often claiming to do impossible things.
Hoaxes are false virus warnings describing extremely dangerous non-existent viruses.
Hoaxes are juggernauts.
Hoaxes are just one symptom of the truth problem.
Hoaxes are messages that claim to be warnings of real virus threats.
Hoaxes are more annoying and can even be dangerous.
Hoaxes are more prevalent than viruses themselves.
Hoaxes are rare and easily detected.
Hoaxes are real.
Hoaxes are really a kind of computer virus.
Hoaxes are rumors spread around like wildfire through e-mail.
Hoaxes are time consuming and costly to deal with.
Hoaxes attract the young.
Hoaxes breed unnecessary fear in the technology world.
Hoaxes can be good for getting people to think.
Hoaxes can be very cleverly disguised.
Hoaxes can often cause as much disruption . . .
Hoaxes can spread through the Internet faster than viruses, to which they have been compared.
Hoaxes cause real police departments and others to have to deal with thousands of concerned callers.
Hoaxes Check out our web portfolio .
Hoaxes come as offers for deals and money, virus alerts, and more.
Hoaxes cost countless hours and clog the cyberarteries around the world.
Hoaxes create enormous problems for the people who are the subject of the hoaxes.
Hoaxes have a statement to hook the reader into reading the entire email.
Hoaxes Learn all about the latest virus pranks.
Hoaxes play on our inborn fears, and also on our desire to help others avoid danger.
Hoaxes potentially pose the same threat.
Hoaxes slander real people and real businesses.
Hoaxes survive simply by causing confusion.
Hoaxes tend to spread through chain e-mails.
Hoaxes use some words in all uppercase letters and spinkle in plenty of exclamation points.
Hoaxes waste our time and energy, as well as clogging up our email and network resources.
Hoaxs are films.
Hoaxs are situations.
Hoaxes usually involve dire warnings of doom caused by reading e-mail messages.
All hoaxes are funny.
Any hoax is out of the question.
Many hoaxes have nothing to do with viruses.
Some hoaxes are funny and others are serious.
Some hoaxes can be quite elaborate, and a number have been well documented.
Some hoaxes cause as much trouble as viruses by causing massive amounts of unnecessary e-mail.
Some hoaxes even mix a grain of truth with an exaggeration to gain believability.
Some hoaxes inspire great follow-ups.
Some hoaxes seem to deliberately attempt to discredit reputable organizations.
Some hoaxes warn about hackers.
Some hoaxes warn of nonexistent computer viruses.
A hoaxer is a person
Hoaxers are boring and in bad taste.
Hoaxers are irrelevant to the message from the circlemakers and the circlemakers know it.
Hoaxers are out to push emotional buttons.
Most hoaxers restrict their material to a fairly simplified structure.
Most hoaxers use lost pet ads to contact distraught pet owners.
A hobbit is imagination
Hobbits are ' a little people, smaller than dwarves.
Hobbits are a cheerful folk, fond of eating and friendship.
Hobbits are a lot like Scots.
Hobbits are a people onto themselves.
Hobbits are books.
Hobbits are furry creatures who love nothing better than a leisurely life free from adventure.
Hobbits are generally brown and curly haired, and prefer greens and browns to brighter colours.
Hobbits are intelligent agents.
Hobbits are like small humans between two and four foot tall.
Hobbits are low on the Maslow scale.
Hobbits are much shorter than humans.
Hobbits are the same as halflings.
Hobbits are very fond of food, and of that reason are they eating a lot.
Hobbits are victorious.
Hobbits can get annoying sometimes.
Hobbits do it in a hole.
Hobbits have no beards.
Hobbits love comfort.
All hobbits are very hairy and usually walk to their many social gatherings barefoot.
A hobble is a hamper
Hobbles are more effective on some horses than on others.
Hobby blades are extremely sharp.
Hobby breeders have only a few breeding pairs which are essentially pet birds that produce chicks.
Many hobby breeders give a wealth of support to their buyers, as do professional breeders.
Hobby courses are always interesting, enjoyable and relaxing.
Any hobby dealer can help.
Hobby farms are our specialty.
Hobby farms have problems.
Most hobby farms have problems.
Hobby farmers are an integral part of moving our society away from industrial meat.
Many hobby farmers are able to tap their own wells or springs for sufficient water.
Hobby greenhouses are a good example.
Hobby groups provide a way for students to expand upon interests and sharpen their skills.
Most hobby investors behave like gamblers.
Hobby kilns are great for earthenware and slip cast ceramics.
Hobby pages abound on the Web.
Hobby room can be den or office.
Hobby servos are cheap and easily modified.
Hobby shops sell shaft collars and Universal joints with setscrews as well.
Hobby shops sell wheels for wooden toys that work well.
Most hobby shops cater to model planes, trains, and cars.
Some hobby shops have small working layouts.
Hobby stores sell pumpkin-carving kits with exotic designs and small saws.
A hobby is interest
Hobbies are a good stress reliever, as well.
Hobbies are a good way to use up idle time.
Hobbies are about having fun and enjoying the company of others who share the same interest.
Hobbies are all on the back burner.
Hobbies are also therapeutic for the mind.
Hobbies are an antidote to Satan's little games.
Hobbies are antique shopping, triple jumping and splitting wood.
Hobbies are any fun and exciting activities.
Hobbies are baseball, art, and cars.
Hobbies are basketball and cards.
Hobbies are basketball and television.
Hobbies are beach strolling,moives,chat,study,outdoor sports.
Hobbies are big too.
Hobbies are car racing, reading and watching movies.
Hobbies are cars and movies.
Hobbies are cars and trains.
Hobbies are chess, writing, reading, am a gifted, intelligent man.
Hobbies are classical music and recently violin building.
Hobbies are creativity of multiple arts.
Hobbies are dance, ping pong, pool and drawing.
Hobbies are dance, studying language, history, music and books.
Hobbies are exercise, biking, boating.
Hobbies are falcons.
Hobbies are floral arranging, antique hunting, and gardening.
Hobbies are football and golf.
Hobbies are freestyle wrestling, scouting, and fishing.
Hobbies are fun things to do.
Hobbies are fun.
Hobbies are genealogy , video filming, choir singing and micro computing.
Hobbies are golf and basketball.
Hobbies are golf and computer programming.
Hobbies are golf and guitar.
Hobbies are golf and lifting.
Hobbies are golf and restoring vintage cars.
Hobbies are golf and sky diving.
Hobbies are golf, baseball, basketball and fishing.
Hobbies are golf, bridge, chess, travel and work.
Hobbies are golf, fishing and ham radio.
Hobbies are golf, hiking, and running.
Hobbies are golf, reading, weight lifting, and running.
Hobbies are good antidotes for daily pressures.
Hobbies are great for relieving stress.
Hobbies are Hunting ,Fishing and Harassing the Wife.
Hobbies are indeed a great thing.
Hobbies are lapsed obsessions.
Hobbies are limited to writing, reading and golf.
Hobbies are motorcycles, and old cars.
Hobbies are mountain climbing, history and collecting early woodworking tools.
Hobbies are movies, fishing, computers, arts, opera, aerobics, reading and jogging.
Hobbies are music and cars.
Hobbies are music, gardening, swimming, aerobics and hiking.
Hobbies are music, piano, reading, swimming, fishing and cooking.
Hobbies are music, weights, basketball and the beach.
Hobbies are paintball, marksmanship, amateur radio, and reading.
Hobbies are personal passions relegated to the edges of people's lives.
Hobbies are photography and stamp collecting.
Hobbies are photography, desktop publishing, train chasing, computers, and church work.
Hobbies are recreational activities.
Hobbies are relaxing, pool, and ping pong.
Hobbies are sanity preservers, for relaxation and creativity outside of homesteading.
Hobbies are softball, riding horses, and fishing.
Hobbies are sports and lifting weights.
Hobbies are sports, computers and cars.
Hobbies are Swimming, Rowing.
Hobbies are tennis, reading, and computer training.
Hobbies are tennis, the tea ceremony, music, swimming, traveling abroad, etc.
Hobbies are tennis, watching a game of baseball, a chat, and mail.
Hobbies are travel, travel and then some.
Hobbies are trout fishing and ocean fishing.
Hobbies are various - music, travels, good food.
Hobbies are video games and music.
Hobbies are video games and spending time with friends.
Hobbies are video games.
Hobbies are volleyball and track and field.
Hobbies are volleyball, spending time with family and friends, and reading the Bible.
Hobbies attract no interest.
Hobbies can also help direct a physician to a more individually appropriate career in medicine.
Hobbies can be a great way to deal with negative stress.
Hobbies can be dangerous too.
Hobbies can be especially relaxing.
Hobbies can be helpful.
Hobbies can be very rewarding and interesting.
Hobbies can include collecting rocks or baseball cards, playing sports, building model cars, etc.
Hobbies can include weaving, drumming, fencing, wrestling, boxing and performing on the stage.
Hobbies Click on any title for more information and to view the covers.
Hobbies Click on the links below for Hobbies information.
Hobbies consist of drawing, dancing, fishing, riding horses, anything that involves having fun.
Hobbies cost money , businesses make money .
Hobbies cost money, equipment and entrance fees are an essential part of leisure time activities.
Hobbies Create Gift Baskets How to create gift baskets with several different themes.
Hobbies Create, view and beam birth charts.
Hobbies daiwa,fox,shimano,compete setup rods reels bivie ect.
Hobbies ebb and flow.
Hobbies help reality.
Hobbies involve the whole family in church activities and boating.
Hobbies offer new challenges and a sense of accomplishment.
Hobbies play a decisive role in our lives.
Hobbies Play a little bit of keyboards and an even littler bit of guitar.
Hobbies Play guitar and soccer .
Hobbies Play piano and table tennis.
Hobbies provide a feeling of control and competency during times of stress.
Hobbies provide a great way to relax from the daily grind.
Hobbies Talk, talk and more talk.
Hobbies vary from tennis and golf to small-mouth bass fishing.
Hobby isa diversion.
Hobby isa recreation.
Hobbies often force the mind to build new mental patterns in order to accomplish certain tasks.
All hobbies have standards.
Any hobby can serve as the basis for a home business, including watching television.
Every hobby has a culture that grows up around it, colors it, and pervades it.
Every hobby has lingo.
Every hobby includes some tools of the trade.
Every hobby requires an outlay of funds.
Many hobbies are available even for people who are confined to their homes.
Many hobbies are represented - from word search puzzles to coin collecting.
Many hobbies can result in substantial exposures to lead.
Many hobbies require a big cash outlay up front.
Most hobbies help reality.
Most hobbies require some special equipment or supplies.
Most hobbies require special knowhow, and butterfly collecting is no exception.
Some hobbies are free.
Some hobbies are volleyball , badminton , hiking and horseback riding.
Some hobbies have a rich history or background.
Some hobbies make great strides.
Some hobbies make strides.
A hobbyist is an amateur
Hobbyists also find the plethora of varieties makes cichlids a welcome attraction in aquariums.
Hobbyists are amateurs.
Hobbyists are gregarious by nature and many amateur astronomers associated into local groups.
Hobbyists are people.
Hobbyists are smaller time, less interested in bloodlines and more focused on gambling.
Hobbyists breed purebred guinea pigs for shows, but pet stores usually sell cross-bred animals.
Hobbyists build and fly a wide variety of model rockets .
Hobbyists can create puzzles with pictures of friends or family.
Hobbyists can find premixed paint in authentic colors.
Hobbyists find important leads on items that belong in their collections.
Hobbyists have a more difficult time.
Hobbyists invariably regard cephalopods as extremely difficult to keep.
Hobbyists keep in touch through newsgroups and chat rooms.
Hobbyists like to get together with others of similar interests.
Hobbyists love it for detailing plastics, metal and wood.
Hobbyists love to talk about their hobby as much as they enjoy participating in it.
Hobbyists owning tropical or native fish sometimes release their unwanted pets into the wild.
Hobbyists say their combat is very safe.
Hobbyists seem a little mystified as to the origin of phosphates.
Hobbyists use a variety of chemicals that can cause problems for the treatment plant.
Hobbyists use the lake to sail their model sailboats.
Hobbyists write much of it.
Hobbyists always have parts and stuff from ancient times.
Any hobbyist can program a PC to do powerful encryption.
Every hobbyist sees things a bit differently and every coin promotes varying individual thoughts.
Many hobbyist utilize ultra violet filtration.
Many hobbyists accidently mix the two color phases up and hybrids exist on the market.
Many hobbyists concentrate on unique characteristics that are synonymous with a given celebrity.
Many hobbyists enjoy visiting museums to see collections.
Many hobbyists find that keeping up with the layout they've built at home can be quite a chore.
Many hobbyists find the hanging drop-style bottles most satisfactory.
Many hobbyists keep their fishrooms in their basements.
Many hobbyists start with black mollies to get the tanks nitrifying cycle started.
More hobbyists start a restoration project than actually finish it.
Most hobbyists enjoy doing both.
Most hobbyists have only one aquarium or pond.
Most hobbyists have the opposite problem and want to eradicate the snails.
Some hobbyists are really good at it.
Some hobbyists are willing to take their chances with crashes and warranty problems.
Some hobbyists say that the yield is greater and the culture lasts longer.
Some hobbyists show their pigeons in competitions, similar to dog shows.
Some hobbyists soak their foods in vitamin supplements before feeding.
Some hobbyists use commercial pelleted slow-release fertilizer with good results.
Hobcaw soils have an umbric epipedon.
A hobgoblin is evil spirit
Hobgoblin provides a way to simplify it all.
Hobgoblins are generally good and friendly, but do have the potential for mischief.
Hobgoblins die hard.
Hobgoblins have the advantage of being cheap.
Hobgoblins possess greenish skin tones, sharp teeth, and dark, beady eyes.
Some hobgoblins take to the skies mounted on giant cicadas.
Hobie owner tries to decide.
Hobnails are back in stock.
A hobo is a vagabond
Hoboes are people who hitch rides on freight trains.
Hobos are located in bridges.
Hobos desire pie.
Hobos tend to stay near the floor and when they enter a room they follow the baseboard.
Most hobos lead the lives they do by choice.
Some hobos now communicate via cellular phones and e-mail.
A hock is white wine
Hocks are a little turned in.
Hocks are joints.
Hocks are part of hind legs.
Hocks are part of ungulates.
Hocks are short and well angulated, perpendicular from hock to ground.
Hocks are strong, moderately let down with sufficient bend.
Hocks are well bent, set close to the ground but when viewed from the rear appear straight.
Hocks are well defined.
Hocks are well let-down and parallel to each other when viewed from the rear.
Hocks move freely with driving action, head carried high.
Hocks require lameness prevention and maintenance care during shoeing.
Hocks turn neither in nor out.
Hocks well let down and powerful.
Hocks well let down and straight when viewed from behind.
Hocks well let down and straight when viewed from the rear.
Hocks well let down and viewed from behind, stand square.
Hocks well let down and well bent.
Hocks well let down with good angulation.
Hocks well let down, bent and squarely set.
Hocks well let down, broad and muscled.
Hocks well let down, cowhocks highly undesirable.
Hocks well let down, inclining neither in nor out when viewed from the rear.
Hocks well let down, inclining neither in nor out.
Hocks well let down, parallel with each other when viewed from behind.
Hocks well let down, set wide apart, strongly bent.
Hocks well let down, straight when viewed from rear, neither turning in nor out.
Hocks well let down, upright and parallel when viewed from rear.
Hocks well let-down and powerful.
Hockey balls travel fast, and there are many critical organs to protect.
Hockey dads can carry guns to the rink.
Hockey equipment is required to play.
Hockey gear is really important.
Hockey gloves are everywhere.
Hockey goalies coaching books conditioning methods Read the hockey game.
Hockey goalies have one of the most challenging occupations on the planet.
Many hockey goalies find the transition to be more like hockey than field lacrosse.
Hockey moms continue to help develop their own local teams and programs.
Hockey news is buried on the back page.
Hockey pants keep players upper part of there legs safe.
Hockey pants work too.
Hockey players lose fluid.
Hockey players move arms.
A hockey puck is a disk
Hockey pucks are black.
Hockey pucks are disks.
Hockey pucks are hard disks of rubber that are used to play ice hockey.
Hockey pucks are located in hockeys.
Hockey pucks are located in ice rinks.
Hockey pucks are located in net.
Hockey pucks are sports equipment.
Hockey pucks are used for kill.
Hockey pucks are used for passing.
Hockey pucks are used for shooting.
Hockey pucks is all they're good for.
Many hockey pucks suggest rude hence direct, until news improve whomever.
Hockey scores are never a part of the local sports reports.
A hockey skate is an ice skate
Hockey skates are available for ground shipping only.
Hockey skates are ice skates.
Hockey skates have a longer radius for more speed.
Most hockey skates look like ice skates.
A hockey stick is a stick
Hockey sticks are hook-shaped with a flat side and a rounded side.
Hockey sticks are located in toy stores.
Hockey sticks are optional.
Hockey sticks are sticks.
Hockey sticks have features.
Hockey sticks have several different features.
Hockey sticks have several features.
Hockey sticks make it so players can controll the puck.
Many hockey sticks give tired otherwise seasonal, hence nature choose any.
Most hockey sticks have features.
Most hockey sticks have several different features.
Most hockey sticks have several features.
Some hockey sticks have components.
A hockey team is a team
Hockey teams are a business.
Hockey teams are sports teams.
Hockey teams are teams.
Hockey teams can only have six players on the ice at one time.
Hockey teams consist of members.
Hockey teams face several different opponents from varied locales during the season.
Every hockey team has one captain and two assistant captains.
Most hockey teams consist of members.
A hockey is an outdoor game
Hockey also gives people an excuse to band together and create a subculture.
Hockey can be a brutal game.
Hockey can be a cruel business.
Hockey can be a lot of fun.
Hockey can be an expensive sport.
Hockey can be one of the fastest sports.
Hockey can kindle the flame of passion and arise that excitement that only few other team sports do.
Hockey does have the dirtist, though.
Hockey draws the kind of young viewers that advertisers covet.
Hockey ends here for now with everything in flux, with questions all over the ice and beyond.
Hockey enters the world of big-league sports.
Hockey faces a tough time dealing with a Great Depression and the threat of a world war.
Hockey fights cancer.
Hockey gets more exposure in Canada.
Hockey has a good reputation for being rough.
Hockey has a lot of physical contact and there is fighting, which is condoned to a degree.
Hockey has a rich and colorful history that rivals the history of any other sport.
Hockey has about five players on the playing feild at a time.
Hockey has an uncertain future in Montreal.
Hockey has cool equipment.
Hockey has many rules.
Hockey has more life time values than any other sport.
Hockey has to be a fun experience for all involved in hockey, including officials.
Hockey Here are the statistics for five top scorers for their respective teams.
Hockey here is still a family thing and it's a family event.
Hockey is a beautiful sport to watch.
Hockey is a beautiful sport when it is played the way it's supposed to be played.
Hockey is a big deal there now.
Hockey is a business, but it is a business that involves people.
Hockey is a challenging game riddled with precise movements.
Hockey is a collision sport, so with that in mind, protective gear is required.
Hockey is a complicated game, but the goaltending numbers tell a simple story.
Hockey is a contact sport, so there is nothing wrong about playing physically.
Hockey is a contact sport.
Hockey is a continuous learning experience.
Hockey is a 'core sport' at the club.
Hockey is a cycle, like a turning wheel.
Hockey is a difficult job.
Hockey is a emotional game.
Hockey is a fast and physical sport, which lends itself to action the fans love.
Hockey is a fast game, one with a lot of body contact and hitting.
Hockey is a fast-paced team sport that requires skill, strength and endurance.
Hockey is a fast-paced, competitive game.
Hockey is a fast-paced, exciting sport.
Hockey is a force of nature.
Hockey is a fun sport to watch and play.
Hockey is a fun sport.
Hockey is a game in which an object is struck to move it, much like soccer.
Hockey is a game of brawn and beauty.
Hockey is a game of great skill.
Hockey is a game of inches and it was definitely like that tonight.
Hockey is a game of mistakes.
Hockey is a game of momentum.
Hockey is a game of odd-man situations.
Hockey is a game of speed and skill.
Hockey is a game of tradition.
Hockey is a game played by six good players and the home team.
Hockey is a game that can be enjoyed by all.
Hockey is a game that's driven by passion and emotion, from start to finish.
Hockey is a game.
Hockey is a good looking and hard-checking sport,so far everything is alright.
Hockey is a great game.
Hockey is a great sport, perhaps one of the most difficult there is to learn.
Hockey is a great sport.
Hockey is a great way to escape from the desert life.
Hockey is a hard game to quantify.
Hockey is a high-speed game that has tremendous hitting.
Hockey is a joy.
Hockey is a lifestyle for our family.
Hockey is a live online fantasy hockey game.
Hockey is a minority sport in New Jersey, as it is in most places where sunscreen is used.
Hockey is a non-physical contact stick and ball game played by two squads of up to sixteen players .
Hockey is a part of our culture and heritage.
Hockey is a physical game.
Hockey is a physical, emotional game that becomes more physical and emotional as teams get familiar.
Hockey is a popular sport in Canada .
Hockey is a prime choice.
Hockey is a progressive sport.
Hockey is a religion there.
Hockey is a rough, aggressive game.
Hockey is a simple game.
Hockey is a slippery game, played on ice.
Hockey is a small circle, and it's a close-knit circle, too.
Hockey is a sport almost every one enjoys.
Hockey is a sport for white men.
Hockey is a sport of momentum.
Hockey is a sport played with the heart - and for the heart.
Hockey is a sport.
Hockey is a team game, but sometimes one individual or one line can totally dominate it.
Hockey is a team game.
Hockey is a team sport.
Hockey is a territorial game much like football.
Hockey is a tool for life.
Hockey is a tough sport and that was the way it was meant to be played.
Hockey is a traditionally strong sport at the school.
Hockey is a true international sport.
Hockey is a unique game, in that it often ends in a tie.
Hockey is a very dramatic sport.
Hockey is a very rough, fast-paced game that comes with all kinds of actions.
Hockey is a very, very emotional game and people snap all the time.
Hockey is a winter sport and many girls try out for a place in our hockey team.
Hockey is about emotion.
Hockey is about getting the puck past the goalie.
Hockey is addictive.
Hockey is alive and well in Central Texas.
Hockey is also a tough game to get into as a kid.
Hockey is an exciting sport.
Hockey is an expensive proposition.
Hockey is an expensive sport to play, with full equipment packages costing hundreds of dollars.
Hockey is an expensive sport.
Hockey is an extremely physical sport.
Hockey is an incredible sport and does great things for kids.
Hockey is an intense, exhilarating sport, and it carries with it increased dangers.
Hockey is another influence on our youth today.
Hockey is another prime example of how non-calls can affect the game.
Hockey is anything but slow.
Hockey is as an integral part of Native culture a a pow pow, buckskins, beads or braids .
Hockey is available through local municipal arecreation departments.
Hockey is back in Atlanta.
Hockey is back in the state of Minnesota.
Hockey is believed to date from the earliest civilizations.
Hockey is brutal and that's just the nature of the game.
Hockey is by far the best sport.
Hockey is by far the most underappreciated of the major professional sports.
Hockey is Canada's game and for years the nation's stars dominated the sport.
Hockey is Canada's passion.
Hockey is Canadian.
Hockey is cancelled for the rest of the summer.
Hockey is considered tops with many among body contact sports.
Hockey is different.
Hockey is divided into leagues according to ability.
Hockey is everywhere.
Hockey is exciting.
Hockey is fabulous.
Hockey is fast, it's loud, it's exciting.
Hockey is fun with or without brawls.
Hockey is fun, too.
Hockey is fun.
Hockey is hockey but the systems are a little different.
Hockey is hockey.
Hockey is home, too.
Hockey is in our blood.
Hockey is in right now in Denver but stay tuned.
Hockey is just a game that encourages violence and has really no point.
Hockey is just a special sport.
Hockey is known as a hard-hitting, collision sport.
Hockey is learned by moving.
Hockey is life.
Hockey is like religion up here.
Hockey is made for television.
Hockey is more affordable than people think.
Hockey is never going to be big in the states, it's time to realize that.
Hockey is nothing more than a war where people keep score.
Hockey is now a business, nothing more.
Hockey is now a business.
Hockey is one of our favourite sports in Thunder Bay.
Hockey is one of the oldest sports played in North America.
Hockey is one of the sport where players practice least their shots.
Hockey is one sport where players least practice their shots.
Hockey is only available as a PC only version at the moment.
Hockey is only one of the sports that has deteriorated into a game of spending money.
Hockey is our favorite sport, to watch.
Hockey is our national game.
Hockey is our religion and our life.
Hockey is our sport.
Hockey is part of our culture and our daily lives.
Hockey is played by both men and women at the Olympic games , and at world championships .
Hockey is played by both men and women at the Olympic games, and at world championships.
Hockey is played by kids in basements and on streets and on frozen ponds.
Hockey is played like the game normally is, with a scoreboard going and a clock running.
Hockey is played much different than any other sport in the industry.
Hockey is played on ice and soccer, well, is just soccer.
Hockey is played throughout New Zealand and has become a very strong and popular sport.
Hockey is played within the confines of wood, steel and plastic barriers.
Hockey is probably one of the most popular winter sports.
Hockey is recognised as the school's primary sport.
Hockey is religion up North.
Hockey is so big.
Hockey is something of a birthright here.
Hockey is still a minority sport in most U.S. cities.
Hockey is such a good, clean family sport, anyway.
Hockey is such a strange game.
Hockey is supposed to be more up beat and current music, That is what gets people in to the game.
Hockey is supposed to be played five on five.
Hockey is the best sport in the world, and when two teams are rivals that really come out.
Hockey is the best sport invented.
Hockey is the country's national passion.
Hockey is the easiest sport to call.
Hockey is the fastest growing sport in North America.
Hockey is the fastest team game in the world, and to many the greatest.
Hockey is the fastest team game in the world.
Hockey is the greatest game on earth.
Hockey is the greatest sport in the world.
Hockey is the greatest sport of all.
Hockey is the hardest game to figure out sometimes.
Hockey is the language of politics.
Hockey is the major sport here.
Hockey is the most beautiful team sport that there is.
Hockey is the most important thing right now.
Hockey is the most popular sport in Canada.
Hockey is the national sport.
Hockey is the people s opiate in Canada.
Hockey is the quickest way to a Canadian boy's heart.
Hockey is the ultimate team sport.
Hockey is the world's fastest game, which means things are constantly changing.
Hockey is tomorrow night.
Hockey is unique and so are the boys and girls who choose to play it.
Hockey is usually the sport that generally is seen as the most violent sport.
Hockey is very much the prominent factor.
Hockey is very rough on the back.
Hockey is, after all, a game.
Hockey isa game.
Hockey lives here.
Hockey needs to deliver bigger audiences.
Hockey permits a high degree of physical contact called checking.
Hockey plays a big role at Six Nations.
Hockey provides a perfect analogy.
Hockey quizzes and polls dot the site.
Hockey reflects the violence in our society.
Hockey requires a lot of stamina for skating back and forth, and skill for passing and shooting.
Hockey requires speed as well as upper and lower body strength.
Hockey rules the rinks.
Hockey takes an array of equipment, an ice rink and usually a team.
Hockey takes over as the principal game.
Hockey winds down towards the playoffs.
Hockeys are games.
Hockeys are located in sporting events.
Hockeys are sport games.
Hockeys are sports.
Hockeys are team sports.
Hockeys have (part) regulation time.
Hockeys have (part) second periods.
Hockey often is seen by parents as boring and overly violent.
More hockey links Links to other hockey sites.
Some hockey is better than no hockey.
A hod is a box
HOD makes more sense now.
Hods are boxs.
HOD usually shows up as an acute lameness, often seeming to affect all four legs simultaneously.
Hodes also points out the relative infancy of online job advertising.
Hodes distributes technology and consoidates information.
Hodes has plenty of experience practicing under such conditions.
Hoe drills are similar to double disc press drills with better penetration characteristics.
Hoe drills give better penetration than double disc drills in firm soils.
Hoe flakes are material that was removed from the hoe but still retains the distinctive sheen.
Hoe handles are part of hoes.
A hoe is a tool
Hoe isa tool.
Hoes are food.
Hoes are hand-made tools.
Hoes are tools.
Hoes have (part) hoe handles.
Hoes have (part) sections.
Hoes make the world go 'round.
Hoes play the game for real bread and meat and they deserve respect.
Hoes tend to be the shells of river mussels.
All hoes are in alphabetical order.
A hoecake is a cornbread
Hoecakes are very good and simple to make.
Hoffman name is based on profession, trades occupations.
Hog Creek can be a congested area with frequent power boat traffic.
Hog deer have antlers.
Hog deer have brown coats.
Hog deer have coats.
Most hog deer have antlers.
Most hog deer have brown coats.
Most hog deer have coats.
Hog farms have houses.
Most hog farms flush their waste into lined but open air lagoons.
Most hog farms have houses.
Hog Island serves as the program base of operations.
A hog is a lamb
Hog isa ungulate.
Hogs account for the largest livestock production in the county, followed closely by cattle.
Hogs also love dense cover, which is typically associated with moist, wet areas.
Hogs also make a very significant contribution to the world of industrial and consumer products.
Hogs are a formidable game with gun, bow, primitive firearm or hand gun.
Hogs are a major contributor to Indiana cash farm receipts.
Hogs are destructive.
Hogs are efficient growers.
Hogs are efficient predators and have an acute sense of smell.
Hogs are expensive to raise.
Hogs are extremely intelligent animals with a keen sense of smell.
Hogs are important too, along with lamb, maple syrup and honey production.
Hogs are lambs.
Hogs are most sensitive to vomitoxin, even at one part per million contamination of hog feed.
Hogs are much trickier to clone for a variety of biological reasons.
Hogs are power producers that go after all they can get no matter who gets hurt.
Hogs are smaller than deer, but they are easier to catch.
Hogs are smart animals.
Hogs are swine.
Hogs are the agricultural product.
Hogs are the main agricultural product in the county.
Hogs are very aggressive, very vocal.
Hogs are very aware of changes in the environment and are sensitive to change.
Hogs are very susceptible to diseases.
Hogs are very tough and can be very agressive when cornered or wounded or protecting their young.
Hogs being raised for market are unchanged from a year ago.
Hogs can be the same way.
Hogs can handle both cold and hot weather.
Hogs carry diseases.
Hogs cause considerable damage.
Hogs cause damage.
Hogs come in different colors.
Hogs come into contact.
Hogs consume plants.
Hogs do that too.
Hogs drink from wall spout.
Hogs drop fifth game of the season .
Hogs eat a lot, and pass a lot of excreta, with high ammonia content.
Hogs eat anything from grain to carrion.
Hogs eliminate as much waste as humans.
Hogs excrete about four times the wastes that humans do.
Hogs finally whip someone like normal .
Hogs forage in fields.
Hogs generate two to five times the bodily waste of humans.
Hogs go into heat.
Hogs have (part) brains.
Hogs have (part) breasts.
Hogs have (part) cannon bones.
Hogs have (part) cell membranes.
Hogs have (part) cells.
Hogs have (part) chest cavities.
Hogs have (part) chests.
Hogs have (part) corpi.
Hogs have (part) cytoplasm.
Hogs have (part) ears.
Hogs have (part) faces.
Hogs have (part) heads.
Hogs have (part) hip sockets.
Hogs have (part) hoofs.
Hogs have (part) nuclei.
Hogs have (part) piluses.
Hogs have (part) plasma membranes.
Hogs have (part) pork.
Hogs have (part) rib cages.
Hogs have (part) sections.
Hogs have (part) skulls.
Hogs have (part) sterna.
Hogs have (part) vacuoles.
Hogs have diets.
Hogs have four continually growing tusks, two in each jaw.
Hogs have four toes on each foot.
Hogs have high potential.
Hogs have high reproductive potential.
Hogs have omnivorous diets.
Hogs have poor eyesight, but a keep sense of smell and hearing.
Hogs have potential.
Hogs have reproductive potential.
Hogs have senses.
Hogs have small eyes and poor eyesight.
Hogs have thick skin and no sweat glands to serve as a cooling system.
Hogs indirectly pose a threat to adult deer populations as well.
Hogs inhabit habitats.
Hogs inhabit most areas of the ranches due to the numerous spring fed canyons.
Hogs inhabit ranges.
Hogs like to eat, and they have no sweat glands, so they are typically found near food and water.
Hogs look like guinea pigs.
Hogs look like pigs.
Hogs make fearful racket.
Hogs make noise.
Hogs make noises just like other animals.
Hogs make racket.
Hogs possess shoulders.
Hogs possess stomachs.
Hogs produce two to four times as much waste as humans.
Hogs produce two to four times the waste of a human.
Hogs require nutrients.
Hogs root it from the trough, And serve it right enough.
Hogs run out all time.
Hogs seem to prefer acorns over grain and other baits.
Hogs stand near a tractor trailer after they are freed from the wreck.
Hogs stink .
Hogs sustain the state's economy.
Hogs take delight in the cornfields of Iowa.
Hogs use grunts.
Hogs often use their snouts to dig for vegetable roots, one of their favorite foods.
All hogs are porcine creatures.
Most hogs carry diseases.
Most hogs cause considerable damage.
Most hogs cause damage.
Most hogs come into contact.
Most hogs go into heat.
Most hogs have diets.
Most hogs have high potential.
Most hogs have high reproductive potential.
Most hogs have omnivorous diets.
Most hogs have potential.
Most hogs have reproductive potential.
Most hogs have senses.
Most hogs look like guinea pigs.
Most hogs look like pigs.
Most hogs make fearful racket.
Most hogs make noise.
Most hogs make racket.
Most hogs require nutrients.
Some hogs are descended from boars.
Some hogs become efficient predators.
Some hogs become predators.
Some hogs carry bacteria.
Some hogs compete with livestock.
Some hogs display same symptoms.
Some hogs feed at nights.
Some hogs feed on grass.
Some hogs feed on roots.
Some hogs feed on seeds.
Some hogs feed on tree seeds.
Some hogs have procedures.
Some hogs prey on fawns.
Some hogs reach maturity.
Some hogs reach sexual maturity.
A hogan is a home
Hogan also focuses on the failures to predict the future of technology.
Hogan also is available to help with repairs on existing furniture.
Hogan asserts that, following the reseating of the jurors, the process begins anew.
Hogan believes there is time enough to learn basic skills in later courses.
Hogan blades again.
Hogan bleeds too.
Hogan can play the organ, keyboard, drums and bass.
Hogan concedes, though, that medication coverage for seniors is a compelling issue in Michigan.
Hogan continues to deny any wrongdoing in the case.
Hogan creates a spiral of real emotion in an evening dominated by a certain arch aloofness.
Hogan describes concepts in an easy and sometimes humorous manner.
Hogan deserves some credit for self-parody.
Hogan dispells many myths in a scientific and common sense manner.
Hogan does the honorable thing stepping aside for a similarly-patterned clone.
Hogan drops the leg twice.
Hogan emphasizes the embeddedness of humans within nature.
Hogan expects little immediate effect from the power shift over the next three to six months.
Hogan expects the jobs numbers to provide some a direction as to where the market is going to go.
Hogan explains Hogan.
Hogan explores the latter argument.
Hogan faces the death penalty if convicted.
Hogan has a high school degree and significant managerial work experience.
Hogan has trouble earlier sliding the tables into the ring.
Hogan holds the school record for most scores off of short corners.
Hogan is a Chickasaw poet, novelist and essayist.
Hogan is a dead set comic genius.
Hogan is a graduate of the community college.
Hogan is a hero at home.
Hogan is a joke, even as a wrestler.
Hogan is a likable bloke with dark-tanned, crocodile skin.
Hogan is a master craftsman, quiet, gentle, with a positive uplifting humor.
Hogan is a poet who learned the hard way about the saving power of poetry.
Hogan is a prophet.
Hogan is a real fan, and it shows.
Hogan is accused of pulling the trigger.
Hogan is also leery of the liability created by trucking trash elsewhere.
Hogan is currently executive director of medical affairs development.
