Some corporations mix both concepts.
Some corporations move cattle.
Some corporations never learn.
Some corporations provide links to other web sites that provide additional information to the user.
Some corporations provide their own inhouse security training with contract consultants.
Some corporations provide tuition reimbursement.
Some corporations raise cattle.
Some corporations reap in profits equaling more than the national budget of some poor nations.
Some corporations recruit law graduates into their management training programs.
Some corporations say the solution lies with biotechnology.
Some corporations scan outgoing e-mail for sensitive documents, while others monitor Web site use.
Some corporations seek to maximize their profit by reducing the quality of their products.
Some corporations sell bison.
Some corporations spend thousands of dollars every year purchasing preprinted forms.
Some corporations still operate that way, but they are regarded as dinosaurs.
Some corporations support colonies.
Some corporations support former colonies.
Some corporations support former west african colonies.
Some corporations support west african colonies.
Some corporations use materials.
Some corporations use recycle materials.
Some corporations wish to outsource all of their immigration matters to one firm.
A corporatism is control
Corporatism is fascism with a human face.
Corporatism is really nothing more than corporate communism.
Corporatist mentality rules the university.
A corporatist is an advocate
Corporatists put profit first and sovereignty last.
Corporative training offers programs in a number of forms.
Corporatized media is bland, fearful, profit-centered.
Any corporeal creature can imbibe a potion.
Any corporeal creature can use an oil.
Corporeal property is that which can be perceived and is tangible.
All corporeal properties are reducible to modes of local motion.
Corporeal things are either movable or immovable.
Corporeal vision is a supernatural manifestation of an object to the eyes of the body.
Corps commanders can similarly reach division commanders, who can reach their maneuver commanders.
Corps is a force
Corps is bodies.
Corps ordonn de nombres r els.
Corps plan and conduct major operations and battles.
Corpses are a ready source of nourishment for young werewolves.
Corpses are more fit to be cast out than dung.
Corpses come alive on a Caribbean island.
Corpses form the foundation of their relationship.
Corpses is the one.
Corpses look pale too, though.
A corpse is a body
Corpses are brittle.
Corpses are commerce.
Corpses are located in funerals.
Corpses are located in graves.
Corpses are located in war.
Corpses are more fit to be cast out than dung.
Corpses are more fit to be thrown away than dung.
Corpses are organic matter.
Corpses can get freezer burn.
Corpses come alive on a Caribbean island.
Corpses now decay much more quickly when they are empty.
Corpses rot live to die.
Corpses walk the streets in search of the living.
Corptax experience is a plus.
Corpulence is a property
Corpulence makes a man reasonable, pleasant and phlegmatic.
Corpus callosotomy can also keep seizures from spreading to other areas of the brain.
A corpus is a collection
Corpus isa entity.
Corpus loves to play on specialty teams.
Corpus refers to the haunting assemblage of figures and crosses on the cemetery grounds.
Corpus secretes significant amounts of progesterone .
Corpuses are collections.
Corpuses are conceptual work.
Corpuses are part of body parts.
Corpuses are parts.
A corpuscle is a material
Corpuscles have a variety of different functions.
Corral Creek is a top example.
Corral Creek is located in the Scout Mountain area.
Corral posts delineate the lanes at the bottoms of our chairlifts .
Corral traps are the most effective type of trap for catching large groups of pigs.
Corral traps require more setup time than box and cage traps.
Corral traps require more setup time, but the potential capture rates are much higher.
A corral is a pen
Corrals are also available for riders bringing in their own mounts.
Corrals are available for horses.
Corrals are available.
Corrals are new.
Corrals are pens.
Corrals are straight ahead and beside the creek.
Corrales has a much better punch.
Corrales is angry about two situations that have occurred in the past year.
Corrales is such a freak of nature as a jr. lightweight.
Corrales is too easy to hit.
Corrales is too much of a stand up fighter and easier to hit.
Corrales takes a better punch and is stronger.
Corralloid roots are formed soon after the primary root.
Corrasable paper is unacceptable.
Correct action bears fruits unimaginable in quantity and quality.
Correct alignment is absolutely essential for satisfactory pump life.
Correct alignment is critical for optical quality.
Correct alignment is stressed throughout class.
Correct answer gets extra credit.
Correct answer is in blue , number of correct responses is in bold italics.
Correct answer means wisdom.
Correct answers allow students to move and to collect all five artifacts.
Correct answers appear here.
Correct answers appear in bold.
Correct answers appear in red.
Correct answers are accumulative over the three rounds.
Correct answers are available at the end of the test.
Correct answers are available for each question.
Correct answers are below.
Correct answers are important, but complete answers and all intermediate steps are more important.
Correct answers are important, but valid reasoning is even more important.
Correct answers are in red .
Correct answers are in red, underlined in the multiple choice ones.
Correct answers are in red.
Correct answers connect the celebrity to another well-known cultural icon in six moves.
Correct answers continue the story.
Correct answers count as singles, doubles, and homeruns.
Correct answers earn money, incorrect answers lose money.
Correct answers earn points, and play passes to the next team.
Correct answers follow the quiz.
Correct answers follow.
Correct answers form a design.
Correct answers gain points and winning teams get higher marks.
Correct answers gain the player one space ahead, or a jump to another color or place.
Correct answers help to reveal a picture.
Correct answers lead to keys, which can be used to unlock doors behind which clues can be found.
Correct answers lead to the capture of a renegade depicted as a colorful character.
Correct answers move the boat forward.
Correct answers pick a route through a maze.
Correct answers produce hits that lead to runs.
Correct answers progress the contestant towards their quota.
Correct answers provide pieces of a puzzle.
Correct answers qualify children to move on to a new set of challenging words.
Correct answers require experience and experience invariably involves incorrect answers.
Correct answers result in a single, double, triple or home run, depending on difficulty level.
Correct answers result in significant bonus points added to the total score.
Correct answers result in the accumulation of money.
Correct answers score a basket.
Correct answers score the number of people who provided that answer.
Correct answers show a basketball player making baskets.
Correct answers tend to be much longer or much shorter than incorrect answers.
Correct answers win points, wrong answers lose points.
All correct answers are A as shown here.
All correct answers are the second choice.
All correct answers are very short.
All correct answers go into the drawing for the grand prize.
Every correct answer earns the player points.
Every correct answer gives a player a chance at the money wheel.
Every correct answer has a point value.
Every correct answer is rewarded with a sound.
Every correct answer is worth one point.
Every correct answer reveals a piece of a hidden picture.
Every correct answer reveals on piece of the puzzle.
Most correct answers win.
Correct application is essential to avoid potential problems.
Correct application is important.
Correct application is vital for product effectiveness.
Correct application requires a full understanding of the materials.
Correct application takes time.
Correct approaches are necessary to move the peace process forward.
Correct autotomy is thought to be required for posterior regeneration.
Correct balance is where it begins.
Correct behavior is to leave it there.
Correct belief is also non-sectarian.
Correct belief is insufficient, however.
Correct billing is one example for such a common requirement.
Correct breath comes out warm and gently.
Correct breathing can also be of benefit in other fields such as singing, dance and speaking.
Correct breathing engages the diaphragm.
Correct breathing establishes an equilibrium between positive and negative currents.
Correct breathing is a rather complicated process.
Correct breathing is also a vital part of yoga.
Correct breathing is an integral part of yoga and useful for stress reduction too.
Correct breathing is essential.
Correct breathing is practiced and observed before meditation and asanas.
Correct calibration is of utmost importance.
Correct caller wins daily prize.
Correct care is paramount.
Correct care pays off in better looking rhododendrons and azaleas.
Correct change is appreciated.
Correct change is required.
Correct choice earns the card, and the player with the most cards wins.
Correct choices help ensure the long-term growth, regeneration and health of the forest.
Correct choices make it into the pocket.
All correct choices are available as alternatives on the screen.
Correct citations are necessary.
Correct classification is fundamental if the right treatment is to be implemented.
Correct code using mkstemp includes the source to ed or mail .
Correct cognition is based on direct perception, valid inference and verbal testimony.
Correct color is near black.
Correct colors depend on good lighting.
Correct computation is a critical factor in designing models and in purchasing materials.
Correct concentration is crucial.
Correct conformation goes a long way in preserving soundness in any discipline.
Correct conformation is of more importance than colour or other purely 'beauty' points.
Correct conformation is of more importance than colour or purely 'beauty' points.
Correct conformity is proven by completing the correct check list.
Correct course is easy to de- termine.
Correct course is easy to determine.
Correct cover enables the two materials to bond and work together.
Correct dates are below.
Correct dates are key to successful telefiled reports.
Correct data is essential to most modern businesses.
Correct data is put in the queue for processing by the list managers in the next update.
Correct data is written in order to the output file.
Correct delegation is their key to success.
Correct design is crucial to settling basins operating effectively.
Correct designation is critical.
Correct diagnosis begins with awareness of the signs discussed above.
Correct diagnosis can prevent progressive deformity.
Correct diagnosis is as important to good economic policy as it is to effective medical treatment.
Correct diagnosis is crucial.
Correct diagnosis is essential for effective pest and disease control.
Correct diagnosis is essential in responding to crises in the dry lands of the world.
Correct diagnosis is essential to appropriate treatment.
Correct diagnosis is imperative if the treatment is to be of value.
Correct diagnosis is important using appropriate blood tests and imaging studies.
Correct diagnosis is important.
Correct diagnosis is more important than ongoing care.
Correct diagnosis is the key to optimal treatment of neuromuscular diseases.
Correct diagnosis is the primary challenge to the physician.
Correct diagnosis is thus extremely difficult but critical.
Correct diagnosis is vital.
Correct diagnosis remains the primary foundation for developing a rational treatment plan.
Correct doctrine is important, very important.
Correct doctrine is in keeping with that of the apostles.
Correct dosage is also key.
Correct dosage is based on several factors.
Correct education is the foundation of when to suspect either entity.
Correct encoding requires the start of the tracks to be encoded correctly.
Correct entries are eligible for a prize drawing.
Correct enunciation is vital if a child is to learn how to spell by syllables.
Correct estimates are difficult because of the nomadic lifestyle they live.
Correct exercise is requisite to successful pain relief and pain control.
Correct explanations include facts.
Correct exposure is admittedly, a little trickier with backlit subjects.
Correct exposure is also a contributing factor as to the look and quality of an image.
Correct exposure is also much more critical with color slide films.
Correct exposure is tested by acquiring the image and inspoecting the histogram.
Correct fees are the responsibility of the entering school.
Correct filing is vital to prompt service of process.
Correct fit is critical.
Correct fit is essential to ensure adequate protection.
Correct fit is essential to obtain adequate protection.
Correct fit is essential.
Correct fit is very important.
Correct fitting is also very important.
Correct fluid is determined by the type of gear being used.
Correct form allows the muscles to work most effectively.
Correct form is especially important in karate.
Correct form is imperative.
Correct formula is used.
Correct grammar is always a good idea.
Correct grammar is essential.
Correct grammar is just as valuable as correct spelling.
Correct grammar is modeled by the teachers.
Correct grammar is required.
Correct grammar is stressed with emphasis on verbs.
Correct grounding is important.
Correct guesses allow the player to get rid of the relevant passenger card.
Correct guesses appear in the text box to the right.
Most correct guesses win.
Correct guessers get points, incorrect guessers get nothing.
Correct guidance is an unavoidable requisite in the path of Yoga.
Correct heat is important in making risotto.
Correct hyphenation is one of the trickiest and most time-consuming tasks a writer or editor faces.
Correct ideas are immortal.
Correct identification allows the correct control measures for the specific insect.
Correct identification can be difficult.
Correct identification is critical to developing a control strategy.
Correct identification is crucial.
Correct identification is fundamental to weed management.
Correct identification is important for the doctor to execute remedial measures.
Correct identification is important.
Correct identification is the essential first step for any weed control program.
Correct identification is the first step when a nematode problem is suspected.
Correct identification is the key to find other information.
Correct identification requires close inspection of the winglike valves surrounding the achene.
Correct identifications can be tricky.
Correct indentation is absolutely essential here.
Correct inflation is crucial .
Correct information allows for clear, concise and honest answers.
Correct information is displayed for underfilled positions.
Correct information is essential for good co-ordination of care.
Correct information is the key to successful dispatch operations.
More correct information is better than less incorrect information.
Correct installation can be very difficult.
Correct installation ensures proper positioning of the light source.
Correct installation is crucial.
Correct installation is essential for proper function of the seat.
Correct instruction is a command of the hour.
Correct instructions are just as important as having a good design.
Correct interpretation requires understanding of the data collection methodology.
Correct inversion is unlikely to appear.
Correct joints is the key.
Correct language leads to no misinterpretations and is essential in getting the true meaning across.
Correct laws have to demand the same.
Correct legs produce stable movement, with the horse staying balanced in all gaits.
Correct letters appear in black.
Correct letters are black, incorrect letters are red.
Correct light is important for proper plant growth.
Correct lighting is a necessity for good video shoots.
Correct lighting is as important as a low vision aid.
Correct lighting is important for subsequent digitization of recorded images.
Correct limits allow the user to separate probable noise from potential signals.
Correct line is above.
Correct maintenance is important.
Correct management can enhance the value of a resource over time.
Correct marketing is essential for a business to grow and expand.
Correct matches generate an animated sequence of the real-life reaction.
Correct matches make the tiles disappear.
Correct measurements contribute to successful recipes.
Correct measurements rely on the knowledge of the velocity of the atoms.
Correct meditation takes place through that clot.
Correct metadata is the key to a good data warehouse implementation.
Correct methods are important, but they are no substitute for prayer.
Correct moisture is critical for healthy, thriving plants.
Correct moisture is required for good feed.
Correct motion is simply a scull.
Correct movement is essential.
Correct neutralisation makes a world of difference.
Correct notation is important.
Correct nourishment is essential.
Correct observation is that more than one body is present.
Correct operation is dependent on the user's application and the underlying database.
Correct operation is verified by an audible click and a flashing light.
Correct operation is verified by an audible click and flashing light with each pulse.
Correct operation is verified by an audible click with each pulse.
Correct operation requires that all components illustrated in the overview be operating correctly.
Correct orientation seems to require input from both eyes via the tectums on each side of the brain.
Correct oscillator nulling is very important for full control voltage range.
Correct output is obtained for all nonerroneous inputs and for likely errors.
Correct output is obtained for all possible inputs.
Correct output is obtained for at least one test case.
Correct output is obtained for difficult test cases.
Correct output is obtained for typical test cases.
Correct placement allows a wafer carrier to sit properly on a load port, enabling wafer processing.
Correct placement allows the sleeve to move back and forth freely.
Correct placement is a key to the successful study of mathematics.
Correct placement is essential for success in language courses.
Correct placement puts the brick into the wall, errors return the brick to the beginning.
Correct planting takes more effort than sim-ply digging a hole and dropping in the plant.
Correct position is natural, easy, and relaxed.
Correct postage is determined by weight and size.
Correct posture does wonders for sore backs.
Correct posture encourages abdominal breathing, while slouching prevents belly breathing.
Correct posture is critical as is stretching to reduce repetitive strain injuries.
Correct posture is essential to every exercise.
Correct posture is important.
Correct posture is one of the keys to a sound golf swing.
Correct posture is one way.
Correct posture is the first place to focus attention for the breath.
Correct posture is very important for minimizing stress.
Correct posture is very important.
Correct practice involves the refutation of slander.
Correct practice is necessary.
Correct practice makes perfect.
Correct praise requires effort.
Correct preparation Trying to compost without a shredder is like a chef without a mixmaster.
Correct prescription is crucial if the patient is to receive the best possible pain relief.
Correct pressure gives longer wear.
Correct pricing is a business decision, best made by venue operators and event promoters.
Correct pricing is the necessary foundation for all the other marketing procedures.
Correct printing can also be a problem for certain users.
Correct printing is easy to accomplish.
Correct process isolates the template and stores it into a internal data base.
All correct processes do decide on the same value.
Correct programming is only part of a programmer's job.
Correct pronunciation is emphasized.
Correct pronunciation is essential.
Correct pronunciation is reinforced with classroom practice and the home use of a cassette tape.
Correct pronunciation is very important.
Correct proportion is of primary importance, as long as size is within the standard' s range.
Correct punctuation is essential in non-defining relative clauses.
Correct punctuation is necessary .
Correct punctuation is necessary to the meaning of sentence.
Correct punctuation serves as a good guide for reading the poem aloud.
Correct references are the responsibility of the authors.
Correct representations require good model building techniques as well as good software tools.
Correct response are in green .
Correct responses create a score and animation of a basketball goal being made.
Correct responses earn rail farecards that are used to travel from one area to the next.
Correct responses leave the label on the structure until another term is selected for study.
Correct responses link to a full composition.
Correct rhythm means more than dance-like movements.
Correct selection is imperative for optimum machine performance.
Correct selection produces a graphic and heaps of positive reinforcement.
Correct servers remain alive and follow their specification.
Correct shoes can help.
Correct shoes seem to be the bane of most re-enactors.
Correct size is essential, especially for young operators.
Correct size is important.
Correct solutions become a part of the drawing for a grand prize.
Correct solutions receive points according to the degree of difficulty.
Correct spelling is also very important.
Correct spelling is esential.
Correct spelling is essential.
Correct spelling is important.
Correct spelling is key.
Correct spelling is required .
Correct spelling is required on all material handed in for evaluation.
Correct spelling is required.
Correct spelling is the responsibility of the customer.
Correct spelling is used.
Correct spelling is VERY important.
Correct stack overflows with regard to operators cvs and copy.
Correct stimulation produces twitching below the shoulder.
Correct support is essential to healthy sleep.
Correct support is the essential ingredient for a healthy body.
Correct syntax is especially critical.
Correct syntax is to define statement arguments at statement object creation time.
Correct table is printed below.
Correct technique includes a warm-up, the appropriate weight, proper form and focus.
Correct technique is essential for safe and effective weight training.
Correct technique is hard to maintain with heavier weights.
Correct technique is the most important skill any beginning typist can learn.
Correct technique is to keep the heel down until the leg is almost to the side.
Correct techniques ensure routine.
Most correct techniques ensure routine.
Correct temperatures are the key to success.
Correct tempering ensures a stable shelf life.
Correct tension is very easy to obtain.
Correct time is displayed and incremented on the front panel.
Correct time is to the left.
Correct timing is critical for proper shearing.
Correct timing is critical to maximizing yield.
Correct timing is important to improve flowering.
Correct timing is obtained when yoursliding foot and right arm reach the foul line at the same time.
Correct tool is used to take the measurement.
Correct torque is built into the screw instead of the driver.
Correct trail is blue blazed.
Correct training involves proper breathing, exhaling on the exertion, and correct lifting mechanics.
Correct training is very important to start with.
Correct treatment can ease the pain and help prevent more damage.
Correct treatment depends on a carefully made, accurate diagnosis.
Correct treatment following an eye injury can prevent the loss of sight.
Correct trim takes leverage off toe and moves the base of support backwards under the leg.
Correct trimming can help improve stabilization.
Correct understanding transcends all belief.
Correct usage can result in parts of comments being displayed on other browsers.
Correct usage is learned in many ways.
Correct usage is written on the sand.
Correct use involves gradual shortening and limited times of schooling.
Correct use is critical for accurate results.
Correct use is evidence of culture and personal refinement.
Correct use is to hit the back of the head.
Correct values are simple and immediate in their appeal.
Correct ventilation is vital.
Correct verbiage is what makes articles readable.
Correct version is on the web.
Correct wheel covers with wide whites.
Some correct work is present, but most of the work is incomplete or incorrect.
Correct writing contains correct grammar, punctuation and spelling.
Corrected numbers are red.
Corrected optics are right top to bottom, but still reversed.
Correction lines compensate for the curvature of the earth.
Correction lines occur periodically in order to allow for the curvature of the Earth.
Correction officers inspect the facilities to assure the safety and security of the prisoners.
A correction is improvement
Correction Accesses existing rows of data on the database and displays all effective-dated rows.
Correction are in process.
Correction brings life and improvement, and correct discernment results in growth and progress.
Correction calls for adding thinner to the ink and then recalibration of the printer.
Correction can be as simple as re-grading the exterior grounds or adding roof gutters.
Correction can be as simple as regrading the exterior grounds or adding roof gutters.
Correction comes after compassion has soothed the sore.
Correction costs about the same.
Correction depends upon proper analysis and recommendations.
Correction does much but encouragement does more.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Correction frequencies for four irrigation scheduling methods for corn.
Correction generally involves undoing the excess benefit transaction.
Correction here means to be restored to an upright state resulting in salvation.
Correction involves removal of both the ganglion and the weakened area.
Correction is a costly matter.
Correction is above.
Correction is accomplished by deleting the infantilizing terms .
Correction is accomplished by shifting the color channels horizontally against each other.
Correction is accomplished by using two spatial light modulators in series.
Correction is achieved by the slow intravenous infusion of calcium to effect.
Correction is always possible.
Correction is an intrinsic part of love.
Correction is automatic, resulting in improved muscle memory.
Correction is brought about by the inflicting of pain of some kind.
Correction is by shortening the incisors.
Correction is criticism in action.
Correction is incorporated for inlet air temperature and coolant temperature.
Correction is made only when there are obvious mistakes in the table.
Correction IS necessary at times.
Correction is needed.
Correction is often possible.
Correction is only for today.
Correction is possible by complicated surgery in which the eyelid is lifted and shortened.
Correction is required before the next application of the operation.
Correction is required.
Correction is so made and noted.
Correction is the process of realigning the spine and the body.
Correction is very common.
Correction is vital to the survival of the company.
Correction means a change of course.
Correction means transforming one's own sensations.
Correction occurs when plaster is floated.
Correction relates to the program's proofreading capabilities.
Correction requires removing the source of the problem and time.
Correction requires thick lenses which add some image minification and distortion.
Corrections account for two factors that lead to overestimates in the plutonium inventory.
Corrections also appear on stories saved in the online news archive.
Corrections appear as underlined characters.
Corrections appear in orange.
Corrections are a breeze to make.
Corrections are absolutely welcome and probably necessary.
Corrections are also most welcome.
Corrections are also welcome.
Corrections are always a giveaway.
Corrections are always welcome.
Corrections are amendments.
Corrections are books.
Corrections are by appointment.
Corrections are copies to all members.
Corrections are different from revisions.
Corrections are difficult.
Corrections are done, contour lines are congruent.
Corrections are drops.
Corrections are easy to make.
Corrections are easy.
Corrections are forthcoming.
Corrections are improvement.
Corrections are in blue color.
Corrections are in blue.
Corrections are in bold type.
Corrections are in brackets after the editor's improperly substituted word.
Corrections are in format only.
Corrections are in red and italic.
Corrections are indeed good.
Corrections are indeed very welcome.
Corrections are inherent in ballet instruction.
Corrections are like being thrown into the deep end of the pool and hoping to swim.
Corrections are local departments.
Corrections are markedly more difficult.
Corrections are more likely to be made when the differences are large.
Corrections are more than welcome.
Corrections are more varied and difficult.
Corrections are much easier to make.
Corrections are no doubt possible, but stocks generally provide solid returns over the long run.
Corrections are of course more easily made on pencillings than on ink drawings.
Corrections are one remedy.
Corrections are only possible, which bring the page-proof in agreement with the initial text.
Corrections are rebukes.
Corrections are social control.
Corrections are the point at which the out-flowing river meets the incoming tide.
Corrections are therapy.
Corrections are to be initialed and dated.
Corrections are to be limited to errors only.
Corrections are to be made as necessary.
Corrections are to be made in pencil.
Corrections are to be made using internationally accepted symbols.
Corrections are to be restricted to typographical errors.
Corrections are underway.
Corrections are very welcome, both to technical content and to writing.
Corrections are welcome .
Corrections are welcome all the time.
Corrections are welcome and, in fact, eagerly sought.
Corrections are welcome as well, if something is wrong.
Corrections are welcome. . .
Corrections are welcome.
Corrections aremade when needed.
Corrections blend in, very low key.
Corrections Call the contacts listed below.
Corrections can certainly motivate a dog to perform.
Corrections can no longer languish in the backwaters of government.
Corrections come and go, as they have many times.
Corrections Correcting errors in grammar, diction, punctuation, and style is tedious work.
Corrections create opportunities.
Corrections decrease over time, however.
Corrections do nothing.
Corrections employs only men.
Corrections Feel free to send address corrections to the department at any time.
Corrections fix errors.
Corrections holds break-out sessions for their members numerous times during conference week.
Corrections includes offenders under supervision and offenders in prison.
Corrections is a cheap way of dealing with offenders.
Corrections is a complex field that defies simple analysis.
Corrections is a good neighbor, dedicated to protecting society and building a better community.
Corrections is an ever-changing profession.
Corrections is an ever-growing and challenging field.
Corrections is another opportunity for criminal justice graduates.
Corrections is one of the fastest growing, but most under-served education audiences in the country.
Corrections made by someone else constitute a violation of the Honor Code .
Corrections made by the balancer are for the entire assembly.
Corrections made in the copies submitted to the clearance advisor are unacceptable.
Corrections normally take about four weeks to implement.
Corrections nowadays is a big business.
Corrections occur both ways.
Corrections offers one of the most unique and challenging management opportunities.
Corrections only make the dog nervous and worried.
Corrections oversees security and camp operations.
Corrections provides many exciting career opportunities in a diversity of areas .
Corrections provides the only braille machine repair service west of the Mississippi.
Corrections require intellectual investment and justification.
Corrections require the approval of the department chair and appropriate dean.
Corrections result in overwrites or deletions, giving rise to loss of information.
Corrections result in overwrites or deletions, resulting in possible loss of information.
Corrections Review each payroll expense amount for overpayments or underpayments.
Corrections sees the largest number of complaints, which makes sense given the situation.
Corrections specialize in the incarceration process as well as rehabilitation of the offender.
Corrections stand out.
Corrections tend to draw out that difference fairly quickly.
Corrections There are two specific corrections to make to the contents of the report.
Corrections thus commits itself to advocacy for the needs and interests of crime victims.
Corrections typically appear within a few days.
Corrections vary in severity with each individual dog and each individual situation.
Corrections welcome and invited.
Corrections Welcome to the non-fictional story of how bad guys go to jail.
Corrections work details save local taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars annually.
Correction usually requires repairs or obtaining additional equipment.
All corrections appear in bold print and are marked accordingly.
All corrections are highly encouraged.
All corrections are to be made at the discretion of the district.
All corrections are very welcome.
Any corrections always welcome.
Any correction is welcome.
Any corrections are is written with red ink.
Any corrections are welcome .
Any corrections please.
Any corrections welcome.
Most corrections are so minute, no one even notices the person corrected anything.
Most corrections are to fainter galaxies.
Some corrections can result in a change in mailing costs.
Some corrections persist or roll over into ranges that empty trading accounts.
Some corrections require continuing expenditures of money.
Correctional administration is as much a part of criminology today as is forensic testing.
Correctional agencies administer the sentence.
Correctional centers are for juveniles found guilty of crimes.
Correctional educators are most effective when they understand the population they are teaching.
Correctional facilities hold hundreds, sometimes thousands, of inmates.
Correctional facilities offer significant opportunities for intervention.
Most correctional facilities have psychotherapists on staff.
Some correctional facilities have a large problem with TB transmission.
Correctional industries account.
A correctional institution is a penal facility
Correctional institutions differ in size, type, population, and staffing.
Most correctional institutions require random drug tests for their employees.
Some correctional institutions employ aspects of both direct and indirect supervision.
Correctional managers are concerned with developing policy.
Correctional managers are frequently the target of lawsuits.
Any correctional measures taken are a joint decision between the school and the parents.
Correctional offenders experience distinctive needs and pose specific management problems.
Correctional officers are role models for inmates, families of inmates, and their peers.
Correctional officers are true, dedicated public servants.
Correctional officers experience excellent benefits and pay due to their strong union.
Correctional officers have a very difficult job.
Correctional officers have many jobs to preform and many hats to wear.
Correctional officers have no law enforcement responsibilities outside their place of work.
Correctional officers inspect facilities periodically.
Correctional officers inspect the living quarters of the inmates who they oversee.
Correctional officers make sure the jail or prison is safe.
Correctional officers perform a difficult, but necessary task that is vital to public safety.
Correctional officers say their fatigue and stress are at the highest level in years.
Correctional officers supervise the prisoner work crews.
Correctional officers use equipment to control and defuse situations.
Correctional officers work eight hour days, five days a week, and on rotating shifts.
Correctional officials see danger in prison overcrowding.
Correctional officials see the danger in prison overcrowding.
Correctional operations are complex, multi-faced functions operated by hard charging professionals.
Correctional opportunities are available at several different locations .
Correctional positions have relatively low salaries.
Correctional programs are important here.
Correctional programs can easily fail in the process of implementation.
Correctional psychologists are key players in the rehabilitation of offenders.
Correctional researchers develop a new device to improve inmate safety.
Correctional studies examine the relationships between variables in a study.
Correctional systems exist at the county, state, and federal levels.
Correctional work involves hazardous duty, requiring that certain physical standards be met.
Correctional workers are prepared and sensitized to working with sexually abusive individuals.
Correctional workers strive to create an environment that is conducive to positive change.
Corrections department gets new trial on issue of damages.
Corrections officers have an increased likelihood of holding a secondary job.
Corrections officers have great flexibility in awarding early release.
Corrections officers work in dangerous conditions with the most violent members of our society.
Corrections officers write reports about the inmates' behavior and work.
Corrective action can include destruction of the errant product.
Corrective action can take place when goals are missed.
Corrective action has to be very proactive and well structured.
Corrective action is a written warning or suspension without pay.
Corrective action is an effective instrument for our improvement.
Corrective action is built into software logic until the fault is eliminated.
Corrective action is complete.
Corrective action is completed in the short term.
Corrective action is described in subsequent incident reports.
Corrective action is documented and hazard inventories are updated.
Corrective action is implemented, as required.
Corrective action is in place.
Corrective action is initiated as soon as resources are available.
Corrective action is intended to be a stimulus for positive change.
Corrective action is necessary.
Corrective action is needed on both scores.
Corrective action is outlined on the next page.
Corrective action is planned and implemented.
Corrective action is planned for any deficiencies identified.
Corrective action is possible.
Corrective action is presently in progress.
Corrective action is taken as appropriate.
Corrective action is taken as needed, and all issues are recorded and monitored.
Corrective action is taken as required.
Corrective action is taken if needed.
Corrective action is taken to prevent the reoccurrence of the problem.
Corrective action is taken when expenses are over budget.
Corrective action is taken when required.
Corrective action is taken when weaknesses have been identified.
Corrective action is to be taken where needed.
Corrective action is vital.
Corrective action needs to be taken for any marked items.
Corrective action plans target constraints and bottlenecks.
Corrective action required if age or sex of annuitant is wrong.
Corrective actions appear to have been sufficient to prevent future incidents.
Corrective actions are a critical part of every quality system.
Corrective actions are relatively simple.
Corrective actions can be costly, involve extensive staff time, and be highly controversial.
Corrective actions can then proceed as necessary.
All corrective actions are complete.
Any corrective action is left to the establishment to take voluntarily.
Corrective care includes feeling better and correcting the cause of the problem.
Corrective changes are simple and instantly effective.
Corrective controls are procedures or mechanisms which enable recovery from the loss or damage.
Corrective controls come into play when improper outcomes occur and are detected.
Corrective counseling is completely at the discretion of the District.
Corrective discipline differs in that it is used when everything else has been tried.
Corrective discipline involves attempts by employers to correct unsatisfactory performance.
Corrective discipline is the strategy used to eliminate an undesired behavior.
Corrective feedback involves showing an employee a quick way to solve a performance problem.
Corrective feedback is also beneficial.
Corrective feedback is provided whenever the examinee makes an error.
Corrective information is sent to the missile by two thin wires that deploy in flight.
Corrective legislation is pending.
Corrective lenses address two kinds of vision problems.
Corrective lenses are available for easy installation.
Corrective lenses are gear.
Corrective lenses are unnatural.
Corrective lenses can be either glasses or contact lenses.
Corrective lenses can be thinner.
Corrective lenses have a reciprocal warping to compensate.
Corrective lenses work by causing the light to focus directly on the retina.
Corrective lenses worn by employees also present a problem when fitting respirators.
Corrective lenses tend to increase myopia, especially for computer users.
Corrective maintenance involves fixing the errors that surface during the development process.
Corrective maintenance is incorporated in our standard maintenance functions.
Corrective maintenance is repair of replacement or defective or malfunctioning components.
Corrective maintenance refers to the correction of errors in the legacy system.
Most corrective maintenance is requested by the user of the facility to solve an immediate problem.
Corrective marks are routine, tedious, and unavoidable.
Corrective measures are either chemical, biological or mechanical.
Corrective measures are explored and remedial procedures discussed.
Corrective measures includes code stabilization, data name rationalization and remodularization.
Corrective measures seem to be working.
Corrective Measures Use the soil and foliar analyses to evaluate each stand.
Corrective products utilized include essential oils and restorative masks.
Corrective rape is on the rise in South Africa.
Corrective Reading are programs that help students needing additional reading instruction.
Corrective surgeries can include tooth extraction, crown height reductions or the use of spacers.
Corrective surgery can prevent most cataracts from causing blindness.
Corrective surgery is done in a series of three stages.
Corrective surgery is forbidden.
Corrective surgery is used to reconstruct the external genitalia.
Corrective swings tend to be shorter than the overall average swings.
Corrective therapy works.
Correctness proofs are generally managable for small transformations.
Correctness comes first.
Correctness depends on deterministic and transparent OS mechanisms.
Correctness follows from the correctness of phi.
Correctness includes good use of require and ensure clauses, as well as class invariants.
Correctness is a function of the biological ground truth.
Correctness is a measure of how well the program meets the assignment specifications.
Correctness is a relative to the specification.
Correctness is achieved by using a set of transformations that are proved to be correct.
Correctness is clearly the prime quality.
Correctness is defined independent of implementation.
Correctness is desirable.
Correctness is easy to determine.
Correctness is guaranteed because all procedures are universally verifiable.
Correctness is harder to verify in the details than time complexity.
Correctness is precision.
Correctness is propriety.
Correctness is quality
Correctness is quality.
Correctness is shown and complexity given.
Correctness is something else altogether.
Correctness is the death of style and variation in speech and writing.
Correctness is the lifeline of information.
Correctness refers to the straightness of the horses legs.
Correctness shows respect for one's audience.
Correctness always takes precedence over performance.
A correlate is a variable
Correlate species diversity with species richness and species evenness.
Correlates are variables.
Correlates boiler component condition to operating practices.
Correlates curriculum resources to state standards.
Correlates pathophysiology with patient's signs and symptoms including potential for complications.
Correlates waveform data with date and time of acquisition with one second resolution.
Correlated data arise in many diverse fields.
Correlated energy is additive, or strengthened, in the despreading process.
Correlated mutations contain information about protein-protein interaction.
Correlated noise is common mode noise, noise of the same type or from the same source.
Correlated traits are common in nature.
A correlation coefficient is a parametric statistic
Correlation coefficient is a measure of association btwn two variables.
Correlation coefficients are given.
Correlation coefficients are numbers that represent the relationship between two variables.
Correlation coefficients give no information about cause and effect.
Correlation coefficients show how one variable predicts another.
Correlation coefficients tend to be less reliable when estimated from small sample sizes.
Correlation sum is rounded and shifted to produce an eight bit result.
A correlation is reciprocity
Correlation allows prediction.
Correlation approaches to detection.
Correlation can be difficult for many tests including jitter.
Correlation can be either positive or negative.
Correlation can lead to the reasons for packet loss.
Correlation coefficients available between all constants.
Correlation coefficients explanation.
Correlation deals with interconnection of subsystems and is a key to understanding complex systems.
Correlation decreases with distance between samples as shown below.
Correlation Describes the idea of relationships between variables.
Correlation energies for two interacting electrons in a harmonic quantum dot.
Correlation essentially represents how much a stock or fund is like another fund.
Correlation implies causation.
Correlation implies that as one variable changes, the other also changes.
Correlation indicates an association between two variables.
Correlation indicates how much diversification a foreign market offers U.S. investors.
Correlation is a concept similar to cosine.
Correlation is a first step, like a red flag, of a possible relationship that's worth investigating.
Correlation is a measure of the degree of linear relatedness of two variables.
Correlation is a measure of the strength of the relationship between two variables.
Correlation is a numerical expression that signifies the relationship between two variables.
Correlation is a simple measure of how two variables are related.
Correlation is a useful tool in the exploration and production of our natural resources.
Correlation is a very useful method to match a known signal with a possible future one.
Correlation is dealt with nicely.
Correlation is dynamic, too.
Correlation is empirical.
Correlation is established between curriculum and student employability.
Correlation is higher for L-band, especially on steep slopes.
Correlation is important, too.
Correlation is key.
Correlation is low because there are some short fat people and some tall skinny people.
Correlation is made between structural arrangements of tissues and functions.
Correlation is made to anatomic and phsiologic systems.
Correlation is often more useful for understanding the relationship between two variables.
Correlation is open to all numerical quantities.
Correlation is seen in increased cloud coverage when nearing the equator.
Correlation is shown between the impulse response and the results obtained using music signals.
Correlation is simply a measure of how strong a relationship exists between two variables.
Correlation is the basic statistical measure of the relation between two variables.
Correlation is the engine under the hood of many market-research methods.
Correlation is the square root of the R-squared value expressed in decimal form.
Correlation is the weakest form of modelling.
Correlation is unaffected by changes in scale.
Correlation is used as the fitness measure to drive the evolutionary process.
Correlation is used as the fitness measure.
Correlation is useful in studies concerning heredity.
Correlation is very expensive.
Correlation is when one action or phenomenon causes or is causally linked to another.
Correlation isa relation.
Correlation meassures the existence of a linear association.
Correlation measure only how closely the points fall to a straight line.
Correlation measure the strength of a linear relationship between two variables.
Correlation occurs when the sampling of one or more input distributions are related.
Correlation only shows the degree of association, if any, between variables.
Correlation plays a major role in factor analysis.
Correlation plays an important part in evolution.
Correlation provides a higher level of intelligence to events.
Correlation quantifies how closely two variables are connected.
Correlation refers to the degree of relationship among variables .
Correlation simply means that a connection exists between two sets of data.
Correlation simply means that a relationship of some kind exists between two variables.
Correlation then determines the probability that the two variables are randomly correlated.
Correlation varies from negative one to positive one.
Correlations allow expressing relations between signals within a net.
Correlations also exist across subbands.
Correlations are available to convert any Julian or Gregorian date to a tonalpohualli date.
Correlations are commonly graphed on scatter plots.
Correlations are connections between different events.
Correlations are easy to obtain.
Correlations are generally higher in summer then in winter.
Correlations are higher during recessions than during growth periods.
Correlations are in terms of costs as if all equipment wre made of carbon steel.
Correlations are low when the two business cycles are out of phase.
Correlations are merely sign-posts pointing to possible research directions.
Correlations are more in line with color changes rather than changes in lithology.
Correlations are no more immutable than species themselves.
Correlations are often through uncontrolled variable effects.
Correlations are positive but quite low.
Correlations are statistics.
Correlations are strongest over North America and western Europe.
Correlations are the most often used statistics in psychology.
Correlations begin to emerge and connections can be made.
Correlations break down complex relationships into simpler components.
Correlations can be strong or weak.
Correlations exist between local temperature changes and life history phenology.
Correlations exist between the raw orbital elements as well.
Correlations increase with biological relationship, even when pair members are reared apart.
Correlations made between solar activity and daily, monthly or seasonal weather are unsubstantiated.
Correlations measure how variables or rank orders are related.
Correlations measure the strength of linear association between two variables.
Correlations move with less persistence than volatilities.
Correlations provide a context for learning pathology concepts.
Correlations refer to relationships between two things - two factors or variables.
Correlations say nothing about what affects what, only the strength of the coincidence.
Correlation usually has one of two directions .
Correlation usually has one of two directions.
All correlations are easily user-modified to reflect specialized fluid conditions and probe designs.
All correlations are then proofread against the correlated log before being added to the file.
Some correlation analyses indicate differences.
Some correlation analyses show air temperature.
Some correlation analyses show distribution.
Some correlation analyses show temperature.
Some correlation exists between locality and colour morph.
Some correlation exists from one season to the next, especially for temperature.
Some correlations indeed do indicate a sun-earth link of some sort.
Some correlations seem obvious.
A correlational analysis is a multivariate analysis
Correlational analyses result from the analysis of sets of data to determine relationships.
Correlational research allows investigators to explore the relationships between variables.
Correlational research involves one or more correlation coefficients.
Correlational statistics do just that.
Correlational statistics yield a number called the coefficient of correlation .
Correlational statistics yield a number called the coefficient of correlation.
Correlational studies are much more common in the field.
Correlational studies have random assignment.
Correlational studies lack mundane realism.
Correlational studies show the relationship between the independent and dependent variables.
Correlational studies suggest low serotonin is bad - a very simplistic statement.
Correlational studies take advantage of natural variation among individuals.
Correlational techniques measure the degree of relationship between variables.
Correlative conjunctions are pairs of words that are used to link words together.
Correlative conjunctions join words, phases, or clauses of equal rank.
Correlative conjunctions occur in pairs and also connect equal parts of sentences.
Correlative data are weak, but often needed.
Correlative words are still unused.
A correlative is a variable
Correlatives make up a good part of any long selection of running text.
Correspond components explore biological concepts.
Correspond components explore concepts.
Most correspond components explore biological concepts.
Most correspond components explore concepts.
Correspondence analyses demonstrate conditions.
Correspondence analyses demonstrate soil conditions.
Correspondence analyses demonstrate unique soil conditions.
Correspondence analysis finds the best simultaneous representation of the categorical data.
Correspondence analysis gets to the heart of what is happening.
Correspondence analysis is a multivariate method that applies for positive numerical data tables.
Correspondence analysis is made solely with computers.
Most correspondence analyses demonstrate unique soil conditions.
Correspondence chess can be a lonely affair Correspondence chess can be a lonely affair.
Correspondence chess embraces any mode of move transmission.
Correspondence chess is well represented.
Correspondence chess is what it is.
Correspondence classes can be a way to explore an interesting subject.
A correspondence course is a course
Correspondence course provides training targeted at obtaining a beginner radio job.
Correspondence courses add accountability and feedback to independent study.
Correspondence courses are a unique alternative to the traditional classroom course.
Correspondence courses are also an option and have grown increasingly popular due to the Internet.
Correspondence courses are also available at the undergraduate level.
Correspondence courses are also available.
Correspondence courses are another example of distance learning.
Correspondence courses are available to parents world wide in English and Spanish.
Correspondence courses are available.
Correspondence courses are courses.
Correspondence courses are early examples of distance learning.
Correspondence courses are especially suitable for the physically handicapped and homebound.
Correspondence courses are in no case acceptable for graduate credit.
Correspondence courses are no longer the only option.
Correspondence courses are print-based and usually require textbooks and a course study guide.
Correspondence courses are print-based.
Correspondence courses are text-based.
Correspondence courses can be an effective way to complete course work in some circumstances.
Correspondence courses can be open ended in terms of time completion.
Correspondence courses cover the same material as courses offered on campus.
Correspondence courses have little or no interaction between a student and the instructor.
Correspondence courses offer flexibility to students in scheduling coursework.
Correspondence courses offer flexibility to students in scheduling their coursework.
Correspondence courses represent it's earliest form.
Correspondence courses use postal services to overcome distance.
Correspondence courses vary, depending on the educational institution.
All correspondence courses are available online.
Correspondence education is nothing new.
Correspondence also includes information on book sales in the United States.
Correspondence are primarily in regard to nominations and invitations to membership.
Correspondence can be a big issue to minors.
Correspondence can be a continuing form of communication and minsitry.
Correspondence can be e-mail, memos, transcripts or notes of phone conversations, for instance.
Correspondence can take place in several ways.
Correspondence concerning the proposal, including rejection letters, is filed with some proposals.
Correspondence concerns a land deal in Northern Mexico and legal papers.
Correspondence concerns actual or potential contributors.
Correspondence concerns real estate, taxes, and other business matters in Huntington.
Correspondence consists mainly of letters and memoranda between faculty members.
Correspondence consists of personal, general, and consultation letters.
Correspondence consists primarily of constituent letters.
Correspondence containing data or scientific argument is subject to review.
Correspondence contains handwritten notes and letters, typed letters, and memoranda.
Correspondence continues between several schools in the two cities.
Correspondence continues with other members of the family back in Alabama.
Correspondence courses from around the country.
Correspondence deals mostly with memberships.
Correspondence deals mostly with resolutions.
Correspondence deals with education of faculty children and faculty salaries.
Correspondence deals with labor grievances, union activities, and wage disputes.
Correspondence deals with meetings, resolutions, and recommendations.
Correspondence deals with resolutions, fall-out shelters, meetings.
Correspondence deals with various writing projects and other activities.
Correspondence embraces letters, notes, postcards, telegrams and cables.
Correspondence forms the bulk of the family papers.
Correspondence generally follows either a standard letter format or memorandum style.
Correspondence has (part) chapters.
Correspondence has (part) letters.
Correspondence has (part) paragraphs.
Correspondence has (part) sections.
Correspondence has (part) word order.
Correspondence includes approx.
Correspondence includes letters from many of Germany's leading artists and architects.
Correspondence includes letters, memorandums, and transmittal reports.
Correspondence includes many letters relating to organizational affiliations.
Correspondence includes requests to vote for or against bills or alter specific provisions of bills.
Correspondence includes scattered indentures, deeds, patents and family notes among the letters.
Correspondence involves foreign land.
Correspondence involves letters from chairman to members transmitting information and reports.
Correspondence is a key element of any business, large or small.
Correspondence is a lifeline for many incarcerated individuals.
Correspondence is almost entirely by email.
Correspondence is also alphabetical with the exception of a miscellaneous file.
Correspondence is also available.
Correspondence is always encouraged.
Correspondence is always welcome either by post or email at the under mentioned addresses.
Correspondence is among stockholders and between the company and state and federal agencies.
Correspondence is an example of independent study.
Correspondence is appreciated on such items.
Correspondence is appreciated.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically and reflects over half the collection.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically by correspondent.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically by last name of the immigrant.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically by name of country.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically by name of sender.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically by subject and then by individual names.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically by surname within each group.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically by topic and chronologically therein.
Correspondence is arranged alphabetically in one series.
Correspondence is arranged by correspondent, then chronologically within each file folder.
Correspondence is arranged choronologically.
Correspondence is arranged chronologically and also bysubject.
Correspondence is arranged chronologically and then alphabetically.
Correspondence is arranged chronologically by year.
Correspondence is arranged chronologically.
Correspondence is arrangedchronologically.
Correspondence is by e-mail.
Correspondence is by far the most extensive and important.
Correspondence is carried on with hundreds of prisoners from all across the United States.
Correspondence is chiefly personal.
Correspondence is chiefly professional.
Correspondence is chiefly with suppliers and customers, although personal matters are represented.
Correspondence is communication
Correspondence is conducted by telephone and through letter writing.
Correspondence is confidential.
Correspondence is divided into each series, instead of placed all together in one section.
Correspondence is done through their online messaging system to ensure confidentiality.
Correspondence is done via e-mail and conference calls.
Correspondence is enclosed in an envelope that includes a cachet.
Correspondence is encouraged and articles for submission are welcomed.
Correspondence is encouraged and letters are published rapidly.
Correspondence is encouraged in a nutrition discussion forum.
Correspondence is encouraged to promote a lively forum for discussion.
Correspondence is encouraged, stimulating the exchange of information.
Correspondence is encouraged.
Correspondence is filed chronologially within topic.
Correspondence is filed in the relevant subject matter folder.
Correspondence is first classes.
Correspondence is found in three of the four series.
Correspondence is from citizens, legislators, and state and federal agencies.
Correspondence is from friends, fans, authors, poets,agents, and publishers.
Correspondence is in both English and Hebrew.
Correspondence is in English and French and largely concerns legal and financial business.
Correspondence is in English.
Correspondence is in the form of letters, postcards, and telegrams.
Correspondence is indexed by name and by date.
Correspondence is instantaneous and everyone gets to see everything and can join in if they want.
Correspondence is invited with anyone who can supply additional information.
Correspondence is invited.
Correspondence is largely on-campus.
Correspondence is listed alphabetically by subject or by correspondent.
Correspondence is located in drawers.
Correspondence is located in mail.
Correspondence is mail
Correspondence is mailed to the participant's home and a confirmation call is made to office.
Correspondence is mainly between faculty members.
Correspondence is more developed.
Correspondence is mostly personal and relates primarily to family matters.
Correspondence is much of what people traditionally put into filing drawers.
Correspondence is occasionally peer-reviewed at the option of the editor.
Correspondence is organized by individual name and arranged alphabetically.
Correspondence is organized chronologically.
Correspondence is placed with the individual to whom it was addressed, rather than with the author.
Correspondence is primarily about family affairs.
Correspondence is primarily with clergymen sent to America.
Correspondence is primarily with constituents.
Correspondence is received.
Correspondence is reproduced in the booklet.
Correspondence is required to be conducted electronically.
Correspondence is restricted during the correspondent's lifetime.
Correspondence is retained for a minimum of two years.
Correspondence is roughly chronological.
Correspondence is routed to the appropriate person with the skill set to provide the service.
Correspondence is scant and predominantly relates to course development, talks, and research.
Correspondence is scattered amidst the forms and clustered at the end of the series.
Correspondence is simplest if eyes are fixating directly on object.
Correspondence is subdivided into personal and literary correspondence.
Correspondence is the easiest area to check, and the most abused.
Correspondence is the promise of faithful engagement.
Correspondence is to be addressed to the institute s address.
Correspondence is together by year.
Correspondence is unsigned.
Correspondence is welcome and appreciated.
Correspondence is welcome in English, French, or Spanish.
Correspondence is welcome, but publication of letters is at the discretion of the editors.
Correspondence is welcome.
Correspondence is welcomed in any medium.
Correspondence is welcomed.
Correspondence is with writers and other critics and scholars.
Correspondence is written and press releases are issued.
Correspondence isa entity.
Correspondence isa written language.
Correspondence keeps internal and external publics informed of ongoing activities.
Correspondence log now prints correctly.
Correspondence makes up a large part of the collection.
Correspondence makes up the bulk of the collection.
Correspondence pertains to Mexican military and government affairs in the nineteenth century.
Correspondence provides invitations to receptions and concerts.
Correspondence re equipment for the interferometer.
Correspondence re intern.
Correspondence re letters.
Correspondence re optical filters and mirrors.
Correspondence re profit sharing.
Correspondence re stellar interferometers.
Correspondence refer primarily to financial matters and prospective land purchases.
Correspondence regarding public records is to be addressed to the public records officer.
Correspondence regarding routine business matters is handled in a prompt and effective manner.
Correspondence regarding the adoption and implementation of the pension plan also is included.
Correspondence regarding the contents is permitted only with current members of the group.
Correspondence regards, for the most part, donations and retreat projects.
Correspondence related to legal cases is filed separately in the case files.
Correspondence relates primarily to family news and plantation business.
Correspondence relates to personal business and mining enterprises.
Correspondence relates to professional activities as well as to personal concerns.
Correspondence relates to professional activities, publishing, and personal affairs.
Correspondence relates to the creation and publication of several works.
Correspondence relating to hearing aids extends into the post-war period.
Correspondence requires feedback.
Correspondence shows date and names of senders and recipients.
Correspondence shows date of communication, correspondent's names, and text of communication.
Correspondence shows date of communication, correspondents' names, and text of communication.
Correspondence shows date, correspondents' names, and text of communication.
Correspondence shows date, correspondents' names, and text or communication.
Correspondence takes the place of an exchange of conversation.
Correspondences are then determined between all consecutive triplets of frames.
Correspondences given are in accordance with The Greater Key of Solomon the King .
All correspondence becomes the property of the site manger.
All correspondence can be by phone, e-mail, or regular mail.
All correspondence directed to the homeowner association is handled promptly.
All correspondence goes to a central desk, and is from there directed to the relevant party.
All correspondence is acknowledged and handled in a confidential manner.
All correspondence is addressed to nicknames, which are chosen by the participants themselves.
All correspondence is anonymous and identities are kept confidential.
All correspondence is anonymous, and identities are kept confidential.
All correspondence is answered personally.
All correspondence is answered, and kept in confidence.
All correspondence is archived .
All correspondence is arranged alphabetically by subject and chronologically within the folders.
All correspondence is arranged chronologically.
All correspondence is arranged in an integrated chronological sequence.
All correspondence is arranged in chronological order.
All correspondence is assured of complete privacy.
All correspondence is chronological within each folder.
All correspondence is completely anonymous and identities are kept confidential.
All correspondence is completely confidential.
All correspondence is confidential and all personal info, comments, etc.
All correspondence is confidential and private.
All correspondence is confidential and there is no charge to the victim.
All correspondence is confidential.
All correspondence is considered completely confidential.
All correspondence is considered confidential, and no information is passed on to secondary sources.
All correspondence is dealt with in strictest confidence.
All correspondence is dealt with in the strictest confidence.
All correspondence is dealt with within seven working days.
All correspondence is done by email.
All correspondence is done in Russian.
All correspondence is electronic.
All correspondence is for internal use only.
All correspondence is handled by e-mail.
All correspondence is handled in confidence.
All correspondence is handled in the order dated.
All correspondence is held completely confidential.
All correspondence is held in strict confidence.
All correspondence is held under the strictest of confidence.
All correspondence is indexed.
All correspondence is kept in strict confidentiality.
All correspondence is kept on file.
All correspondence is kept strictly confidential.
All correspondence is logged and passed to the appropriate division for a response.
All correspondence is private and confidential.
All correspondence is private between buyer and seller.
All correspondence is read and appreciated, including unsolicited story ideas and submissions.
All correspondence is read and replied to in the order in which it is received.
All correspondence is saved for future reference.
All correspondence is screened and catalogued in our office.
All correspondence is sent through the agency or third party.
All correspondence is sent to the advisor, unless the adviser elects to do otherwise.
All correspondence is sent to the advisor, unless the advisor elects to do otherwise.
All correspondence is sent to the first author named on the manuscript, unless otherwise requested.
All correspondence is strictly confidential.
All correspondence is subject to editorial review and revision.
All correspondence is subject to our privacy policy .
All correspondence is subject to publication.
All correspondence is submitted and dated via email.
All correspondence is to be sent via email.
All correspondence is totally secure and private.
All correspondence is treated as confidential.
All correspondence is treated in confidence.
All correspondence is treated in the strictest confidence.
All correspondence is treated with confidence and retained on file for one year.
All correspondence is treated with the utmost confidentiality.
All correspondence is very welcome from all fanciers.
All correspondence is via e-mail and the computer.
All correspondence is via email.
All correspondence is via e-mail.
All correspondence is welcome.
All correspondence is with the strictest confidence.
All correspondence occurs in Russian, however anyone who wishes to attend is welcome.
All correspondence regarding submitted pieces takes place directly between writers and editors.
All correspondence remains strictly confidential.
All correspondence takes place hereafter between the investor and the entrepreneur directly.
All correspondence takes place via email.
All correspondence welcome.
Any correspondence is always a pleasure.
Any correspondence is always welcome, prayed about and confidential.
Any correspondence is private and confidential.
Any correspondence is welcomed.
Any correspondence welcome.
Every correspondence contains an opt-out option.
Most correspondence analyses demonstrate soil conditions.
Most correspondence is answered during the same business day.
Most correspondence is by telex.
Most correspondence is done via e-mail.
Most correspondence is handwritten and the drafts can be difficult to read.
Most correspondence is in German script.
Much correspondence goes on between collectors with similar interests.
Some correspondence also is included.
Some correspondence analyses show habitats.
Some correspondence is alphabetical by name of correspondent.
Some correspondence is enlightening and entertaining.
Some correspondence is found under post journals .
Some correspondence is in Spanish.
Some correspondence is included.
Some correspondence is mixed with the forms, much is filed after the applications.
Some correspondence is of an informative nature.
Some correspondence is restricted.
Some correspondence parallels that found in subject files.
Some correspondence regarding administration of the courts is included.
Some correspondence related to taxes is in each folder.
Some correspondence transcripts online.
Some correspondences remain provocative.
Correspondent banking is an integral part of the domestic and international banking systems.
Correspondent Lenders can check up to the minute rates and reserve loans on our site.
A correspondent is a communicator
Correspondent also includes sample letters for a variety of situations.
Correspondent braves the legislative tobacco wars.
Correspondent enables Web-based editing for all documents and SGML and XML components.
Correspondent reflects on what the older generation can teach the young about their experiences.
Correspondent reveals why so many young men and women are prepared to kill a stranger.
Correspondents also point out that Russia has failed to agree to adhere to an embargo.
Correspondents also report from Boston, Chicago and other U.S. cities.
Correspondents are committed to researching and writing articles on deadline.
Correspondents are communicators.
Correspondents are free to make changes or corrections to their submissions at any time.
Correspondents are journalists.
Correspondents are mostly professional colleagues.
Correspondents are primarily close associates and friends.
Correspondents are primarily constituents or representatives of various businesses.
Correspondents are primarily constituents or various businesses.
Correspondents are responsible for their own expenses.
Correspondents can be maritime lawyers, ship's agents or in some cases surveyors.
Correspondents can choose which level of service best suits their business plan and customer base.
Correspondents come from the profession and academia.
Correspondents describe it as the worst ever outbreak of fighting between the two countries.
Correspondents describe the charges as relatively minor.
Correspondents describe the situation as an humanitarian crisis of biblical proportions.
Correspondents note that both countries face separatist pressures.
Correspondents range from school children to prominent economists.
Correspondents read the descriptions and generate their own drawings from the text.
Correspondents say aid efforts are being hampered by bad roads and a shortage of diesel fuel.
Correspondents say an appeal is certain.
Correspondents say Iran is keen to boost foreign tourism.
Correspondents say it is most likely to be politically or gangland related.
Correspondents say it is unclear what the pair sought to achieve in their mission.
Correspondents say official attitudes inside Iran to the Internet are ambiguous.
Correspondents say political pressure on the military to deliver a quick victory is increasing.
Correspondents say profits from opium are widely believed to finance Afghan weapons purchases.
Correspondents say rush hour traffic was becoming hopelessly congested.
Correspondents say some passengers even went back to sleep on the train after it came to a halt.
Correspondents say such a violent attack is rare in Singapore.
Correspondents say tensions between rival factions in the country have been on the increase.
Correspondents say that in Rwanda's case at least, there is a clear motivation for involvement.
Correspondents say that it is the first reported attack against Yugoslav infrastructure.
Correspondents say that Macedonia already has a sizeable Albanian minority.
Correspondents say the action sparked panic among the tens of thousands of refugees in Montenegro.
Correspondents say the death of the pet poodle generated more outrage than several child murders.
Correspondents say the death toll is likely to rise dramatically.
Correspondents say the general's comments are unusually candid for the normally taciturn soldier.
Correspondents say the government bussed in schoolchildren and factory workers to take part.
Correspondents say the hardening of tones in both capitals sets the scene for some tough exchanges.
Correspondents say the internet is slowly spreading to other urban areas too.
Correspondents say the main difference concerns subsidies to Chinese farmers.
Correspondents say the move is an attempt to keep nearly three weeks of protests from growing.
Correspondents say the rally was a double act of defiance.
Correspondents say the rally was the biggest show of strength by opposition groups in recent years.
Correspondents say the ruling is a victory for the tobacco industry and a defeat for the agency.
Correspondents say the spate of attacks inside Israel has fuelled a siege mentality.
Correspondents say the West Bank has also been sealed off.
Correspondents say there has been no sign that the Indian forces have moved.
Correspondents say there is a real risk of failure.
Correspondents say there is a real risk of the summit failing.
Correspondents say very high quality.
Correspondents say Washington is keen to see Peru regain stability.
Correspondents says anger is building over the lack of explanation about the deaths.
Correspondents send excruciatingly long jokes with endless cc address lists.
Correspondents speculate rather than report, while anchors look terribly solemn.
Correspondents state that there is no record of any armadillo having escaped.
Correspondents tell of crops, weather, church activities and people's comings and goings.
Correspondents use the public key to encrypt messages to the user.
Correspondents view current coverage of the Soviet Union by American and other correspondents.
Correspondents frequently try hard to be brief.
All correspondents are coordially welcome.
All correspondents are well known authors with ties to North Carolina.
All correspondents enjoy the adequate conditions for the free exercise of their profession.
Many correspondents do.
Some correspondents are eager to propound their own theories.
Some correspondents are sorry, and even reproachful, about omissions.
Some correspondents prefer one database for ease in backing up.
Corresponding calls are applicable for bicgsq and bicgstab .
Corresponding materials are to be demonstrated to the users whose request contains the chosen words.
Corresponding nouns are recurrence and reoccurrence .
Corresponding photos are available in most cases upon request.
Corresponding recommendations apply to any other predefined floating point types.
Corresponding recommendations apply to any other predefined integer types.
Corresponding requirements are the following.
Corresponding rules apply to volatile objects and types.
A corridor is a passageway
Corridor leverages the mainframe for business on the Web.
Corridor lines Preparations have begun for passenger rail service beyond Portland, Maine.
Corridor surrounding exhibition area is excellent.
Corridors affect plants, animals, and their interactions in fragmented landscapes.
Corridors allow individuals to search for habitats outside of their of natal territory.
Corridors also follow the great limbs and roots and divide into the branches.
Corridors are a bit sterile, but rooms are nice and comfortable, good security.
Corridors are analogous to twisting streets and rooms to houses.
Corridors are connections between separate areas of similar habitats.
Corridors are constant or variable width areas around an element or feature.
Corridors are continuous structures like canals and wooded banks.
Corridors are equal bandwidths on both sides of a line.
Corridors are free from obstructions.
Corridors are long and wide and offer pleasurable walks in the winter months.
Corridors are passageways.
Corridors can be narrow as a culvert or wider than an eight-lane freeway.
Corridors can unify and define neighborhoods.
Corridors connect at least two separate wildlife areas.
Corridors connect multi-levels and a pair of bars like a gay starship.
Corridors contain paintings and three-dimensional constructions.
Corridors covers various applications pertaining to corridors.
Corridors cross numerous local jurisdictional lines.
Corridors generally follow rivers and streams, and wildlife migration routes.
Corridors increase immigration rates to reserves.
Corridors is a completely different album than Windows Of Heaven .
Corridors lead sideways from the shafts to reach the coal.
Corridors lead to the flanking pavilions which have been adapted as meeting rooms.
Corridors provide a warm, intimate scale for relating to artwork.
Corridors provide cover for many different types of wildlife and maintain diversity.
Corridors provide the public space for neighborhoods.
Corridors wind well and a good combination of sprites and textures make the maps look stunning.
Corridors usually contain just one primary type of habitat.
Many corridors are useless.
A corrie is a basin
Corrie asks for time to think about it.
Corrie comes up with a way to make everybody happy.
Corrie goes alone into the jungle.
Corrie throws the ball into the air as the clock winds to zero.
Corries form in hollows where snow can accumulate.
Corroboration can occur by independent police work, such as observations of the police themselves.
Corroboration is a method reporters employ to access credibility.
Corroboration is an important test of truth.
Corroboration is available from several secular and Jewish historians of antiquity.
Corroboration is confirmation
Corroboration is evidence which confirms the accuracy of other evidence in a material particular.
Corroboration is important when children's illnesses are diagnosed.
Corroboration is the tendency of our perceptions to reflect and confirm our preconceptions.
Corroded connectors can cause intermittents and signal attenuation.
Corroded metals can become part of the reaction, causing the oxides of nitrogen.
Corroded tanks have to be sandblasted and recoated.
Corrosion engineering is the field dedicated to controlling and stopping corrosion.
Corrosion fatigue refers to the simultaneous action of corrosion and fatigue.
Corrosion inhibitor is added to restore balance.
Corrosion inhibitor is added to the product water for corrosion control.
Corrosion inhibitors are no exception.
Corrosion inhibitors are used to minimize the corrosion of steel and steel bars in concrete.
Corrosion inhibitors coat drain pipes with an invisible film which protects pipes.
Corrosion inhibitors containing chromates and phosphates contribute to a plant's pollution load.
Corrosion inhibitors do two things.
Corrosion inhibitors help by reducing the aggressiveness of the environment.
Corrosion inhibitors protect bearings, rings, and the valve train from acidic attack and pitting.
Corrosion inhibitors provide protection and save time.
Corrosion prevention is an utmost necessity in engines, especially in small aircraft engines.
Corrosion prevention is the main reason for cleaning the heat exchanger.
Corrosion resistance allows use where methanol-based fuels corrode steel.
Corrosion resistance features.
Corrosion resistance increases as Phosphorous level increases.
Corrosion resistance is a function of thickness.
Corrosion resistance is a strong selling point for construction materials.
Corrosion resistance is better in de-aerated acid.
Corrosion resistance is dispositions.
Corrosion resistance is good.
Corrosion resistance is similar to that of commercially pure wrought nickel.
Corrosion also can be the result of microbiological organisms such as bacteria, fungus, and algae.
Corrosion also can cause depressions in the floor, or tiny pinholes.
Corrosion also occurs when an acidic or basic material touches another material .
Corrosion also occurs when an acidic or basic material touches another material.
Corrosion also plagues American industry.
Corrosion also releases dissolved metal into the bloodstream, which is undesirable.
Corrosion begins in microscopic proportions.
Corrosion can also attack the integrity of the source pool itself.
Corrosion can also occur around the headlamp.
Corrosion can be a direct result of acidic oxidation.
Corrosion can be a factor.
Corrosion can cause failure of pipes, tanks, etc.
Corrosion can cause long term damage, and can help the water pump to fail.
Corrosion can do the same.
Corrosion can occur between the metal of the crown and any underlying metal eg amalgam.
Corrosion can occur during chip fabrication because of exposure to rinse solvents.
Corrosion can occur during millisecond events in the waveform.
Corrosion can occur electrochemically, and can be enhanced microbiologically.
Corrosion can occur from water that is high in acidity and high in temperature.
Corrosion can occur in both low temperature and elevated temperature environments.
Corrosion can occur in the fuse holder on bikes used in all weathers.
Corrosion can occur in the storage tank and on boiler fireside surfaces.
Corrosion can occur regardless of whether the aircraft is being operated.
Corrosion can occur when water reacts with metal plumbing.
Corrosion can pit the metal bores of the master cylinder, slave cylinders and ABS components.
Corrosion can reduce the life-span of equipment by years, requiring expensive replacement.
Corrosion can result in costly repairs, production downtime, and lost profits.
Corrosion can ruin thread handling parts within a few days.
Corrosion causes weakening, and when a solder joint is affected can contribute to sagging .
Corrosion causing gas leakage is highly unlikely, as corrosion rates are extremely low.
Corrosion continues at slower rate on silver phase.
Corrosion continues unhampered under the rubber and tight fitting clamp.
Corrosion contributes to corrosion.
Corrosion costs money, time and failures.
Corrosion degrades metal alloys with chemical or electro-chemical reactions.
Corrosion eats away at the aircraft s structural parts.
Corrosion eats away the metal effecting the durability of the boiler.
Corrosion Eats up the Money.
Corrosion Eats Up the Money.
Corrosion immediately sets in.
Corrosion increases with increasing temperatures.
Corrosion increases with temperature.
Corrosion is a chemical reaction and therefore corrosion increases with temperature.
Corrosion is a common cause of instrument malfunction.
Corrosion is a complex phenomenon.
Corrosion is a constant problem for aluminum aircraft.
Corrosion is a constant problem with all civil and military aircraft.
Corrosion is a distinct possibility in the areas beneath the wet insulation.
Corrosion is a general term that indicates the conversion of a metal into a soluble compound.
Corrosion is a major problem for all wheel systems.
Corrosion is a major problem specially when deicing has to be done.
Corrosion is a major problem.
Corrosion is a natural process by which metals attempt to return to their original or state.
Corrosion is a persistent problem.
Corrosion is a problem and the cylinders are inexpensive.
Corrosion is a problem during the rainy season.
Corrosion is a problem in virtually all concrete structures.
Corrosion is a problem.
Corrosion is a reality of being an amphibious force, but it has a greater effect on aging equipment.
Corrosion is a serious problem in air transport fleet which is rapidly aging.
Corrosion is affected by the properties of both the metal or alloy and the environment.
Corrosion is also a consideration.
Corrosion is always a concern with sewer pipes.
Corrosion is an electro chemical reaction that results in a loss of metal at the cathode.
Corrosion is another oxidation reaction, occurring when metal is in contact with oxygen.
Corrosion is avoided.
Corrosion is caused by the introduction of moisture into the fork.
Corrosion is chemical processes.
Corrosion is deterioration
Corrosion is deterioration.
Corrosion is every bit as insidious as chafe, but can be much harder to uncover.
Corrosion is evident by the presence of green verdigris on the brass cartridge cases.
Corrosion is excluded from the warrantee.
Corrosion is inevitable with steel tanks.
Corrosion is inevitable with unprotected mild steel tanks.
Corrosion is inhibited between mating threads.
Corrosion is metal's prime enemy when it comes to longevity.
Corrosion is more prevalent in coastal areas, but it can be started by other processes.
Corrosion is non-existent.
Corrosion is one of the largest causes of latent or field defects.
Corrosion is reduced by adding oxygen scavenging chemicals to the boiler water.
Corrosion is seen to proceed from the surface of the tapes.
Corrosion is simply oxidation.
Corrosion is terrible.
Corrosion is the dissolving of rock by carbonic acid in sea water.
Corrosion is the enemy of the parking brake.
Corrosion is the main problem, which is accelerated by cooling system neglect.
Corrosion is the main problem.
Corrosion is the primary life-limiting plant degradation mechanism.
Corrosion is the unwanted breakdown and weakening of a material due to chemical reactions.
Corrosion is the unwanted oxidation of metals resulting in metal oxides.
Corrosion isa deterioration.
Corrosion leads to lower pressure.
Corrosion leads to lower water pressure.
Corrosion leads to pressure.
Corrosion leads to water pressure.
Corrosion occurs at the anodic areas.
Corrosion occurs in regions of low gold content.
Corrosion occurs slowly when soot and ash deposits are in contact with metal for some time.
Corrosion occurs when the aqueous phase is transported over the metal surface.
Corrosion occurs with the other metals in a cooling system, copper, iron, aluminum etc.
Corrosion only occurs at the anodes where the current leaves and enter the soil.
Corrosion poses problems.
Corrosion poses serious problems.
Corrosion presents the biggest threat to a water's heat.
Corrosion produces the same effect.
Corrosion refers to any process involving the deterioration or degradation of metal components.
Corrosion refers to the deterioration of metals.
Corrosion remains a problem so oxygen scavenging chemicals are added to address the problem.
Corrosion repair on the main engine heat shield attach points continues.
Corrosion requires oxygen and moisture.
Corrosion takes place through an electrochemical cell.
Corrosion takes place when the salt water of the sea dissolves the mineral in some forms of rock.
Corrosion takes places.
Corrosion tends to happen because the organic material in the sewage gives off hydrogen sulfide.
Corrosion weakens the aircraft structurally and needs the attention of a mechanic.
Corrosion always increases with additional heat.
Corrosion always increases with an increase in product or face temperature.
Corrosion always increases with heat.
Corrosion always increases with increasing temperature.
Corrosion often leads to replacement or at least to repair of the part.
Corrosion usually indicates improper lubrication.
Corrosion usually is due to water solutions that have degraded, allowing the conductivity to rise.
Corrosion usually occurs slowly.
Most corrosion destroys the mode conversion signals that allow the technique to evaluate the bolt.
Most corrosion leads to lower pressure.
Most corrosion leads to lower water pressure.
Most corrosion leads to pressure.
Most corrosion leads to water pressure.
Most corrosion poses problems.
Most corrosion poses serious problems.
Most corrosion takes places.
Some corrosion affects integrity.
Some corrosion affects structural integrity.
Some corrosion is caused by moisture.
Some corrosion naturally collects around the battery.
Corrosive burns are among the most common injuries in the lab.
Corrosive chemicals can burn, irritate, or destructively attack living tissue.
Corrosive corruption has a become institutionalised, especially in politics and in business.
Corrosive esophagitis is narrowing of the esophagus caused by chemical damage.
Corrosive gases can also attack and corrode metals.
Corrosive gases can cause rapid destruction of skin and eye tissue.
Corrosive gases can cause rapid destruction of skin tissue.
Corrosive gases combined with condensation can cause severe corrosion problems.
Corrosive gases require regulators designed specifically for the gas type.
Corrosive materials are hazardous because they burn, irritate or damage tissue on contact.
Corrosive materials are present in almost every workplace.
Corrosive materials can severely irritate, or in come cases, burn the eyes.
Corrosive materials range from mildly active to materials capable of causing deep chemical burns.
Many corrosive materials exhibit additional hazards.
Most corrosive materials are hazardous wastes.
Corrosive oxidizers can also attack and destroy metal.
All corrosive poisons are irritants in smaller amounts.
Corrosive spill controls neutralize the hazardous nature of the spilled material.
Corrosive wastes can cause a chemical action that eats away materials or living tissue.
Corrosive water can also cause leaks in plumbing.
Corrosive water can open a properly sized slot over time to the point of pumping sand.
Corrosive water is the most common problem followed by bacterial contamination.
Corrosive waters can cause problems related to public health, aesthetics and economics.
Corrosive wear involves both chemical activity and mechanical action.
Corrosive wear is largely the result of acidic blowby products formed during fuel combustion.
Corrosive is a compound
Corrosive is compounds.
Corrosives are materials that can attack and chemically destroy body tissues on contact.
Corrosives are materials that can attack and chemically destroy exposed body tissues.
Corrosives are materials that cause tissue destruction on contact.
Corrosives can also damage or destroy metal.
Corrosives can also damage or even destroy metal.
Corrosives can burn and destroy body tissues on contact.
Corrosives can destroy containers made of improper materials.
Corrosives touching the skin can severely irritate or even badly burn and blister the skin.
Many corrosives are also water reactive.
Most corrosives are either acids or bases.
Some corrosives are also flammable or combustible and can easily catch fire and burn or explode.
Some corrosives are incompatible with each other.
Some corrosives are incompatible with other chemicals.
Some corrosives are toxic and can cause other health problems.
Some corrosives require closed head pails.
Corrugated boxes are a major source of waste in industry.
Corrugated boxes have two layers of flat cardboard with a ribbed layer in between.
Corrugated cardboard can also replace shiny gift bags for wrapping wine.
Corrugated cardboard consists of two layers of heavy cardboard with a ribbed section in between.
Corrugated cardboard has a ribbed section sandwiched between two layers of paper .
Corrugated cardboard has three layers with the middle cardboard layer grooved.
Corrugated cardboard has wavey-type layer in between.
Corrugated cardboard is a common packing material that many businesses accumulate as waste.
Corrugated cardboard is cardboard
Corrugated cardboard is collected at several locations across campus.
Corrugated cardboard is collected in dumpsters at several locations around campus.
Corrugated cardboard is easy to recognize.
Corrugated cardboard is preferred for trunk banding.
Corrugated cardboard is processed by a recycler.
Corrugated cardboard is recycled into new cardboard and cereal boxes.
Corrugated cardboard is the most common building product packaging material.
Corrugated cardboard is the thicker type of cardboard and is recyclable on campus.
Corrugated cardboard is used mostly to manufacture cardboard boxes.
Corrugated cardboard makes an excellent brooder guard and can be discarded when it becomes soiled.
Corrugated cardboard makes up a large portion of the retail trade's garbage.
Corrugated cardboard presents a certain amount of challenge and is readily available.
Corrugated cardboard provides resting areas that earwigs find attractive.
Corrugated cardboard rounds, or cake circles, are invaluable too.
Corrugated cartons contain corrugations which can become perfect egg and roach breeding grounds.
Corrugated copper delivers high crush and shear strength.
A corrugated fastener is a fixing
Corrugated fasteners are difficult to find and come with our harware package.
A corrugated iron is sheet metal
Corrugated iron covers the roof trimmed with scalloped barge boards.
Corrugated iron guttering leads the water into tanks.
Corrugated metal implies a good sail.
Corrugated metal is the predominant roofing material.
Corrugated packaging is inexpensive and always readily available.
Corrugated paper is used to make new paperboard and corrugated boxes.
Corrugated plastic can be sharp if cut to a point, please be careful.
Corrugated plastic is made by several manufacturers.
Corrugated sheets give just the right amount of load stability at an economical cost.
Corrugated surface holds water better so more water gets past oil, etc.
Corrugation involves bending flat steel into curves or waves.
Corrugation is a form of plastic deformation typified by ripples across the pavement surface.
Corrugation is a ridge
Corrugation is ridges.
Corrugations allow knives to be ground in conventional head.
Corrugations are available for the right particle size from coarse to fine.
Corrugations are probably a single phenomenon with different assumed simplifying hypotheses.
Corrugations can make the armor more flexible.
Corrugations develop most easily on dry, dusty roads.
Corrugations go up to roof level.
Corrugations Now consider circumferential slots cut in the inner wall of the pipe.
Corrugations reach up to window level.
Corrulite construction yields a case which, pound for pound, offers a real protective value.
Corrupt bureaucrats can rest easy, at least until the presidential elections.
Corrupt characters seem to imagine there is more power in the way they are using it.
Corrupt communication is a reference to that which is tainted.
Corrupt communication proceeds from a corrupt heart.
Corrupt cops get fabulous bribes.
Corrupt courts prosecute on false charges, ignoring the right to due process.
Corrupt decisions impose damages to workers whose wage is varied in two treatments.
Corrupt disks can be common and one's processor and video speeds affect which is the best player.
Corrupt empires can last a very long time, but it'll become a more toxic place to live.
Corrupt governments are in league with big business to exploit worker citizens.
Corrupt governments turn a blind eye to the devastation.
Corrupt guards look the other way as arms of all sorts are smuggled into the jail.
Corrupt influences are once again at work.
Many corrupt officers are back in the saddle.
Corrupt officials pervade government offices at all levels and raise the costs of doing business.
Corrupt officials stay in their jobs and the taxpayer loses more than ever.
Corrupt officials target the powerless.
Corrupt ones do.
Corrupt politicians rely on uninformed voters for reelection.
Corrupt practices are a great impediment to a better future for Pakistan.
Corrupt practices are also quite common.
Corrupt practices drain government coffers, play havoc with free trade and scare away investors.
Corrupt rulers try to govern by corrupting the hearts and minds of their subjects.
Corrupt science has two salient characteristics.
Corrupt senators wear sumptuous velvet togas, living handsomely on majestic wealth and vast power.
Corrupt texts abound.
Corrupted check bytes on input.
Corrupted data can be hazardous.
Corrupted fonts are one of the most dastardly things to diagnose.
Corrupted morals is the link between sex-ed and abortion.
Corrupted persons assume that sin pays and morality is stupid.
Corrupted persons focus on subjectivity and use it as the basis for everything they do.
Corrupted persons lack awareness, because their awareness gets corrupted.
Corrupted settings file.
Corrupted worth is the ability to acquire power.
Corruption acts like sand in the machinery rather than as a lubricant.
Corruption affects poor people much more than rich people.
Corruption affects the number of firms in a free entry equilibrium.
Corruption already exists.
Corruption also compromises the safety implementation process.
Corruption also contributes to the fragility of the Indonesian economy.
Corruption also corrodes the people's confidence in their government.
Corruption also discourages investment.
Corruption also distorts the redistri-butive role of the state.
Corruption also hinders political and economic transparency, necessary in a democracy.
Corruption also is an integral part of the system.
Corruption also limits the effectiveness of Central American governments' narcotics control efforts.
Corruption also reduces incentive for the clear, comprehensive thinking necessary for good design.
Corruption also undermines the integrity and efficiency of macroeconomic policy programs.
Corruption becomes a way of life, institutionalized in the government.
Corruption becomes more difficult.
Corruption bedevils police forces, court systems, the customs service, and even the military.
Corruption begins from elections themselves.
Corruption blocks social and economic progress and undermines faith in government.
Corruption breeds corruption, though, and there are many interrelated factors involved.
Corruption breeds corruption.
Corruption breeds cynicism and distrust among the electorate.
Corruption can also play a positive social role because it is a way of re-distributing wealth.
Corruption can be graft or abuse of power and other unlawful things.
Corruption can be incidental, institutional or systemic.
Corruption can bleed the public trust.
Corruption can cast apocalyptic spells of death and destruction.
Corruption can defeat any effort to use public power for a public purpose.
Corruption can determine who gets what position.
Corruption can have a direct influence on business success.
Corruption can hold back an entire country.
Corruption can occur at all levels in society and in all countries.
Corruption can severely distort any quality-based component of consultant selection.
Corruption can take root in all three parties to the relationship.
Corruption can undermine local government credibility and can deepen urban poverty.
Corruption causes inefficiency and unfairness.
Corruption causes people to lose faith.
Corruption causes vast sums of money to be mis-allocated by public officials.
Corruption certainly exists in Mexico, but probably no more than anywhere else.
Corruption challenges the popular legitimacy of democratic institutions.
Corruption clearly means here eternal death.
Corruption comes from both sides.
Corruption comes from restlessness.
Corruption constitutes a serious drain on resources available for development.
Corruption consumes the Mexican government, and the people knew it all too well.
Corruption continues to be a major issue.
Corruption continues to be a serious problem.
Corruption continues to be excessive . . .
Corruption continues to be excessive.
Corruption continues to be pervasive.
Corruption continues to divert public funds into the pockets of corrupt officials.
Corruption continues to soar, but is now more decently veiled.
Corruption costs the nation millions of dollars.
Corruption covers the spectrum from subtle alteration to thorough destruction.
Corruption creates political instability and conflict.
Corruption debilitates and destabilizes government institutions.
Corruption decreases national budget resources.
Corruption defeats democracy.
Corruption destroys the future of our society.
Corruption dilutes the influence of an individual voter.
Corruption discourages foreign investment and disrupts normal business practices.
Corruption distorts the decision making of both the public and the private sectors.
Corruption distorts the market's allocative mechanisms and powers.
Corruption does happen to files once in a while, servers do crash and errors occur.
Corruption does impede progress towards our major goals in Bosnia.
Corruption does occur due to, oh, who knows.
Corruption drains countries of their vitality and erodes democracy.
Corruption drains the coffers in many others.
Corruption drives up costs and causes economic distortions.
Corruption eats at the very roots of democracy.
Corruption emerges as a core poverty issue.
Corruption emerges as a key poverty issue.
Corruption erodes public confidence in government.
Corruption exists everywhere.
Corruption exists in both government and business.
Corruption exists in every society, but in many developing countries, it's pervasive.
Corruption exists in the U.S. and Canada as well.
Corruption feeds and grows on government regulations and control.
Corruption feeds on controls.
Corruption follows illegality.
Corruption governs the country.
Corruption greases the axle.
Corruption hampers economic growth, discourages public and private investment and worsens poverty.
Corruption has a devastating economic and social impact.
Corruption has a long heritage in the archipelago.
Corruption has a subliminal effect on young people.
Corruption has deep historical roots in Brazil and other developing countries.
Corruption has harmful effects on society.
Corruption has many victims, especially when it involves courts and law enforcement agencies.
Corruption has no borders.
Corruption has personal and direct implications for our individual citizens.
Corruption has social, political and economic dimension redtapism is the father of corruption.
Corruption has the dubious distinction of being universally practiced.
Corruption has to be attacked on multiple fronts.
Corruption has to be dealt with by a combination of forces within a country.
Corruption has to be recognised as the first serious menace to Western democracies.
Corruption here is ubiquitous compared to neighboring Bolivia , Brazil and Argentina .
Corruption hinders drug investigations.
Corruption hinders growth of domestic business just as much as acquiring foreign direct investment.
Corruption hits ministry.
Corruption hurts every economy.
Corruption impacts severely on law enforcement.
Corruption impedes economic efficiency.
Corruption impedes growth and investment and penalizes the poor.
Corruption implies acquiring wealth or other benefits through illegal means.
Corruption imposes a constraint on governance and appears therefore to be harmful for the principal.
Corruption increases because the government is giving away money.
Corruption indeed has a long history in India.
Corruption inevitably leads to political decline.
Corruption infects both rich and poor nations.
Corruption infects the state.
Corruption invariably accompanies illicit traffic in arms.
Corruption involves the abuse of public office for private gain.
Corruption irrefutably exists at the highest levels of the Colombian government.
Corruption is a barrier to good government.
Corruption is a cancer that destroys our world from within.
Corruption is a cancer which is slowly, but surely eating into the vitals of our Nation.
Corruption is a cancer.
Corruption is a cause of some non-payment.
Corruption is a complex social, political and economic phenomenon.
Corruption is a constant in human history.
Corruption is a crime against humanity.
Corruption is a crime.
Corruption is a curse and an attack on the functions of any civilised society.
Corruption is a deep-rooted disease in India.
Corruption is a difficult problem to speak of or solve.
Corruption is a direct attack on the institution of democratic government.
Corruption is a key theme for Colombia's stumping candidates.
Corruption is a large problem.
Corruption is a main factor in the collapse of the Indonesian economy.
Corruption is a major obstacle to economic development.
Corruption is a major part of science, when it can take over physics in such an unlimited way.
Corruption is a major problem in Guatemalan society.
Corruption is a major problem in our union.
Corruption is a major problem in the EPZs, especially in the bonded zones.
Corruption is a major problem in the government.
Corruption is a major public concern in America.
Corruption is a misallocation of capital, where resources are directed for noneconomic purposes.
Corruption is a more overt problem in Africa than in any other part of the world.
Corruption is a national disaster.
Corruption is a natural consequence of personal politics.
Corruption is a normal political practice in many countries.
Corruption is a part of life in Vietnam.
Corruption is a pernicious and pervasive social evil.
Corruption is a pervasive way of life in our society, and it is worse in many other countries.
Corruption is a pre-requisite to success in Capitalism.
Corruption is a problem.
Corruption is a real problem in the country and the reform package seeks to address it.
Corruption is a regular effect of interventionism.
Corruption is a rot that chokes off economies and undermines political legitimacy.
Corruption is a serious and growing problem.
Corruption is a serious economic problem.
Corruption is a serious impediment to efforts to stem the flow of narcotics to and through Armenia.
Corruption is a serious offense.
Corruption is a serious problem today, and it starts right at the top.
Corruption is a significant problem .
Corruption is a significant problem within Georgia's law enforcement agencies.
Corruption is a significant problem.
Corruption is a societal problem that manifests at domestic and international levels.
Corruption is a subtle concept that can only be measured relative to a user's intent.
Corruption is a transnational crime that calls for concerned international action.
Corruption is a transnational crime that calls for concerted international action.
Corruption is a transnational phenomenon.
Corruption is a two way street and for every bribe taker, there is a bribe giver.
Corruption is a universal phenomena and cuts across both developed and developing companies.
Corruption is a universal problem.
Corruption is a way of life, and killing is a lucrative business.
Corruption is a way of life.
Corruption is all that remains.
Corruption is alleged in the courts, and legislative provisions are ignored.
Corruption is all-pervasive in our country.
Corruption is also a big problem.
Corruption is also a problem in some of the new companies.
Corruption is also a reality and a serious enough problem in Romania.
Corruption is also an obvious factor that rules boxing.
Corruption is also another important ethical issue in investigative journalism.
Corruption is also prevalent within other departments belonging to the criminal justice system.
Corruption is an ever-present influence throughout the political hierarchy.
Corruption is an integral part of custom officers.
Corruption is an issue everywhere.
Corruption is an issue, too.
Corruption is an issue.
Corruption is another factor that makes it easy for large-scale financial fraud.
Corruption is another force of environmental destruction.
Corruption is another major contributor to forest destruction.
Corruption is another major problem and severe constraints on the economy have left many unemployed.
Corruption is another major problem, although it is difficult to establish just how big.
Corruption is another plague.
Corruption is another problem in transitioning economies.
Corruption is anti-development.
Corruption is anything that diminishes the good.
Corruption is as much an ethical and political problem as it is a market problem.
Corruption is as old as history.
Corruption is as old as man, according to some people.
Corruption is at least annoying to both international banks and direct investors.
Corruption is at the root and no political party other than military rule can control it.
Corruption is bad enough in solvent states.
Corruption is believed to be widespread at all levels.
Corruption is big.
Corruption is blatant, crime endemic.
Corruption is both a governance and a developmental issue.
Corruption is both personal and systemic.
Corruption is built on mutual expectations.
Corruption is by definition hidden.
Corruption is caused by one of the following conditions.
Corruption is common within Lebanese law enforcement agencies.
Corruption is commonplace in Colombia.
Corruption is corruption.
Corruption is criminalized in many countries.
Corruption is custom.
Corruption is decay.
Corruption is deep rooted.
Corruption is deeply rooted in our totalitarian past.
Corruption is deeply unpopular in Taiwan.
Corruption is definable and criminal.
Corruption is defined as the abuse of offices of trust for private gain.
Corruption is degradations.
Corruption is deplorable.
Corruption is difficult to assess using directly verifiable data or statistics.
Corruption is disgusting.
Corruption is dishonesty
Corruption is endemic all the way to the top.
Corruption is endemic and reaches all levels of government.
Corruption is endemic and the inexperienced charities are cruelly exploited.
Corruption is endemic at every level of the Liberian government.
Corruption is endemic in Guatemala and permeates all levels of government.
Corruption is endemic in many Asian countries, including China.
Corruption is endemic in Russian society.
Corruption is endemic in the government bureaucracy, civil service, and business.
Corruption is endemic in the land of the unfree.
Corruption is endemic in the system.
Corruption is endemic throughout the former Soviet Union and Armenia is no exception.
Corruption is endemic within the political and military establishments.
Corruption is endemic, though the current government has made efforts to curtail the worst abuses.
Corruption is endemic.
Corruption is even greater in the disbursement of compensation.
Corruption is everywhere and the poorest people of the world suffer the most.
Corruption is everywhere and widely accepted as a fact of life.
Corruption is everywhere.
Corruption is evident at every level of the judicial system.
Corruption is global in nature.
Corruption is hard to control as there is no strong national government.
Corruption is human activities.
Corruption is immorality.
Corruption is in the essence of a community.
Corruption is incipient in all human societies and in most activities.
Corruption is inducements.
Corruption is inherent in every political System.
Corruption is inseparable from capitalism.
Corruption is institutional in Angola, nothing is done without the payment of a bribe.
Corruption is institutional in Angola.
Corruption is institutionalized throughout the entire forest industry.
Corruption is integral to the organization of crime.
Corruption is just an outward sign of a rotten system.
Corruption is king, and the media are a very callous palace court.
Corruption is lewdness and idol worship.
Corruption is like a deadly virus.
Corruption is like weeds.
Corruption is massive and endemic.
Corruption is merely a nasty word for the autumn of a people.
Corruption is more rampant than ever.
Corruption is motivated by personal gain and self-interest.
Corruption is multifaceted and takes on different forms.
Corruption is negligible in only two countries - Tunisia and Botswana.
Corruption is nothing new in Honduras.
Corruption is now a major problem.
Corruption is now at the top of the public agenda in most Asian countries.
Corruption is now less of a problem.
Corruption is now the biggest scourge.
Corruption is now the greatest problem.
Corruption is now widespread.
Corruption is of increasing concern in Zimbabwe.
Corruption is often an expression of selfish indifference for authorities and their power systems.
Corruption is often at the root of environmental problems.
Corruption is often the price the church pays when it enjoys the favor of government.
Corruption is okay.
Corruption is omniform and omnipresent .
Corruption is on the other hand a plague that is very old.
Corruption is one big obstacle to national economic progress and real personal advancement.
Corruption is one face of injustice.
Corruption is one of the hottest issues.
Corruption is one of the most serious problems facing the world today.
Corruption is one of the most serious security risks.
Corruption is one of the world's oldest and best established vices.
Corruption is one problem.
Corruption is one species of system breakdown.
Corruption is only possible once the words have been written down.
Corruption is our worst problem.
Corruption is out of control.
Corruption is part and parcel of the U.S. electoral system.
Corruption is part of how government is run in the Philippines.
Corruption is perceived as a social evil .
Corruption is perceived as widespread.
Corruption is perhaps the most often cited reason.
Corruption is pervasive among customs, immigration and police personnel.
Corruption is pervasive at all levels of government.
Corruption is pervasive at all levels of officialdom.
Corruption is pervasive in government and business.
Corruption is pervasive, and ethnic animosities are great.
Corruption is pervasive.
Corruption is present at many levels.
Corruption is prevalent and much crime is tied to commercial activity.
Corruption is prevalent in Egypt.
Corruption is primarily an economc problem.
Corruption is probably endemic.
Corruption is quantitative.
Corruption is rampant among government officials.
Corruption is rampant among the guards and staff.
Corruption is rampant and money talks.
Corruption is rampant in China.
Corruption is rampant in the Hungarian government.
Corruption is rampant in Washington.
Corruption is rampant, and a handful of people have things comfortably in control.
Corruption is rampant, and local governments intervene in cases.
Corruption is rampant, and western investors have shown only minimal interest.
Corruption is rampant, as are drugs.
Corruption is rampant, while the public administration is bureaucratic and slow.
Corruption is rampant, with bribes frequently demanded for a suspect s release.
Corruption is rampant.
Corruption is related to many local and global issues.
Corruption is reportedly on the rise as the country falls deeper into debt.
Corruption is reportedly pervasive throughout the government, civil service, and business sectors.
Corruption is rife and reaches into every aspect of life.
Corruption is rife and unemployment and illiteracy are endemic.
Corruption is rife in the police force and civil service.
Corruption is rife in Ukraine at all levels of the bureaucracy.
Corruption is rife throughout the country and is preventing normal functionning.
Corruption is rife, and good roads, water and power are in short supply.
Corruption is rife, and human rights abuses are routinely carried out against critics of the regime.
Corruption is rife, more cancerous than at any time in Liberian history.
Corruption is rife.
Corruption is shown to exist at high levels.
Corruption is still rampant, despite a crackdown last year.
Corruption is still widespread in many government departments.
Corruption is still widespread.
Corruption is taken for granted.
Corruption is the act of taking the loot and looking the other way.
Corruption is the bane of Nigeria.
Corruption is the central tool of the criminal protectors.
Corruption is the dirty laundry of any agency, organization, or country.
Corruption is the foundation on which public management and economic relations are built.
Corruption is the greatest eroding factor in a society .
Corruption is the issue.
Corruption is the key to the problem.
Corruption is the largest impediment to investment.
Corruption is the market for official discretion.
Corruption is the more sophisticated way.
Corruption is the most pervasive problem, experts say.
Corruption is the number one enemy of respect for law, strict enforcement of law and justice.
Corruption is the political tumor of East Asia.
Corruption is the real thorn in the flesh.
Corruption is the theme as they are compared and contrasted to one another.
Corruption is the unwritten official court policy.
Corruption is the use of public resources for private ends.
Corruption is the worst case of infection.
Corruption is the worst form of disrespect.
Corruption is their basic strategic weapon.
Corruption is their way of life.
Corruption is to contracting out what peanut butter is to jelly.
Corruption is tolerated.
Corruption is too serious a subject to be trivialised.
Corruption is too subtle a poison to be approached, without injury.
Corruption is tyranny.
Corruption is undoubtedly the most insidious and most difficult to defeat.
Corruption is universal and contagious.
Corruption is very bad.
Corruption is very flexible.
Corruption is very harmful for a society and country.
Corruption is very much a social and political issue.
Corruption is very rare and when discovered is consistently punished.
Corruption is very rare, and when discovered, consistently punished.
Corruption is viewed as the number one national problem by Panamanian voters.
Corruption is well entrenched in many countries in which Australian companies do business.
Corruption is widespread in all branches of government.
Corruption is widespread in Bulgaria, including among police and customs officials.
Corruption is widespread in India .
Corruption is widespread in India.
Corruption is widespread in Nigerian government and society.
Corruption is widespread.
Corruption is yet another legacy of the colonial and apartheid eras.
Corruption is, of course, present in developed countries.
Corruption kills investment dead.
Corruption makes strange bedfellows.
Corruption manifests itself as extortion.
Corruption necessarily denotes something which was previously good, and so it is with man.
Corruption negates the principles of equity, liberty, fraternity, dignity, neutrality.
Corruption now moves from tragedy to disaster.
Corruption now reigns in many once sacred places in Richmond.
Corruption occurs everywhere.
Corruption occurs when the charges are rearranged or deleted entirely.
Corruption Pay a bribe, take a tax write off.
Corruption pervades daily life even in the prim and often hectoring countries of the West.
Corruption pervades everywhere in the country.
Corruption pervades nearly every aspect of Indian life.
Corruption plays a major role in deforestation.
Corruption plays a part at government level too.
Corruption poses a heavy burden disproportionately on the poor.
Corruption poses a serious development challenge.
Corruption poses a significant problem.
Corruption reduces the public resources available for education, as indicated above.
Corruption related to defence is another.
Corruption remains a major barrier to private and public transactions.
Corruption remains a major challenge to building democratic institutions of government.
Corruption remains a major obstacle in poorer countries.
Corruption remains a major problem.
Corruption remains a problem with certain government officials.
Corruption remains a serious problem in all nations, affecting all parts of society.
Corruption remains one of the most pressing problems for conducting international business.
Corruption remains rife.
Corruption represents an unacceptable cost to business.
Corruption respects no borders, knows no economic distinctions, and infects all forms of government.
Corruption runs across the board in most bureaucracies.
Corruption runs rampant in the most powerful corporations.
Corruption runs unchecked.
Corruption runs, in most cases, from the top to bottom in positions of public trust.
Corruption seems to be the linking word.
Corruption seems to have become a pervasive way of life for much of our society.
Corruption soon sets in and false prophets show up.
Corruption spans a whole spectrum of unethical, immoral, illegitimate and illegal human activities.
Corruption still exists in government offices.
Corruption still exists in Malaysia, but there are major efforts at present to eradicate it.
Corruption still plays a major role in the university admission process.
Corruption still thrives, along with the black market.
Corruption strikes again.
Corruption subverts democratic institutions and destroys the free market system.
Corruption surrounding power is standard practice.
Corruption takes a level playing field and tilts it toward the dishonest.
Corruption takes countless forms.
Corruption takes half the treasury.
Corruption takes many forms.
Corruption takes place silently.
Corruption there is almost an institution.
Corruption thereby gains a new power.
Corruption therefore has a more significant dimension of moral and ethical deficiency.
Corruption threatens to undermine the legitimacy of governments.
Corruption thus deters international trade and, consequently, hinders economic growth.
Corruption thus wins the upper hand.
Corruption touches all countries.
Corruption typically occurs when users reboot workstations, power goes out, disk drives go bad.
Corruption undermines democracy.
Corruption undermines good governance and the effective use of scarce aid resources.
Corruption undermines the basis of that growth and stability, particularly in the developing world.
Corruption undermines the foundations of sustainable development in all developing countries.
Corruption weakens financial systems and the rule of law on which economic growth depends.
Corruption wears most people out.
Corruption always floats.
Corruptive evil consists in a deprivation of form, order and harmony.
A corsage is a floral arrangement
Corsages are available in wrist or pin format.
Corsages are essentially multiple boutonnieres attached to each other.
A corsair is a pirate ship
Corsair is in the second block on the right.
Corsair is well positioned to leverage that convergence in a meaningful way.
Corsair is within walking distance from the hotel - please see directions above.
Corsair offers a lifetime warranty on all parts.
Corsairs are pirates.
Corsairs turn corner.
Corsairs wrap up the season with a victory.
A corset is a foundation
Corsets are a very restricting thing.
Corsets are actually more of an accessory now, providing a means to shape the feminine form.
Corsets are also a common tool for some sexual fantasies especially in Europe and America.
Corsets are an old-fashioned women s undergarment.
Corsets are available in black or white.
Corsets are great, but tricky.
Corsets are great, they lock up all the fat.
Corsets are no longer pieces of costumery or merely undergarments worn and never seen.
Corsets are now available in standard or custom sizing.
Corsets are pretty interesting items of the history of fashion.
Corsets are quite short and quite long to suit the fancy of the wearer.
Corsets can vary in length.
Corsets come with a boned back lacing protector and fabric underbusk.
All corsets are custom made special order items.
Every corset is lined with strong cotton material.
Most corsets come with cotton lacings.
Corsican gastronomy is rich and varied .
Corsican gastronomy is rich and varied.
Corsican leaders are confident.
Corsican mint is a tiny, creeping plant that only reaches an inch high.
Corsican mint is an attractive creeper, good between paving stones or in the rock garden.
Corsican mint produces lilliputian white and purple flowers and reseeds rapidly each spring.
Corsican pine is sold on the local market for poles and fence post materials.
Cortec additives protect lubricant systems from corrosive environments and contaminants.
A cortex is a neural structure
Cortex contains only parenchyma cells.
Cortex isa body part.
Cortexes are part of cerebrums.
Cortexes have (part) axons.
Cortexes have (part) cell membranes.
Cortexes have (part) corpi.
Cortexes have (part) cytoplasm.
Cortexes have (part) dendrites.
Cortexes have (part) nuclei.
Cortexes have (part) plasma membranes.
Cortexes have (part) sections.
Cortexes have (part) vacuoles.
Cortexes have limitations.
Cortexes produce hormones.
Cortexes produce several steroid hormones.
Cortexes produce steroid hormones.
Cortexes serve functions.
Cortexs are plant tissue.
Cortices are asymmetrical.
Cortices are well defined and relatively radiopaque.
All cortex is laminated, meaning that it consists of distinct layers when seen under a microscope.
Most cortexes are part of cerebrums.
Most cortexes have limitations.
Most cortexes produce hormones.
Most cortexes produce several steroid hormones.
Most cortexes produce steroid hormones.
Most cortexes serve functions.
Some cortexes have appearances.
Some cortexes have arrangements.
Some cortexes have ideas.
Cortical activity occurs largely in the gray matter regions of the cortex.
Cortical amplitudes range from less than one up to seven or more microvolts.
A cortical area is an area
Some cortical areas are typically larger in one hemisphere as compared to the other.
Cortical arousal has a simple relationship to skin conductivity.
Cortical atrophy is identified.
Cortical atrophy is present in normal aging.
Cortical audiometry measures the response of the brain to pure tones.
Cortical bone is dense and compact.
Cortical bone is the hard outer shell of bones and the middle of long bones.
Cortical bone is the major component of tubular bone.
Cortical bone is very dense and solid.
Cortical bone serves principally for support.
A cortical cataract is a cataract
Cortical cataract is the next most common type, often affecting people who have diabetes.
Cortical cataracts affect the front of the lens.
Cortical destruction is evident postierolaterally.
Cortical destruction results from both involvement of penetrating vessels and pressure atrophy.
Cortical dysplasia is a focal area of abnormal brain development.
Cortical dysplasia tends to spare the hippocampal formation and principally affects the neocortex.
Cortical function depends upon the collective behavior and interactions of large numbers of neurons.
Cortical granules are membrane-enclosed organelles that release their contents at fertilization.
Cortical granules are the egg's homolog to the acrosome in sperm.
Cortical layer is thin and atrophic.
Cortical magnification neutralizes the eccentricity effect in visual search.
Cortical mapping demonstrates human somatosensory gyrus is larger than motor gyrus.
Cortical material is primarily a thin whitish perlite, with black glass showing.
Cortical material varies from a thin gray or brown to glassy.
Cortical microtubules are microtubules structuring the surfaces of cells.
Cortical necrosis can occur at any age.
Cortical nephrons have no collecting ducts.
Cortical neurons follow highly regulated spatial patterns of arrangement.
Cortical proliferation begins to regress after discontinuing therapy.
Cortical reaction makes the vitelline envelope hard a.
Cortical rotation promotes the rearrangement of inner cytoplasm.
Cortical stimulation elicits regional distinctions in auditory and visual naming.
Cortical strands grow from the primary haustorium parallel to and just above the cambium layer.
Cortical structure predicts the pattern of corticocortical connections.
Cortical surfaces show suppurative abscesses.
Cortical thickness is inconsistent, with the medial side of the element being considerably thicker.
Cortical thinning is the result of endocortical bone resorption.
Corticocortical axons suggest cloning from hexagonal engrams.
Corticospinal neurons exhibit a novel pattern of cytoskeletal gene expression after injury.
Corticosteroid administration is helpful only in decreasing the inflammatory response.
Corticosteroid dosage varies from disease to disease and from person to person.
Corticosteroid drugs are strong medications that help reduce inflammation.
Corticosteroid hormones are secreted by adrenal cortexes.
Corticosteroid hormones are secreted by cortexes.
Most corticosteroid hormones are secreted by adrenal cortexes.
Most corticosteroid hormones are secreted by cortexes.
Corticosteroid injection can result in marked progression of the disease.
Corticosteroid injections are often combined with aspiration for large joints.
Corticosteroid injections can be helpful.
Corticosteroid injections can be useful.
Corticosteroid injections can greatly relieve early carpal tunnel syndrome.
Corticosteroid medications reduce inflammation and decrease the activity of the immune system.
Corticosteroid medicines are very helpful.
Corticosteroid pills can also help reduce symptoms in some people.
Corticosteroid preparations are the most frequently used topical therapy for psoriasis.
Corticosteroid treatment causes bone loss by a variety of complex mechanisms.
Corticosteroid treatment is used in asthma, eczema and some forms of arthritis.
Corticosteroid treatments promote growth.
Most corticosteroid treatments promote growth.
Corticosteroid use is another treatment option.
Corticosteroid use is limited by side effects and the potential of long-term complications.
Corticosteroid use is the most common cause of non-traumatic osteonecrosis.
Corticosteroid withdrawal can result in remission.
A corticosteroid is a sex hormone
Corticosteroid isa hormone.
Corticosteroids accelerate clearance of symptoms, physiologic disturbances, and x-ray changes.
Corticosteroids accelerate the recovery from an exacerbation.
Corticosteroids affect growth.
Corticosteroids also affect the body's ability to create and maintain inflammation.
Corticosteroids also can decrease the effect of insulin, thereby posing problems for diabetics.
Corticosteroids also have a high therapeutic index when used for acute chemotherapy-induced emesis.
Corticosteroids also have very bad side effects themselves.
Corticosteroids alter the differentiated phenotype of articular chondrocytes.
Corticosteroids appear in breast milk and can suppress growth in infants.
Corticosteroids appear to also be more effective when used in a pulse fashion than when used daily.
Corticosteroids are a prescription product and come in both a pill and injectable form.
Corticosteroids are also anti-inflammatory drugs and are meant for short term use.
Corticosteroids are an alternative therapy.
Corticosteroids are an important part of keeping asthma under control for older patients.
Corticosteroids are an integral part of therapy for moderate to severe Crohn s disease.
Corticosteroids are another distinct group of drugs that are very potent anti-inflammatories.
Corticosteroids are anti-inflammatory medications used to reduce tissue inflammation.
Corticosteroids are available in several forms.
Corticosteroids are available only by prescription.
Corticosteroids are controversial.
Corticosteroids are corticosterone and aldosterone.
Corticosteroids are different from anabolic steroids that some athletes abuse.
Corticosteroids are different from anabolic steroids, which are used by some athletes.
Corticosteroids are drugs related to the natural hoemone cortisone.
Corticosteroids are drugs with very potent anti-inflammatory properties.
Corticosteroids are effective but have side effects that increase with chronic use.
Corticosteroids are effective in mild to moderate Crohn's disease.
Corticosteroids are especially potent drugs.
Corticosteroids are hormones produced by the adrenal cortex that affect many body processes.
Corticosteroids are hormones produced by the adrenal gland.
Corticosteroids are in general ineffective.
Corticosteroids are man-made drugs that closely resemble cortisone, a natural body hormone.
Corticosteroids are man-made forms of cortisol, a hormone made by the adrenal glands .
Corticosteroids are man-made forms of cortisol.
Corticosteroids are medications that are frequently prescribed for a variety of common illnesses.
Corticosteroids are medications that are often used to treat allergic reactions.
Corticosteroids are medicine.
Corticosteroids are much more commonly used if the disorder continues.
Corticosteroids are natural hormones produced by the adrenal glands.
Corticosteroids are natural substances found in the body that fight inflammation.
Corticosteroids are natural substances found in the body that help fight inflammation.
Corticosteroids are necessary to treat the more severe symptoms.
Corticosteroids are notorious for causing a variety of side-effects in humans.
Corticosteroids are of no value during the acute stages and are contraindicated.
Corticosteroids are particularly helpful when internal organs are involved.
Corticosteroids are particularly helpful.
Corticosteroids are potent and highly effective, especially when applied after bathing.
Corticosteroids are potent anti-inflammatory agents used in the management of asthma.
Corticosteroids are potent anti-inflammatory medications.
Corticosteroids are powerful and can have serious side effects.
Corticosteroids are similar to cortisol, a hormone produced by the adrenal glands in the body.
Corticosteroids are similar to cortisone, a hormone produced by the body.
Corticosteroids are similar to some hormones produced naturally in our bodies.
Corticosteroids are steroid hormones.
Corticosteroids are steroids.
Corticosteroids are still the drug of choice.
Corticosteroids are the drugs which are usually administered in an attempt to stop the inflammation.
Corticosteroids are the mainstay of therapy and can be given topically or systemically.
Corticosteroids are the mainstay of therapy.
Corticosteroids are the mainstay of treatment.
Corticosteroids are the most common type of medication prescribed for myositis.
Corticosteroids are the most commonly used agents for treating relapses or progressive illness.
Corticosteroids are the primary drugs used to treat any autoimmune disease.
Corticosteroids are the primary medication used for the treatment of sarcoidosis.
Corticosteroids are the primary treatment modality, with methotrexate used for refractory cases.
Corticosteroids are the refuge of the therapeutically destitute.
Corticosteroids are the treatment of choice.
Corticosteroids are to be avoided, if possible.
Corticosteroids are unlikely to be of benefit, even when neuropathy is demyelinating.
Corticosteroids are used if dietary management is unsuccessful.
Corticosteroids are useful for long-term treatment and are less useful for crisis.
Corticosteroids are useful only for temporarily reducing inflammation.
Corticosteroids are usually effective in curing minimal change disease.
Corticosteroids are usually the treatment of choice.
Corticosteroids are very effective anti-inflammatories and can be taken by inhaler or orally.
Corticosteroids are very effective in the control of allergies, asthma and many other diseases.
Corticosteroids are very helpful in reducing inflammation.
Corticosteroids are well known to cause osteoporosis and calcium loss.
Corticosteroids belong to the family of medicines called steroids.
Corticosteroids block the inflammation that narrows the airways.
Corticosteroids can also have adverse side effects.
Corticosteroids can block the body's ability to fight infection.
Corticosteroids can cause acne or increased hair growth to appear on the face or elsewhere.
Corticosteroids can cause high blood pressure, thinning of the bones and diabetes.
Corticosteroids can cause weight gain, a puffy-looking face, and weak bones.
Corticosteroids can go a long way in helping to relieve the symptoms of arthritis.
Corticosteroids can have effects.
Corticosteroids can have serious side effects if taken in high doses for prolonged periods.
Corticosteroids can improve lung function and reduce airway obstruction over time.
Corticosteroids can increase a person's risk of infection.
Corticosteroids can mask, or worsen, pus-forming eye infections.
Corticosteroids cause osteoporosis and fractures in a high percentage of patients.
Corticosteroids cause profound and varied metabolic effects.
Corticosteroids come as pills or as liquid.
Corticosteroids come as pills or injections or in special inhalers or nasal sprays.
Corticosteroids cross the placenta.
Corticosteroids decrease blood eosinophil numbers but increase the marrow pool of eosinophils.
Corticosteroids distribute into breast milk and cross the placenta.
Corticosteroids have a multitude of effects that lead to suppression of the inflammatory response.
Corticosteroids have effects.
Corticosteroids have few side effects when given by inhaler.
Corticosteroids have few side effects.
Corticosteroids have several adverse effects on bone metabolism.
Corticosteroids have side effects.
Corticosteroids have significant side effects on sleep, stomach problems and weight gain.
Corticosteroids have some use in patients with severe abdominal pain.
Corticosteroids have substantial long-term toxicity.
Corticosteroids have various effects on the body.
Corticosteroids help alleviate pain.
Corticosteroids help the body respond to stress.
Corticosteroids improve flow rates in patient with respiratory insufficiency.
Corticosteroids make sense for early treatment to help prevent further cellular damage.
Corticosteroids modify the body's immune response to diverse stimuli.
Corticosteroids occur naturally in both dogs and cats.
Corticosteroids pass into breast milk.
Corticosteroids prescribed include hydrocortisone, betamethasone, prednisene, dexamethasone.
Corticosteroids produce effects.
Corticosteroids produce serious effects.
Corticosteroids produce serious side effects.
Corticosteroids produce side effects.
Corticosteroids readily cross the placenta.
Corticosteroids reduce inflammation and slow joint damage.
Corticosteroids reduce pain and inflammation and suppress the formation of granulomas.
Corticosteroids reduce the inflammation in airway tissues and thus allow the airway to open.
Corticosteroids reduce the redness, thickness, and scaling of dermatologic skin conditions.
Corticosteroids reduce the redness, thickness, and scaling of skin conditions.
Corticosteroids remain the primary sarcoidosis therapy.
Corticosteroids remain the primary treatment for inflammation and granuloma formation.
Corticosteroids suppress immune response, disposing people to infection.
Corticosteroids suppress the differentiated phenotype of articular chondrocytes.
Corticosteroids used in the treatment of asthma are completely different to anabolic steroids.
Corticosteroids work swiftly and effectively.
Corticosteroids work very quickly and are also fairly inexpensive.
Corticosteroids work within hours after the first dose is provided.
All corticosteroids increase calcium excretion.
Most corticosteroids affect growth.
Most corticosteroids can have effects.
Most corticosteroids have effects.
Most corticosteroids have few side effects.
Most corticosteroids have side effects.
Most corticosteroids have similar effects, typified by the well-known drug hydrocortizone .
Most corticosteroids produce effects.
Most corticosteroids produce serious effects.
Most corticosteroids produce serious side effects.
Most corticosteroids produce side effects.
Some corticosteroids are produced by glands.
Some corticosteroids reduce inflammation.
Some corticosteroids suppress growth.
A corticosterone is a glucocorticoid
Corticosterone has a crucial rule in regulating energy, immune reactions and stress responses.
Corticosterone has a positive effect on survival to the second clutch.
Corticosterone has further developmental effects on birds.
Corticosterone has multiple effects on memory .
Corticosterone modulates the behavioral and metabolic effects of lipopolysaccharide.
Corticostriatal afferents release the excitatory amino acid glutamate.
Corticothalamic inputs control the pattern of activity generated in thalamocortical networks.
Corticothalmic fibers carry information from the cerebral cortex to the thalamus.
A cortina is a natural object
Cortinas didn t announce whether the union had won or lost.
Cortisol acts by at least two different mechanisms.
Cortisol acts mainly on the liver, with muscle and brain as secondary targets.
Cortisol competes with progesterone for common receptors.
Cortisol contributes to appropriate responses.
Cortisol contributes to responses.
Cortisol contributes to stress responses.
Cortisol dampens the body s reaction to stress by suppressing the immune system.
Cortisol decreases amino acid uptake by muscle tissue, and inhibits protein synthesis.
Cortisol even stimulates the synthesis of the liver enzymes that convert amino acids to glucose.
Cortisol exerts a number of metabolic effects.
Cortisol facilitates induction of female sexual behavior in the musk shrew.
Cortisol helps protect the body's cells and tissues frominflammation and the effects of stress.
Cortisol helps to feed and maintain the body's inflammation response mechanisms.
Cortisol helps to regulate the immune system, body metabolism and our response to stress.
Cortisol increases the blood glucose supply for tissues, mainly the brain and heart.
Cortisol increases the body's ability to produce energy.
Cortisol increases the rate of breakdown of proteins, carbohydrates and fats.
Cortisol interferes with ability.
Cortisol is a corticosteroid
Cortisol is drugs.
Cortisol is steroids.
Cortisol isa corticosteroid.
Cortisol prevents the release of substances in the body that cause inflammation.
Cortisol responds to stress, maintaining and if necessary, increasing energy levels.
Cortisol stimulates gastric-acid secretion.
Cortisol stimulates hormones.
Cortisol stimulates hypoosmoregulatory ability in Atlantic salmon.
Cortisol stimulates intestinal fluid uptake in Atlantic salmon in the post-smolt stage.
Cortisol travels throughout the body, helping it to cope with stress.
Most cortisol interferes with ability.
Some cortisol creates conditions.
Some cortisol increases excretion.
Some cortisol leads to fatigue.
Cortisone cream is sometimes helpful, and is fairly safe for the palms and soles.
Cortisone creams are also of little value.
Cortisone creams offer the best hope of any topical preparation.
Cortisone injections are another nonsurgical means of treatment.
Cortisone injections can provide dramatic relief of the pain and the discomfort.
Cortisone injections reduce inflammation and can give rapid relief of pain.
Some cortisone injections can be painful.
Cortisone medications are among the most potent anti-inflammatory drugs available.
Cortisone medicine helps treat autoimmune hepatitis and cirrhosis.
Cortisone pills clear it up temporarily, but the rash returns as soon as the drug is stopped.
Cortisone products can reduce inflammation.
Cortisone properties affect hypothalamus and pituitary glands.
Cortisone shots are often effective at relieving the acute inflammation and pain.
Cortisone tablets are useful either concurrently or as supplementary therapy.
Cortisone counteracts allergens and reduces allergic symptoms.
Cortisone depresses the immune system by design.
Cortisone drops only every hours two instead of one.
Cortisone hinders the body s ability to fight infection even when antibiotics are used.
Cortisone is a corticosteroid
Cortisone is chemical compounds.
Cortisone is corticosteroids.
Cortisone is glucocorticoids.
Cortisone is steroid hormones.
Cortisone is steroids.
Cortisone maintains hormonal balance while balancing levels of salt and blood pressure.
Cortisone produced by the adrenal glands reduces inflammation in the body.
Cortisone reduces inflammation and anesthetics temporarily relieve pain.
Cortisone relieves the itching.
Cortisone taken internally is much stronger than local injections of cortisone into the skin.
Cortisones are anti-inflammatory drugs useful for soothing rashes from poison oak or diapers.
Cortisones are the most consistently effective anti-itch medications available.
Cortisones are the most consistently effective medications for asthma.
A corvette is a military vehicle
A corvette is a ship
Corvettes are bad ass.
Corvettes are fun, fast and glamorous.
Corvettes are warships.
Corvettes do the same.
Corvettes have to be sold twice before they cease to be indicators of uppitiness.
Corvettes play safe.
Corwin soils have an argillic horizon and are on gently sloping areas.
Corymbs often become racemose as they grow older, and compound corymbs, paniculate.
Coryza develops as a result of cold air coming into contact with lungs weakened by polluted air.
Coryza goes to the chest.
Coryza is a symptom
Coryza is fluent, excoriating, with loss of smell.
Coryza occurs worldwide.
Cosential service is available on a monthly, quarterly, annual or multi-year agreement.
A cosh is a club
COSH works with the agencies in solving health and safety problems.
Cosine rule Take a vector A and B .
A cosine is a function
Cosine isa relation.
Cosines are just sines of the complementary angle.
Cosmetic abnormality is an important indication for surgery.
Cosmetic blemishes can be on the external, possibly visible surface of the product.
Cosmetic brushes are excellent for removing undesirable dust-bunnies.
Cosmetic changes are easy to detect.
Cosmetic changes are irrelevant.
Cosmetic changes are still to come.
Cosmetic changes can also give building facades a fresh start and help beautify whole neighborhoods.
Cosmetic changes don t result in underlying structural change.
Some cosmetic changes have to be made, but for the most part the phorum is fully operational.
Cosmetic cleanup is all that remains.
Cosmetic coatings used to disguise underlying defects are unacceptable.
Cosmetic code clean up.
Cosmetic coloration has two different types.
Cosmetic coloration is another mechanism by which male birds use to try to attract a mate.
Cosmetic companies are ultimately responsible for choosing how to test new products.
Cosmetic companies have fine-tuned their formulas to produce better results.
Cosmetic companies kill millions of animals every year to try to make a profit.
Some cosmetic companies allow their customers to bring bottles back for refills and recycling.
Cosmetic considerations are also very important.
Cosmetic Dentist Look no further.
Cosmetic dentistry can be something to smile about.
Cosmetic dentistry can have an impact on a person's smile that is like magic.
Cosmetic dentistry can help restore self-confidence and make everyday life much more enjoyable.
Cosmetic dentistry is a blending of art and science.
Cosmetic dentistry is a combination of art and science.
Cosmetic dentistry is a cultural phenomenon.
Cosmetic dentistry is a relatively new field.
Cosmetic dentistry is a very popular segment of our practice.
Cosmetic dentistry is market driven.
Cosmetic dentistry is medicine
Cosmetic dentistry is nothing new and fine dentists have always thought about natural beauty.
Cosmetic dentistry is now very important and is in high demand.
Cosmetic dentistry is purely esthetic.
Cosmetic dentistry is the hot thing right now.
Cosmetic dentistry is very much like plastic surgery.
Cosmetic disability can be severe.
Cosmetic enhancement improves appearance and boosts self esteem.
Cosmetic enhancements are mainstream today.
Cosmetic factors contribute to the success of the third step, speaking.
Cosmetic flaws are a common quality problem.
Cosmetic futures are bright because chitin clings non-allergenically to skin.
Some cosmetic houses have trial sizes or complimentary samples, so ask at their counter.
Cosmetic improvements are nice, but focus on the learning environment first.
Cosmetic improvements complete the home's makeover.
Cosmetic issues abound.
Cosmetic issues drive most patients to seek attention for knuckle pads.
Cosmetic labels are more than product advertising.
Most cosmetic lines sell waterproof eyeliner in liquids and pencils and mascara as well.
Cosmetic nose repairs only, otherwise great condition.
Cosmetic options vary with rod type, so please inquire about individual models.
Cosmetic pesticide spraying is a useless activity.
Most cosmetic physicians have significant numbers of patients who have tested allergic to bovine.
Cosmetic problems abound, but stability is quite good for a developer release.
More cosmetic problems occur in several variants.
Cosmetic procedures performed include collagen injections, sclerotherapy and dermabrasion.
All cosmetic procedures are to be pre-paid prior to surgery.
Cosmetic products containing estrogen or placenta are also suspect.
Many cosmetic products are untested and unregulated.
Cosmetic production is provided by productional subjects with specialized assortm ent.
Cosmetic responses are futile.
Cosmetic restoration continues, with the help of donations.
Cosmetic restoration is a secondary benefit.
Cosmetic restoration is planned for some future date.
Cosmetic restoration is under way.
Cosmetic results are usually excellent.
Cosmetic science is multidisciplinary and applies basic knowledge from diverse areas.
Cosmetic scientists develop and test make up, soaps and lip balms.
Cosmetic services are a great step forward when built on a foundation of strong dental health.
All cosmetic services listed above are available for a discount with the printed coupon.
Cosmetic standards is an issue worth putting on the agenda for that discussion.
A cosmetic surgeon is a surgeon
Many cosmetic surgeons say their teenage clientele has increased significantly in recent years.
Cosmetic surgery addresses physical features that a patient finds displeasing.
Cosmetic surgery addresses something else.
Cosmetic surgery begins with good skin care.
Cosmetic surgery can be invasive and costly.
Cosmetic surgery can remove the physical mask, whether face or body.
Cosmetic surgery can turn the clock back, but the clock keeps running.
Cosmetic surgery continues to be on the rise.
Cosmetic surgery entails considerable risks and is also extremely expensive.
Cosmetic surgery has the answer.
Cosmetic surgery is a public service .
Cosmetic surgery is a very dynamic, innovative and exciting industry.
Cosmetic surgery is a very personal matter.
Cosmetic surgery is a very transitional process.
Cosmetic surgery is a wonderful thing.
Cosmetic surgery is an elective procedure and is a choice made by the patient.
Cosmetic surgery is an operation
Cosmetic surgery is another type of body modification becoming more pervasive.
Cosmetic surgery is done because the individual desires a change in appearance.
Cosmetic surgery is elective and best performed on healthy realistic patients.
Cosmetic surgery is excluded.
Cosmetic surgery is for the here and now.
Cosmetic surgery is increasingly popular as a means to repair skin aging or damage.
Cosmetic surgery is more popular than ever.
Cosmetic surgery is no longer just for Hollywood starlets.
Cosmetic surgery is often a trade-off between good results and potential for problems.
Cosmetic surgery is on the rise for minorities too.
Cosmetic surgery is one avenue to correct, or enhance the appearance.
Cosmetic surgery is one of the fastest growing fields in medical practice today.
Cosmetic surgery is performed to improve physical appearance without affecting function.
Cosmetic surgery is performed to improve the patient s appearance and self-esteem.
Cosmetic surgery is real surgery and involves risks such as bleeding, infection and scarring.
Cosmetic surgery is safer, more effective, and more affordable today than ever before.
Cosmetic surgery is safer, too.
Cosmetic surgery is surgery which is deemed optional or elective . . . .
Cosmetic surgery is the specialty that deals with the surgical improvement of appearance.
Cosmetic surgery is the thing that comes to most peoples minds.
Cosmetic surgery is used to tighten loose skin folds.
Cosmetic surgery is usually a nondeductible personal expense.
Cosmetic surgery offers fast fixes for problems like saddlebag thighs and love handles.
Cosmetic surgery reshapes normal body structures to improve appearance and self esteem.
All cosmetic surgery is prepaid, but various financing options are available.
Most cosmetic surgery done for aging is of limited value, usually holding up five to seven years.
Cosmetic talc is carcinogenic.
Cosmetic thresholds limit the pest numbers to prevent significant cosmetic or aesthetic damage.
Cosmetic trays are popular and are available in many different styles and sizes.
Cosmetic treatment is an area in which the practice specialises.
Cosmetic treatment is available if desired.
Cosmetic uses are in herbal bath mixtures and for bringing luster to the hair.
Cosmetic uses ich in unsaponifiables, avocado oil has outstanding regenerative properties.
Cosmetic variations are ok.
A cosmetic is instrumentation
Cosmetic is excellent.
Cosmetic is for lightly tinted lenses to use shopping and other around-town uses.
Cosmetics account for a very small fraction of the use of fine talc.
Cosmetics also have fascination for the young child.
Cosmetics appeal to personal ego.
Cosmetics are absolutely unimaginable.
Cosmetics are also a major source of indoor pollution.
Cosmetics are also widely used in the world of acting.
Cosmetics are an important criteria.
Cosmetics are crucial.
Cosmetics are effective in concealing the unpigmented patches.
Cosmetics are excellent with only one single group of bad columns.
Cosmetics are excellent.
Cosmetics are great as well, just a few superficial scratches.
Cosmetics are important.
Cosmetics are located in drawers.
Cosmetics are luxury production.
Cosmetics are no longer minimal or nonexistent.
Cosmetics are no longer possible.
Cosmetics are nothing.
Cosmetics are possibly an example of a product whose benefits are solely abstract.
Cosmetics are second only to cleaning products as a poison to children.
Cosmetics are secondary.
Cosmetics are superb.
Cosmetics are the weapons.
Cosmetics are toiletry.
Cosmetics Avoid oily or creamy cosmetics and all moisturisers.
Cosmetics can cause dry eyes.
Cosmetics can contain compounds harder than the gold jewelry.
Cosmetics can help enhance a person's better features and minimize unattractive ones.
Cosmetics can make acne worse, especially if oil-based, by plugging pores.
Cosmetics can usually cover the blemish.
Cosmetics Click on the storefront to enter.
Cosmetics come in two types greasy and non-greasy.
Cosmetics come in two types, greasy and non-greasy.
Cosmetics come most easily to mind.
Cosmetics comes from the Greek word kosmos , which means adornment.
Cosmetics completes restoration.
Cosmetics contain ingredients from nature and from the laboratory.
Cosmetics do go off, even though many contain preservatives.
Cosmetics is a personalized approach to skincare and makeup shopping.
Cosmetics is a woman's means for keeping a man from reading between the lines.
Cosmetics is what sells cars today.
Cosmetics make acne worse.
Cosmetics play a big part here enhancing the good and playing down the perceived bad points.
Cosmetics Provides water for product formulation or rinsing applications.
Cosmetics simply means to organize the face.
Cosmetics testing on animals is particularly controversial.
Cosmetics often contain chemical compounds that are harder than the jewelry itself.
Cosmetics often contain chemical compounds which are harder than the jewelry itself.
Cosmetics often contain compounds harder than jewelry itself, which wear or rub off tiny particles.
Cosmetics often contain compounds harder than the jewelry itself.
All cosmetics are natural fragrance free, noncomedogenic.
All cosmetics are temporary.
Many cosmetics contain xanthan gum , which helps hold together oil and water emulsions .
Many cosmetics contain xanthan gum, which helps hold together oil and water emulsions.
Many cosmetics have a geological origin.
Many cosmetics require animal tests.
Most cosmetics contain hydrating agents.
Some cosmetics even contain small amounts.
A cosmetologist is an expert
Cosmetologists are beauticians.
Cosmetologists are experts.
Cosmetologists can also help clean and style wigs as well as provide makeup analysis.
Cosmetologists have higher licensing standards than mortgage brokers in North Carolina.
Cosmetologists keep records of appointments and hair color formulas.
Cosmetologists offer all of the services that barbers do except shaving men.
Cosmetologists perform many similar tasks.
Cosmetologists provide scalp and facial treatments and makeup analysis.
Cosmetologists receive income either from commissions or wages and tips.
Cosmetologists receive income either from commissions, or wages and tips.
Cosmetologists use tools such as combs, scissors, razors, and clippers to cut hair.
Cosmetologists work in a variety of settings to help people look their best.
Cosmetologists work in clean pleasant surroundings with good lighting and ventilation.
Many cosmetologists wear artificaial nails.
Some cosmetologists clean and beautify the skin.
Some cosmetologists clean and style wigs and hairpieces.
Some cosmetologists work as examiners for State cosmetology boards.
Cosmetology schools provide make-overs and haircuts.
Some cosmetology schools offer a braiding course.
A cosmetology is practice
Cosmetologies are practice.
Cosmetology also provides additional opportunities to make extra income.
Cosmetology emphasizes learning to design hair and enhance beauty.
Cosmetology has a lot of facets like makeup, facials, and nails.
Cosmetology is a field that offers many different career opportunities.
Cosmetology is a flexible, interesting career for a person of any age.
Cosmetology is a rewarding occupation.
Cosmetology is a specialized field of study devoted to developing practical and creative skills.
Cosmetology is designed to develop proficiency in all skills of beauty culture.
Cosmetology is so much more than just cutting hair.
Cosmetology is the art and science of beauty care.
Cosmetology offers the potential to earn an excellent salary and benefits.
Cosmetology provides job openings all the time, everywhere.
Cosmetology Provides training and practice in the skills required of the professional cosmetologist.
Every cosmic animal has one natural partner, two teammates, and an enemy.
Cosmic balance demands the death of a talented third-world poet in complementary exchange.
All cosmic bodies emit perfect blackbody radiation.
All cosmic bodies move in to spiral expanding orbits.
Cosmic Calls are deep space radio transmissions to the outer reaches of space.
Cosmic cartographers find 'great wall'.
Cosmic cats live in wonder and grace.
Cosmic certainty is denied to human beings.
Cosmic changes are extraterrestrial.
Cosmic consciousness expresses itself in cosmic life.
Cosmic cooperation exerts the best possibilities.
Cosmic drama reaches a climax with the end-life of some stars.
Cosmic dreams mean no nets.
Cosmic dust can ferry in organic molecules.
Cosmic dust comes from asteroids and comets.
Cosmic dust is a cloud
Cosmic dust is clouds.
Cosmic dust is located in space.
Cosmic dust is split into further types of dust , based on the dust 's location .
Cosmic dust is split into further types of dust, based on the dust's location.
Cosmic Eclectics seem easy enough to get along with.
Cosmic energy enters the site from the Northeast.
Cosmic energy is highly organized, intelligent and evolutionary.
All cosmic events influence the physiology.
Cosmic explorations can be a humbling experience.
Cosmic impacts are a natural part of geologic history.
Cosmic jets are a common feature of quasars and active galaxies.
Cosmic justice tries to make their prospects equal.
Cosmic light shows.
Cosmic microorganisms can change the evolution of Earth's species.
Cosmic mind separates into units which are distinctive.
Cosmic nihility fills .
Cosmic order consists of clearly demarcating the various elements of the universe.
Cosmic pirates are several armed bands, based somewhere in a deep space.
Cosmic radiation bombards our atmosphere constantly.
Cosmic radiation is located in space.
Cosmic radiation is radiation
Cosmic radiation is radiation.
Cosmic radiations consist of very energetic particles which bombard the earth from outer space.
Most cosmic radiation is very energetic.
A cosmic ray is ionizing radiation
Cosmic ray hits increase the noise on the detector.
Cosmic ray is the term given to high energy radiation which strikes the Earth from space.
Cosmic rays approaching the earth soon interact in nuclei within the atmosphere.
Cosmic rays are a big nuisance in all instruments using CCDs as detectors.
Cosmic rays are a constant hazard while solar flares can be fatal in large doses.
Cosmic rays are a very serious threat.
Cosmic rays are atomic nuclei that enter the Earth's atmosphere at nearly the speed of light.
Cosmic rays are atomic nuclei that move through the galaxy at almost the speed of light.
Cosmic rays are atomic particles flying nearly at light speed, constantly bombarding the Earth.
Cosmic rays are atomic particles that whip through space at nearly light speed.
Cosmic rays are charged particles that bombard the Earth's atmosphere from outer space.
Cosmic rays are energetic particles coming from exploded stars in the universe.
Cosmic rays are energetic particles that are found in space and filter through our atmosphere.
Cosmic rays are extremely high-energy atomic nuclei which bombard the earth from outer space.
Cosmic rays are fast-moving atomic nuclei that bombard the earth from outer space.
Cosmic rays are high-energy particles that pervade outer space.
Cosmic rays are ionizing radiation.
Cosmic rays are located in space.
Cosmic rays are mainly protons that travel near the speed of light throughout the galaxy.
Cosmic rays are more likely to get through to the Earth during periods of low solar activity.
Cosmic rays are mysterious.
Cosmic rays are noticeable even for very short exposures.
Cosmic rays are part of cosmic radiation.
Cosmic rays are particles - the nuclei of elements in the periodic table.
Cosmic rays are particles that enter the earth's atmosphere from space.
Cosmic rays are particles traveling through space with high energies.
Cosmic rays are radiation reaching the earth from outer space.
Cosmic rays are rays.
Cosmic rays are relativistic particles and therefore penetrate the heliosphere.
Cosmic rays are subatomic particles from space that constantly bombard the earth.
Cosmic rays are sub-atomic particles that are moving at a good fraction of the speed of light.
Cosmic rays are sub-atomic particles that have been accelerated up to close to the speed of light.
Cosmic rays are the fastest matter known to man.
Cosmic rays are tiny, subatomic particles that continuously rain down on the Earth's atmosphere.
Cosmic rays are very energetic particles that rain down on the earth.
Cosmic rays are very high energy particles, mainly protons, from outer space.
Cosmic rays bombard the atmosphere converting some nitrogen into radioactive carbon.
Cosmic rays bombard the Earth's atmosphere constantly.
Cosmic rays can pollute all the scales of the wavelet transform.
Cosmic rays can seed clouds , trigger lightning , and penetrate commercial airplanes .
Cosmic rays constitute a constant stream of particles raining down on Earth.
Cosmic rays create new particles high in the upper atmosphere.
Cosmic rays enter the earth's atmosphere in large numbers every day.
Cosmic rays form a major component of the energy density of the interstellar medium.
Cosmic rays have interested scientists for many different reasons.
Cosmic rays influence also on chemical reactions in the atmosphere.
Cosmic rays make extensive air showers in the atmosphere.
Cosmic rays originate from the sun and also from things like exploding stars.
Cosmic rays play a significant role in the natural mutation and evolution of life on earth.
Cosmic rays produce ions in air, which offer a conducting path for the discharge of charged objects.
Cosmic rays provide important information on the chemical evolution of the universe.
Cosmic rays provide one of our few direct samples of matter from outside the solar system.
Cosmic rays radiate from the sun.
Most cosmic rays are very high energy protons and neutrons that are traveling through space.
Most cosmic rays come from outside the solar system.
Most cosmic rays escape their parent SNRs, filling the galaxy disk and halo.
Most cosmic rays have energies between a few million and a few billion electronvolts.
Cosmic Reality is One.
Cosmic signals differ from foregrounds in both frequency and spatial structure.
Cosmic space is pregnant with the possibility of other worlds as yet unseen.
Cosmic spirits erupt.
Cosmic string is a fundamental particle
Cosmic string is elementary particles.
Cosmic strings are another thing entirely.
Cosmic strings are filaments, with regions in the symmetric phases, perhaps trapped in their core.
Cosmic strings are unnecessary and unobserved.
Cosmic time is time
Cosmic time ticks to a different pulse here.
Cosmic timing is a pain.
Cosmic Truths hang breastlike.
Cosmical fluids are therefore susceptible to turbulence.
A cosmid is a vector
Cosmid is a derived vector .
Cosmids are available either singly or on high-density filters.
Cosmids are vectors.
Cosmids combine the advantages of a phage and a plasmid vector.
Cosmo feminism is all about the fun, none of the struggle.
Cosmos are at their best in autumn.
Cosmos are drought resistant and readily reseed themselves as the plants die down in fall.
Cosmos are incredibly easy to grow, and add an instant cottage garden feel to a bed.
Cosmos are very easy to grow from seed set out in early spring, and grow rapidly.
Cosmos don t thrive in overly rich soil.
Cosmos make great cut flowers for the house too.
Cosmos offer a wide range of aircraft's, wings, accessories, instruments, services.
Cosmos produce a lot of seed worth collecting for next year's flower garden.
Cosmos require moderate to little water.
Cosmogenous sediments are particles that originate in outer space.
Cosmogonic rituals are specific to each tradition.
Cosmogonic stories relate the origins of the universe.
A cosmogony is astronomy
Cosmogonies declare some events and facts sacred.
A cosmographer is a scientist
Cosmographers locate and study celestial and cosmic bodies or structures in space.
A cosmography is a representation
Cosmography is theoretical study.
Cosmoid scales are similar to placoid scales and probably evolved from the fusion of placoid scales.
Cosmological arguments deal with the existence of the universe.
Cosmological arguments hinge on the distinction between agent and event causation.
Cosmological evolution is grounded in the expansion-impulse.
Cosmological evolution is mapped using tracers of star formation.
Cosmological maps tend to be schematic in style and often symmetrical.
Cosmological principle says that the universe is isotropic and homogenius.
All cosmological speculations are strictly teleological.
Cosmological symbols provide a microcosmic imagery of the world.
Cosmological symbols sort out the content of the world.
Cosmological symbols sort out the human place in the world.
Cosmological theories predict tiny pinhead size black holes created at the beginning of universe.
Cosmological views are often also similar.
A cosmologist is a stargazer
Cosmologists actually run computer simulations to track how matter collects into valleys.
Cosmologists are astronomers.
Cosmologists are loath to include a cosmological constant in their equations.
Cosmologists ask if the universe is 'open' or 'closed'.
Cosmologists can hold almost any faith, or none.
Cosmologists consider the cosmological constant the factor behind the accelerating force.
Cosmologists continue to search for the missing mass, with both theory and observation.
Cosmologists do it in the first three minutes.
Cosmologists do it with large inflationary periods.
Cosmologists generally agree that our universe is spatially finite.
Cosmologists have plenty to think about lately.
Cosmologists look at the universe as a whole.
Cosmologists look to the total amount of matter in the universe.
Cosmologists now have a full understanding of how galaxies form.
Cosmologists prefer another definition of 'universe' based on physics.
Cosmologists think they've dated the moment of creation.
Cosmologists often work with a given space-like slice of spacetime called the comoving coordinates .
Cosmologists usually assume that matter is spread uniformly across space.
All cosmologists agree that many other critical parameters remain a mystery.
All cosmologists now agree that our universe has a history, an unfolding.
Most cosmologist now agree on a theory of the creation and evolution of our solar system.
Most cosmologists agree that the universe is evolving.
Most cosmologists believe that knowing which geometry is the most correct is important.
A cosmology is philosophy
Cosmology addresses fundamental questions about the nature and evolution of the universe.
Cosmology also relates how the universe has evolved in time.
Cosmology concerns the world, which is the aggregation of all contingent beings which exist.
Cosmology deals with the world as the totality of space, time and all phenomena.
Cosmology draws on the physical sciences - especially mathematics , physics , and astronomy .
Cosmology has within the last thirty years become a mature science.
Cosmology investigates the overall structure of the universe.
Cosmology is a branch of philosophy that is concerned with the origin and structure of the universe.
Cosmology is a fast-moving subject at the moment and often in the news.
Cosmology is a hot topic in scientific circles today.
Cosmology is a rapidly growing field.
Cosmology is a science.
Cosmology is a study of the history of the universe from a perspective of physics.
Cosmology is a type of theoretical astrophysics .
Cosmology is a type of theoretical astrophysics.
Cosmology is a weak form of science, at best.
Cosmology is an interesting science in many respects.
Cosmology is at a surprising crossroads.
Cosmology is concerned with the large-scale contents and structure of the universe.
Cosmology is covered only to the extent that it connects to particle physics.
Cosmology is demonstrated as both an explanatory and a limit discipline in the natural sciences.
Cosmology is in the news, with theorists and observers contending to make sense of it all.
Cosmology is laid out and the final events too are predicted.
Cosmology is one of the more popularized fields in science.
Cosmology is our story.
Cosmology is still small but increasing.
Cosmology is the branch that examines the origin and structure of the universe.
Cosmology is the meeting point of observational astronomy, philosophy and particle physics.
Cosmology is the name given to how the universe began and how it has developed .
Cosmology is the name given to how the universe began and how it has developed.
Cosmology is the realm of the safest human endeavor.
Cosmology is the science of the structure and the composition of the universe.
Cosmology is the science that studies the origin and the evolution of the physical Universe.
Cosmology is the scientific study of the origin, evolution, and destiny of the universe.
Cosmology is the search for origins.
Cosmology is the study of something a bit more complex, like the origin of the universe and time.
Cosmology is the study of the cosmos in several of the above meanings, depending on context.
Cosmology is the study of the form, content, organization and evolution of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the large scale structure of the universe and how it evolves.
Cosmology is the study of the large-scale structure and history of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the large-scale structure and origin of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the nature, origin, and evolution of the universe as a whole.
Cosmology is the study of the order in the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the origin of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the origin, evolution and fate of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the origins and evolution of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the shape, structure, and dynamics of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the size and structure of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the structure, dynamics, and development of the universe.
Cosmology is the study of the unioverse as a whole.
Cosmology is the study of the universe as a whole.
Cosmology is the study of the universe as an ordered system.
Cosmology is, in effect, the study of the universe at large.
Cosmology looks at the birth, life and death of the universe as a whole.
Cosmology seeks to explain creation.
Cosmology suffers that problem too about the size and duration of our universe.
A cosmonaut is a traveler
Cosmonauts are another type of person.
Cosmonauts are from Russia.
Cosmonauts are helpless here.
Cosmonauts are just space cowboys who speak Russian.
Cosmonauts claim that it is forbidden to have sex in space.
Cosmonauts come home the hard way.
Cosmonauts generally sign only their last name, or sometimes first initial and last name.
Cosmonauts have to engage in long periods of exercise to recover their fitness.
Cosmonauts have to stay in the hotel which often lacks the quietness necessary for their good rest.
All cosmonauts agree that it's a great pity to abandon it.
All cosmonauts are well and currently assessing the damages.
Cosmonomic riches are unlimited and everywhere for all to use.
Cosmopolitan democracy is needed to regulate the network society and the network state.
Cosmopolitan species have a world wide distribution.
Cosmopolitan taxa are anthropogenic and endemics are common.
Cosmopolitan taxa indicate warmer water and thus the influence of warm water currents.
A cosmopolitan is an adult
Cosmopolitan has the low down on going down.
Cosmopolitan is about sex, fashion, careers, etc.
Cosmopolitan offers relationship advice and features on lifestyles.
Cosmopolitans are magazines.
Cosmopolitans can move more freely in the external labour market and from employer to employer.
Cosmote growth remains impressive both operationally and financially.
Cost accounts are always in demand.
Cost accounts are another useful way of setting up a budget outline to accumulate costs.
Cost accounts are the focal point for the integration of scope , cost, and schedule .
A cost accountant is a controller
Cost accountants provide a small but essential link in the entire decision making process.
A cost accounting is an accounting
Cost accounting becomes a base for both financial and management accounting.
Cost accounting is a case in point.
Cost accounting is a central element of managerial accounting.
Cost accounting is a different way of looking at information.
Cost accounting is a subset of both financial and management accounting.
Cost accounting is a vital part to industrial and manufacturing engineering.
Cost accounting is an intellectual exercise.
Cost accounting is analyzed as a tool of management.
Cost accounting is difficult, but uniformity is desirable.
Cost accounting is learned through practice.
Cost accounting is studied as a segment of accounting controls.
Cost accounting is tracked with a bar code software system.
Cost accounting is vital to any successful business or company.
Cost air carriers to provide services.
Cost allocation is essentially an allocation process within the organization.
Cost allocation is the assignment of indirect, common, or joint costs to cost objects.
A cost analysis is an analysis
Cost analyses are an integral part of the strategy development.
Cost analysis can guide policy-makers in deciding whether to integrate services.
Cost analysis includes reviewing and evaluating each cost element and proposed profit.
Cost analysis is critical.
Cost analysis is one of the students design requirements.
Cost analysis is one of the students' design requirements.
Cost analysis needs to be conducted at the approval of each phase of software development.
Cost analysis provides the following information.
Cost analysis suggests a basilc selling price well within the budget of low income gun owners.
Cost analysises are analysises.
Cost analysts develop and track costs.
Cost Approach Estimates the cost to replace of reproduce the property being appraised.
Cost basis includes the amount paid for the stock, and the commission paid on the purchase.
Cost Basis is another term for book value.
Cost basis is one of the numbers used to determine capital gains.
Cost Basis is the initial investment cost plus reinvested dividends.
Cost Basis is where assets are valued at their acquisition costs minus depreciation taken to date.
Cost basis represents the shareholder's actual capital investment in the corporation.
Cost benefit analyses.
Cost benefit takes into account preference intensity, and simply adds up utility among individuals.
Cost Benefits Feel free to copy by cutting and pasting.
Cost benefits improve as bandwidth increases.
Cost carriers sign contracts.
Cost center Displays the cost center number if applicable.
Cost center Displays the cost center.
Cost Center Enter a cost center to charge if required.
Cost center Enter the cost center if applicable.
Cost center Enter the cost center, if required.
Cost center Enter the number of the cost center being created.
Cost center Enter the number of the cost center to be changed.
Cost center Enter the number of the cost center to be displayed.
Cost center Enter the number of the cost center to be linked to a fund and funds center.
Cost centers are identifiable units through which a medical practice operates.
Cost centers are similar to general ledger departments.
Cost centers can be permanent such as a production facility or temporary such as a one-time job.
Cost centers can have more than one sponsor.
Cost centers can sign-off and request inventory changes right from their terminals.
Cost Centers collect overhead charges.
Cost centers establish budgets and rate structures for the vehicles.
Every Cost center can have many Cost items with quantities and their costs.
Every cost center has a fund that is the same number.
Cost contracts are cost-reimbursement contracts under which the contractor receives no fee.
Cost control is a big factor.
Cost control is critical.
Cost control is emphasized, and areas for cost improvement are identified.
Cost control is great now.
Cost control is important.
Cost control is imposed by managing the benefit.
Cost control is required to verify that on-going expenses are in agreement with estimated costs.
Cost control is vital to project returns.
Cost control is, or course, the driving aim.
Cost controls are in place when manpower is utilized more effectively.
Cost controls have to be initiated.
Cost controls help ensure cost standards are met.
Cost controls hide the waste they create by making workflow between crews unpredictable.
A cost cutting is a cut
Cost cutting can also disrupt the business.
Cost cutting comes with reduction in quality.
Cost cutting goes beyond restraints on the use of real resources.
Cost cutting implies squeezing the beneficiaries, providers or the system.
Cost cutting is a high priority in today's health care environment.
Cost cutting is a positive process through which every business can reduce inefficiencies.
Cost cutting is a short term answer that comes with a lot of baggage.
Cost cutting is a short term focus.
Cost cutting is also a reasonable factor for firing an older employee.
Cost cutting is good and prudent.
Cost cutting is now more important than ever and the assessment process now takes center-stage.
Cost cutting is physician dependent.
Cost cutting is said to be the reason for the higher profits.
Cost cuttings are cuts.
Cost cuttings are decrease.
Cost drivers are the largest components of cost within an offeror s proposal.
Cost effectiveness can especially be a challenge in rural areas.
Cost effectiveness comes into play here.
Cost effectiveness compares alternative ways to achieve a specific set of results.
Cost Effectiveness Consider both development and delivery costs.
Cost effectiveness is a central issue in scientifically designed forest resource inventories.
Cost effectiveness is a consideration.
Cost effectiveness is a key measure of success.
Cost effectiveness is a necessary consideration in achieving increased levels of safety.
Cost effectiveness is a second type of cost analysis.
Cost effectiveness is achieved in three ways.
Cost effectiveness is also an advantage.
Cost effectiveness is an important basis for priority setting.
Cost effectiveness is an important consideration towards technology adoption.
Cost effectiveness is an issue in any disease.
Cost effectiveness is basically relative to what the advertiser expects for the money.
Cost effectiveness is central.
Cost effectiveness is dismal.
Cost effectiveness is enhanced through improved inventory control and building security.
Cost effectiveness is extremely important whether considering one issue or a full scope examination.
Cost effectiveness is high since linkages can be built quickly and easily for enriched connectivity.
Cost effectiveness is important.
Cost effectiveness is one of the primary reasons many advocate mass treatment programs.
Cost effectiveness is realized by ease of installation, adjustment and maintenance after completion.
Cost effectiveness is the ratio of revenue generated to resources used.
Cost effectiveness is unclear.
Cost effectiveness relates to maximizing funding - getting the most for a dollar.
Cost effectiveness remains an open issue.
Cost effectiveness varies with geographic location.
Cost efficiency is a more relevant criteria than ever.
Cost efficiency is an aim.
Cost efficiency is another advantage of the large class.
Cost efficiency is another important consideration in the discussion.
Cost efficiency is important in terms of administration.
Cost estimate is made by an engineer.
Cost estimates are available at no charge.
Cost estimates are available upon request.
Cost estimates are available.
Cost estimates are conservative.
Cost estimates are current at the time of printing, but are subject to change without notice.
Cost estimates are for production only.
Cost estimates are free.
Cost estimates are harder to determine for commercial projects.
Cost estimates are highly competitive.
Cost estimates are in dollars.
Cost estimates are often difficult to come by and they are even harder to stick to.
Cost estimates are still preliminary.
Cost estimates are subject to confirmation.
Cost estimates are to be submitted for both options.
Cost estimates are unavailable since the material comes only in completed, molded units.
Cost estimates are valuable in making choices.
Cost estimates can take up to another two weeks.
Cost estimates continue to be compiled.
Cost estimates depend on the temperature of the waste stream.
Cost estimates focus on episodes of sufficient severity to warrant hospital admission.
Cost estimates have yet to be compiled on the three proposed routes.
Cost estimates indicate that the catalytic oxidizer is a cost-effective control option.
Cost estimates indicates that the catalytic oxidizer is a cost-effective control option.
Cost estimates range from two to six million dollars.
Cost estimates range into the hundreds of billions of dollars worldwide.
Cost estimates vary Estimates generated by opponents of mandated coverage vary greatly.
Cost estimates vary substantially in accordance with the size and scope of the installation.
Cost estimates vary wildly from one to twelve billion dollars.
Cost estimates vary.
All cost estimates are just estimates.
Most cost estimates are project based.
Most cost estimates have little or no relationship to the system which is finally delivered.
Cost estimation is also highly uncertain.
Cost estimation is an important aspect of the management of software development projects.
Cost management is a strategic process that focuses on the customer and on profitability.
Cost management is built-in to all of our dental products to deliver quality and affordability.
Cost management is critical.
Cost management pays off.
Cost minimization entails finding the lowest isocost that can be used to reach a given isoquant.
Cost minimization is an important decision problem in industry.
Cost models are no different.
Cost models offered in MeDoc are various forms of subscription and usagebased pricing.
Cost objects have a yearly budget or authorized total of funds to be spent.
Cost of Attendance gives budget information for the academic year.
Cost of attendance includes lunch.
Cost of attendance includes tuition, fees, and on campus room and board charges.
Cost of attendance is how much it costs to attend college.
Cost of attendance is used in determining a student s eligibility for financial aid.
Cost of attendance relies upon many different variables.
Cost of capital does have some correlation to size, success in the marketplace, margins, etc.
Cost of capital is opportunity cost
Cost of discipleship is traded for health, wealth, and prosperity.
Cost of electricity is lower at night.
Cost of energy is a fundamental cost of doing business.
Cost of energy is very high.
Costs of energy are important controls to improve the overall efficiency of the process.
Costs of failure are huge.
Cost of labor is a major competitiveness issue.
Cost of labor is also important.
A cost of living is cost
Cost of living are cost.
Cost of living can vary significantly from the city to the country.
Cost of living can vary widely from one community to the next, particularly with respect to housing.
Cost of Living Find out the cheapest and most expensive cities in United States to live in.
Cost of living is also much higher in some areas than in others.
Cost of living is average.
Cost of living is considerably lower than in many other major Canadian cities.
Cost of living is different in the country and less expensive than in the city.
Cost of living is high and donations are low.
Cost of living is horrid there though.
Cost of living is important, as are taxes, real-estate prices, and ownership restrictions.
Cost of living is increased as a result of raised commodity prices and taxes.
Cost of living is just right.
Cost of living is low.
Cost of living is lower than average, and crime rates are exceptionally low.
Cost of living is lower than east or west coast.
Cost of living is lower than on the East Coast, and about half that of California.
Cost of living is lower than other capital cities in Australia.
Cost of living is lower than other tech centers.
Cost of living is moderate.
Cost of living is quite modest.
Cost of living is rather difficult, especially as all students have different patterns of living.
Cost of living is reasonable and beautiful beaches.
Cost of living is relatively low and the state has no sales tax.
Cost of living is relatively low.
Cost of living is the lowest of the fourteen largest U.S. metropolitan areas.
Cost of living is typically low.
Cost of living is very afforadable and housing good.
Cost of living is very low.
Costs of living are low.
Cost of operation is about the same as an internal combustion engine.
Costs of operation are lower because managers work with a stable pool of capital.
Cost of ownership describes the total financial and personnel costs of a technology.
Cost of ownership includes the base software, future upgrades and service.
Cost of ownership is an important factor, too.
Cost of ownership is only part of the equation.
Cost of ownership is the name of the game.
Cost of pollution is mainly free.
Cost of production has to be reduced and yields have to be increased.
Cost of production includes all expenses involved in producing milk.
Cost of production increases each year as new production practices are introduced.
Cost of production is about the same as for barley.
Cost of production is less than a dollar.
Cost of production is the only thing that matters.
Costs of production are low in comparison to corn, and yields are very consistent.
Costs of production exceed the market price for most commodities.
Costs of production vary for spring and fall calving and young cows.
Cost of replacement is based on average book prices statistics and is subject to change.
Cost of replacement is based on the replacement cost of the book and is subjective to change.
Cost of replacement is student responsibility.
Cost of revenues consists of expenses related to our manufacturing division.
Cost of sales includes royalties paid to developers in excess of development advances paid.
Cost of sales is even with last year.
Cost of sales is measured for a period of time.
A cost overrun is cost
Cost overruns are a form of cost-sharing.
Cost overruns are common.
Cost overruns are cost.
Cost overruns are endemic to the construction business.
Cost overruns are routine, the official says.
Cost overruns are solely the local agency's responsibility.
Cost overruns are unallowable charges to federal awards.
Cost overruns continue, as does the delay in timekeeping system operation.
Cost overruns increase, and there are suspicions of wastefulness and graft.
Cost overruns suspend Smart Ship installation.
Cost Price is always worth considering when making hardware and software purchases.
Cost Prices are dependent on the complexity of the standards.
Cost Prices vary according to product.
Cost Prices vary based on quantities purchased, vendors and the time of year.
Cost principles require that types of costs incurred for the same purpose be treated the same.
Cost reduction comes from excellent machinability.
Cost reduction exercises related to procurement and production processes.
Cost reduction gets their attention.
Cost reduction is a specialty.
Cost reduction is absolutely the name of the game.
Cost reduction is also painfully slow.
Cost reduction is always difficult.
Cost reduction is an important factor in improving the state of a business.
Cost reduction is another useful topic.
Cost reduction is generally greater when contracts are competitively bid.
Cost reduction is imperative to achieve a more efficient, affordable military strategy.
Cost reduction is necessary due to low oil prices.
Cost reduction is only half the equation.
Cost reduction is the real key to national prosperity under a rising standard of living.
Cost reduction leaves less room for safety.
Cost reduction requires resourcefulness, imagination, and enthusiasm.
Cost reductions are also notable.
Cost reductions become necessary as market success demands it.
Cost reductions take precedence over efforts to increase revenues.
Some cost reductions increase economic productivity.
Some cost reductions increase productivity.
Cost risk is medium.
Cost saving is another potential advantage of arbitration.
Cost saving is significant.
Cost savings allow PC makers to charge less for a given system.
Cost savings are a major aspect of boot camps.
Cost savings are a significant advantage of using IADs.
Cost savings are also the impetus for the use of nurse practitioners.
Cost savings are an impetus for the job cuts.
Cost savings are another advantage.
Cost savings are capital to invest in future business opportunities.
Cost savings are estimates.
Cost savings are here now.
Cost savings are just one benefit to streaming.
Cost savings are key to the productivity gains that drive the profits.
Cost savings are often possible by making advance travel arrangements.
Cost savings are possible if corrections concur with general system maintenance.
Cost savings are possible, however, in the academic portion of the music degree.
Cost savings are proportional to the scope of the program.
Cost savings are significant compared to conventional monohull craft.
Cost savings are significant when the two methods are compared.
Cost savings are significant.
Cost savings are similar for other Internet courses.
Cost savings are substantial and the likelihood of rehabilitation is greatly increased.
Cost savings are substantial.
Cost savings are the driving force behind the use of intense sweeteners blended with sugars.
Cost savings are to be considered during the implementation phase.
Cost savings are unbelievable with substitution of generic equivalents for name brand products.
Cost savings are very important for the company.
Cost savings are what the Internet is all about.
Cost savings average three dollars for every dollar of program cost.
Cost savings become insignificant beyond the Six Sigma critical point.
Cost savings begin on the drawing board and continue at the site for years to come.
Cost savings can be an important motivation for adopting new technologies.
Cost savings can be significant.
Cost savings can be substantial .
Cost savings can be very substantial.
Cost savings can range from thousands of dollars to hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Cost savings can significantly increase fund returns over time.
Cost savings come from several areas.
Cost savings derive from medically appropriate care and appropriate utilization of resources.
Cost savings is also attractive to customers.
Cost savings is another important driver of offshore outsourcing.
Cost savings is considered a big benefit when using frame relay.
Cost savings is often a driving force behind alternative officing.
Cost savings is one big reason.
Cost savings is the reason most customers are buying.
Cost savings is what drives many companies to choose remote-access VPNs in the first place.
Cost savings occur.
Cost savings refer to a competing alternative that is less expensive.
Cost savings result from two factors.
Cost savings resulting from private operation and maintenance can be substantial.
Cost savings seem to be an issue in some circles.
Cost savings start with the initial equipment purchase.
Cost savings stem primarily from quicker tests.
Cost savings take time to work through to consumers.
Any cost savings gained in the preconstruction reviews go back to the owner.
Cost sharing can be cash or in-kind.
Cost sharing can be voluntary or involuntary.
Cost sharing can contribute to health equity and the sustainability of health services.
Cost sharing can either be mandatory or voluntary.
Cost sharing can take many forms.
Cost sharing creates affordable care.
Cost sharing Find new and efficient ways to share costs among libraries.
Cost sharing is a form of user fees.
Cost sharing is a major issue due to the geographic distribution of CICNet members.
Cost sharing is a non-financial transaction representing contributed time or materials to a grant.
Cost sharing is a significant factor in the calculation of the indirect cost rates.
Cost sharing is also a common practice.
Cost sharing is also available for livestock crossings, but only on small streams.
Cost sharing is an important factor in demonstrating the merit of the request.
Cost sharing is an integral feature of the program.
Cost sharing is approved.
Cost sharing is classified as either mandatory or voluntary.
Cost sharing is either voluntary or involuntary.
Cost sharing is encouraged from institutions collaborating with academia.
Cost sharing is encouraged to promote partnerships.
Cost sharing is encouraged.
Cost sharing is highly encouraged in all proposed research areas.
Cost sharing is negotiable.
Cost sharing is on the basis of the total cost of a study.
Cost sharing is provided to establish the vegetative cover practices.
Cost sharing is recorded, in an unrestricted fund, for each agreement.
Cost sharing is required .
Cost sharing is required because funds are limited.
Cost sharing is required by the sponsoring agency.
Cost sharing is required for all projects submitted.
Cost sharing is required.
Cost Sharing is Specialized.
Cost sharing is subject to the same stringent audit requirements as the sponsor s funds.
Cost sharing is zero.
Cost sharing refers to the sharing of actual program or project costs.
Most cost sharing is accomplished through the participation of personnel related to the project.
Some cost sharing is involved.
Cost shifting is a coping mechanism.
Cost shifting puts more pressure on the members.
Cost structures are exceptionally high in California and the Northeast.
Cost structures range from per-credit university tuition fees to free online workshops.
Cost structures vary from service to service.
Cost Acquiring a company is a lot like buying a car.
Cost affects production.
Cost affects short run production.
Cost alone is a poor discriminator of media performance and campaign smarts.
Cost alone is competitive with membrane technology, when the keyboard encoder is considered.
Cost also appears to be a significant factor in the selection of a health plan.
Cost also becomes a major factor when a processor has to buy and collect husks from other farms.
Cost also comes into play in cases where drugs are very similar.
Cost also falls because of shortened hospitalization.
Cost also favors using single-processor PCs.
Cost also impacts the development and design aspect of the site.
Cost also includes design fees, building permits, and insurance during construction.
Cost also includes shoes and ball rental.
Cost also includes tuition, roundtrip airfare from Minneapolis and the study abroad application fee.
Cost also is an advantage.
Cost also is no longer as large an issue as in the past.
Cost also is smaller.
Cost also limits interactivity.
Cost also plays a key role.
Cost also prevents many groups from having an online presence.
COST also provides complete financing alternatives customized to the needs of our clients.
Cost also serves as a significant barrier.
Cost also varies greatly from product to product, and can be improved with outsourcing.
Cost also weighs against using metal detectors.
Cost applies to addresses within the UK only.
COST are approx.
Cost are for similar trips on a cost per day basis.
Cost are minimal.
Cost are subject to change without notice.
Cost are to be defrayed by donations.
Cost associates with assets.
Cost associates with behavior.
Cost associates with construction.
Cost associates with consumption.
Cost associates with labor.
Cost associates with military construction.
Cost associates with movement.
Cost associates with products.
Cost associates with services.
Cost assumes painters move furniture in and out of room and do prep work.
Cost Be careful about selecting the lowest price service.
Cost bears a direct relation to opportunity.
Cost bears no real relationship to quality either.
Cost becomes a determining factor in selection only when all other standards have been met.
Cost becomes the deciding factor when none of the above factors govern.
Cost becomes the primary consideration.
Cost can also be a consideration.
Cost can also hamper a clean-up operation.
Cost can also play a role.
Cost can also play a significant role in connector selection.
Cost can be a big factor in choosing Internet-based radio over traditional radio.
Cost can be a big factor.
Cost can be a challenge for a small business.
Cost can be a discouraging factor but very often it is a perceptual matter of balance.
Cost can be a drawback to aquiring sets of knives.
Cost can be a very real factor in deciding which birth control method to use.
Cost can be an additional factor due to geographical issues.
Cost can be as low as a dollar per day.
Cost can be below five percent of conventional tooling cost.
Cost can be either positive or negative.
Cost can be larger, and there can be problems paying for the relaying servers.
Cost can be minimal, plan design warrants needs.
Cost can be more than some churches can afford.
Cost can be quite variable.
Cost can be significant.
Cost can no longer be an excuse.
Cost can overcome reputation.
Cost can run anywhere from free, to literally thousands of dollars.
Cost can run into thousands of dollars each month.
Cost can vary considerably, depending on the services and the technology provided.
Cost can vary depending on a unit's configuration.
Cost can vary depending on which coloring method is utilized.
Cost can vary dramatically depending on the detail of the project, location and many other factors.
Cost can vary from a few thousand to many thousands of dollars.
Cost can vary greatly depending on the product and services used.
Cost certainly is an issue.
Cost comes in two forms.
Cost comes out of contingency.
Cost Compare the attributes of each of the procedures.
Cost Comparing the cost of mutual funds and managed accounts can be a murky affair.
Cost continues to be a dominant factor in respondents' choice of college.
Cost continues to be a major issue.
Cost continues to be a source of resistance to use safer needle devices.
Cost covers both dates.
Cost covers boxing trunks and tank top.
Cost covers camp fee, T-shirt, camp group accident insurance and awards for competition.
Cost covers green fees, cart, morning rolls and coffee, lunch, and evening barbecue.
Cost covers hotel, all food and training materials for one team leader.
Cost covers instruction and all materials.
Cost covers lodging, program, meals, etc.
Cost covers lunch and snacks during the day.
Cost covers lunch, breaks, and materials.
Cost covers manual plus shipping and handling.
Cost covers materials, meals, and all river expenses.
Cost covers meals, transportation, lodging classes, etc.
Cost covers textbooks and provider tests.
Cost covers transportation and meal.
Cost covers transportation to Gibraltar Island from South Bass Island.
Cost covers up to four persons in a two bedroom cabins.
Cost creates another set of risks for online payment systems.
Cost cutting in the fast food industry is extremely important.
Cost cutting measures and the importance of training are also explored.
Cost decreases exponentially as tolerances increase.
Cost definitely translates into quality on network hardware.
Cost depend on the amount and frequency of maintenance required.
Cost depends entirely on the wildflowers selected.
Cost depends mostly on quality and brand.
Cost depends on a course.
Cost depends on accommodations selected.
Cost depends on age, health, and features desired.
Cost depends on an audit which assesses the risk.
Cost depends on availability of the hides and size.
Cost depends on condition of the pipes.
Cost depends on consultant.
Cost depends on content and number of pages.
Cost depends on cost.
Cost depends on destination and duration.
Cost depends on disk condition and amount of damage.
Cost depends on factors.
Cost depends on how long the process takes.
Cost depends on how many sign up.
Cost depends on illusion and people or person who is affected by said illusion.
Cost depends on input costs and environmental factors, such as poverty.
Cost depends on intricacy of logo.
Cost depends on itinerary.
Cost depends on length of stay and amount of instructional service required.
Cost depends on length of stay.
Cost depends on level of participation.
Cost depends on many different factors and can vary greatly.
Cost depends on many factors.
Cost depends on nationality of applicant.
Cost depends on nature of use.
Cost depends on number in group or if individualized.
Cost depends on number of concurrent users.
Cost depends on number of hours and days.
Cost depends on number of houses toured.
Cost depends on number of man-days.
Cost depends on number of participants.
Cost depends on picture size.
Cost depends on prevailing exchange rate.
Cost depends on product selected.
Cost depends on project.
Cost depends on records needed, location and copy cost.
Cost depends on residency status.
Cost depends on season, amount of pool rental and additional staffing necessary.
Cost depends on several factors.
Cost depends on shipping location.
Cost depends on site location.
Cost depends on size and size depends on the individual s weight.
Cost depends on size of group.
Cost depends on size of property.
Cost depends on size, placement, and length of time posted.
Cost depends on size.
Cost depends on supplied art work and our final quote.
Cost depends on the age of the employee.
Cost depends on the amount of coverage desired.
Cost depends on the amount of coverage selected.
Cost depends on the availability of surfacing material.
Cost depends on the extent of the study and urgency.
Cost depends on the extent of work necessary to recover the disk.
Cost depends on the facility used.
Cost depends on the golf course.
Cost depends on the individual employer.
Cost depends on the jurisdic-tion the notice was sent from.
Cost depends on the length and complexity of the program.
Cost depends on the length and format of the film.
Cost depends on the length of the text.
Cost depends on the market price of diesel and vegetable oil.
Cost depends on the materials involved and the intricacy of the design.
Cost depends on the month the listing is placed.
Cost depends on the nature and size of the task.
Cost depends on the number of acres in the lease.
Cost depends on the number of cassettes requested.
Cost depends on the number of modules selected and the class size.
Cost depends on the number of negatives and copies purchased.
Cost depends on the number of pages in the document.
Cost depends on the number of photos.
Cost depends on the number of sessions attended.
Cost depends on the number of steps to complete.
Cost depends on the option which the student chooses.
Cost depends on the plan elected.
Cost depends on the project.
Cost depends on the scope and complexity of the site.
Cost depends on the services needed and the number of guests.
Cost depends on the site.
Cost depends on the size of order, length of text and running time of tape.
Cost depends on the size of the apartment and how well it is insulated.
Cost depends on the size.
Cost depends on the student's type of housing, number of roommates, and marital status.
Cost depends on the type of frame and matting.
Cost depends on the type of freight carried.
Cost depends on the type of system and it's features.
Cost depends on the type of treatment and materials, drugs, and trained personnel involved.
Cost depends on the volume requested.
Cost depends on the weight and destination.
Cost depends on the weight, destination and service selected.
Cost depends on the wines being tasted.
Cost depends on time and so is also job specific.
Cost depends on trip.
Cost depends on use and complexity of request.
Cost depends on website size, graphics and content.
Cost depends on weight and delivery.
Cost depends on weight and locale.
Cost depends on weight.
Cost depends on what is done.
Cost depends on what needs to be done.
Cost depends on where it is being shipped.
Cost depends on whether materials are already available in the school lab.
Cost depends on which cartridge was purchased.
Cost depends on which theater offers the tickets.
Cost depends upon several factors.
Cost depends upon size of the boiler.
Cost depends upon size.
Cost depends upon the complexity and length of the finished product.
Cost depends upon the proximity to the city, but the city brings people and money.
Cost depends upon the room use cost at the connected sites and their locations.
Cost depends upon the size of the agency using it.
Cost depends upon the type of program and the length of the contract.
Cost depends upon who does the inventory, and how many trees there are.
Cost deserves more discussion.
Cost Determine the cost of the program, including living expenses.
Cost determines support.
Cost determines the rate of assimilation.
Cost driven exercises, economic rationalism, often ignore the true cost to citizens.
Cost drives fringe benefits charge structure where possible.
Cost effectively consolidates twelve or more private lines connecting different site locations.
Cost effectively maintain the city's fleet, traffic signal lights, and street lights.
Cost effectively operate and maintain our facilities.
Cost effectively resolves design and manufacturing dilemmas.
Cost effects the public and private market, as well as employers footing the health insurance bill.
Cost elements Everything that affects what an agency has to spend money on.
COST encourages everyone to participate in the formal classes that are offered to library staff.
Cost Enter the cost.
Cost estimates rocket for uninvited guests.
Cost estimating involves difficult math problems and requires advanced mathematical techniques.
Cost excludes all other meals, all other transport, flights, beverages and personal insurance.
Cost excludes beverages, porterage, gratuities and personal insurance.
Cost excludes beverages, porterage, gratuities, personal insurance and flights.
Cost generally is minimal.
Cost go up from there depending upon additional options.
Cost goes down.
Cost goes through a number of changes before it becomes price.
Cost goes up and up.
Cost has to be one of the questions.
Cost however is something quite different.
Cost includes a basic garnishing kit for each participant.
Cost includes a boxed meal, drink and admission to the play.
Cost includes a buffet dinner.
Cost includes a camp T-shirt, evaluation card and five intense days of instruction.
Cost includes a catered lunch and special garden seminar.
Cost includes a complete dinner with choice of three entrees.
Cost includes a continental breakfast.
Cost includes a daily snack and supplies.
Cost includes a day pass and rental package for the day.
Cost includes a driver.
Cost includes a free booklet.
Cost includes a full day pass, instruction, and equipment.
Cost includes a hot dog and drink.
Cost includes a night at base hotel, three meals a day and transport from Nairobi and return.
Cost includes a prime-rib dinner, green fees, golf cart and a prize table.
Cost includes a private room and meals.
Cost includes a screen printed front logo.
Cost includes a three-course dinner plus magic and entertainment.
Cost includes a training manual.
Cost includes a t-shirt and raffle entry.
Cost includes a T-shirt and ribbons which are rewarded to all participants in the Tournaments.
Cost includes a T-shirt with water and treats at the finish line.
Cost includes a T-shirt.
Cost includes accommodation, use of video camera and television, swimming pool sessions.
Cost includes admission only.
Cost includes admission to museum.
Cost includes admission to race and transportation.
Cost includes admission to the exhibit, all field trips, snacks and projects.
Cost includes admission unless otherwise noted.
Cost includes admission, transportation, and supervision.
Cost includes admission, travel to and from the venue and tickets in the pub raffle.
Cost includes admission.
Cost includes air mail delivery.
Cost includes airfare from Chile, acclimatization at a base camp and race-day care by support staff.
Cost includes airfare from Philadelphia and seven nights aboard.
Cost includes airfare, accommodation, breakfast and travel within Greece.
Cost includes airfare, all meals, lodging, transfers in Honduras and a t-shirt.
Cost includes airfare, housing, meals, program fee, visa and insurance.
Cost includes airfare, most food, equipment, and transfers.
Cost includes airfare, student accommodations, meals, boat and activity fees.
Cost includes airfare.
Cost includes airmail delivery outside Europe.
Cost includes airmail delivery.
Cost includes all accommodations, food and travel within Mexico.
Cost includes all cars, parts and spares, specialist back-up, race control and event organisation.
Cost includes all clay, glazing, and firing fees.
Cost includes all equipment and guides.
Cost includes all equipment, class material and boat dives.
Cost includes all food, beverages, entertainment, prizes, etc.
Cost includes all food, lodging and equipment.
Cost includes all food, materials, and seating for racing.
Cost includes all gourmet meals, ship's bar, cruising taxes and watersports.
Cost includes all ground transportation, meals, and clean modest accommodations.
Cost includes all in-country transportation, accommodations, meals, equipment and guide fees.
Cost includes all lectures and return privileges.
Cost includes all materials and equipment.
Cost includes all materials and field trips.
Cost includes all materials and several take-home projects.
Cost includes all materials for completing one floor cloth.
Cost includes all materials, transportation by van and admission fees.
Cost includes all meals, lodging, boat transportation from South Arm, and leadership.
Cost includes all meals, lodging, car shuttles, taxes, and gratuities.
Cost includes all postage and handling.
Cost includes all set up.
Cost includes all transportation and tours.
Cost includes all workshop materials and chaperoned exhibit exploration.
Cost includes an evening snack, breakfast and a t-shirt.
Cost includes an extensive workbook.
Cost includes an informal supper and refreshments.
Cost includes any instruction needed, use of gear and any card fees assoicated with certification.
Cost includes anything that causes people difficulty in attending.
Cost includes Art Festival grounds.
Cost includes audio tour.
Cost includes benefits.
Cost includes beverage and dessert.
Cost includes bike rental.
Cost includes birds, shells, range use and instruction.
Cost includes boats, equipment, and wetsuits.
Cost includes book.
Cost includes books and material.
Cost includes books and supplies.
Cost includes both monetary price, as well as the cost in time, attention, and aggravation.
Cost includes breakfast to go and a lunch barbecue.
Cost includes breakfast, dinners, departure taxes, and all sightseeing, touring, and lecture fees.
Cost includes breakfast, lunch, afternoon refreshments and entertainment.
Cost includes breakfast, lunch, snacks, screenings and gift bag.
Cost includes breakfast.
Cost includes bridge operator.
Cost includes buffet and hosted bar.
Cost Includes buffet lunch, morning tea and afternoon tea.
Cost includes buffet lunch.
Cost includes bus and entrance admission fee.
Cost includes bus transportation and entrance fee.
Cost includes bus transportation and snacks.
Cost includes bus transportation and theater ticket.
Cost includes bus, lodging, all meals, happy hr, bus beverages and snacks.
Cost includes bus, lodging, happy hour, breakfast, lunch, dinners and bus snacks.
Cost includes bus, lodging, happy hour, breakfasts, lunch, dinners, bus snacks and drinks.
Cost includes button only.
Cost includes canine first aid textbook.
Cost includes capital equipment, as well as supply items.
Cost includes cart, greens fee, lunch and drinks.
Cost includes catalog creation and setup of a simple search form.
Cost includes catered lunch and snacks.
Cost includes checking the camp regularly and packing of one game animal per hunter.
Cost includes class materials and two vegetarian meals.
Cost includes clay.
Cost includes coach transportation, all entry fees, and two meals.
Cost includes coffee, doughnuts, lunch, beverage, clinic notebook and social.
Cost includes coffee, lunch, and snacks.
Cost includes conference materials, breakfast, lunch and breaks.
Cost includes continental breakfast and conference materials.
Cost includes continental breakfast and lunch.
Cost includes continental breakfast, adult beverages, soft drinks, lunch and prizes.
Cost includes continental breakfast, lunch, and handouts.
Cost includes cornbread and ice tea.
Cost includes course materials and certificate.
Cost includes course materials, lunch, coffee, refreshments, and certificates of completion.
Cost includes course registration, coffee breaks, lunch and notes for the keynote lecture.
Cost includes course training, use of facilities, meals and accommodation.
Cost includes day pass and equipment.
Cost includes day rate plus travel and expenses.
Cost includes deductibles, co-pays, or a reduction in the lifetime benefit cap.
Cost includes delivery on trailer, assembly, launch and test sail.
Cost includes deluxe air-conditioned buses with services of top class licensed guides.
Cost includes deluxe motor coach and dinner.
Cost includes deluxe motor coach, admissions, box dinner and escort.
Cost includes deluxe motor coach, admissions.
Cost includes deluxe motor coach, escort, lunch, snack and admission.
Cost includes deluxe motor coach, lunch, tours and escort.
Cost includes deluxe motor coach, opera ticket, dinner and escort.
Cost includes deluxe motor coach, pre-opera lecture, opera ticket, dinner and escort.
Cost includes dessert.
Cost includes dinner and gratuities.
Cost includes dinner and open bar.
Cost includes dinner, beverages, tax and gratuity.
Cost includes display.
Cost includes drainage system and installation.
Cost includes drinks, DJ and finger food.
Cost includes drinks, lunch and extras.
Cost includes driver and carriage groom in full livery.
Cost includes duplicate analysis.
Cost includes e-filing.
Cost includes embroidered front logo.
Cost includes entrance fee at the monuments.
Cost includes entry plus all foods, wines and activities.
Cost includes equipment, food, and transportation.
Cost includes equipment, food, transportation and guides.
Cost includes equipment, transportation, lodging, surfing lessons, and airfare.
Cost includes estimated campus costs, minus total confirmed financial aid.
Cost includes everything except daily lunch.
Cost includes everything, including shipping.
Cost includes federal and state return preparation and e-filing.
Cost includes federal and state tax return preparation and e-filing of federal return.
Cost includes fee for workshop plus testing materials.
Cost includes fees, transportation and supplies.
Cost includes field trips.
Cost includes film, matting and other materials and use of cameras.
Cost includes firearm rental, ammunition, eye and ear protection and a vest.
Cost includes flight time and materials.
Cost includes fly tying materials.
Cost includes food and one free drink.
Cost includes food platters for each team.
Cost includes food, drink, bait and fishing pole if needed.
Cost includes food, houseboat rental, houseboat and ski boat fuel, and ski boat owner assistance.
Cost includes food.
Cost includes four meals, main sessions, seminars, and materials.
Cost includes four night's lodging.
Cost includes Ga. sales tax.
Cost includes game ticket and pre-game party.
Cost includes gear, instruction, and hut lodging.
Cost includes golf range.
Cost includes golf, beverages and dinner after the tournament.
Cost includes good tickets for all concerts.
Cost includes green fees and cart.
Cost includes green fees, t-packs, lunch, and door prizes.
Cost includes green fees.
Cost includes greens fees, motorized golf cart, barbecue, and special tourney memorabilia.
Cost includes group registration fee, minimum charge per unit, and surcharges for electricity.
Cost includes guaranteed court time, new tennis balls each week, and a t-shirt.
Cost includes guaranteed court time, new tennis balls to play with each week, and a t-shirt.
Cost Includes Guiding and instruction, equipment and local transportation.
Cost includes handouts and other informative materials.
Cost includes heavy hors d'oeuvres, soft drinks and admission to the exhibits.
Cost includes hire of clubs.
Cost includes hors d'oeuvres.
Cost includes hot lunch.
Cost includes hotel, breakfasts, welcoming meal and a luxurious dinner.
Cost includes hotels, transportation, meals, guide, and various extras.
Cost includes housing, meals, airfare, visa,insurance, and program fees.
Cost includes housing, meals, field study excursions and travel to and from the program.
Cost includes housing, meals, program fee, insurance, airfare.
Cost includes housing, meals, program fees, airfare, and insurance.
Cost includes installation and connectivity for above items.
Cost includes instruction and lunch.
Cost includes instruction, camp t-shirt, and soccer ball.
Cost includes instruction, camp t-shirt, and special features.
Cost includes instruction, course materials, books and certification card.
Cost includes instruction, fully equiped sea kayak, meals and tent site.
Cost includes instruction, liability insurance, and instructional materials.
Cost includes instruction, materials, gourmet lunch, wine and gratuities.
Cost includes instruction, refreshments and a t-shirt.
Cost includes instructional materials and the use of PSU computer labs during enrollment.
Cost includes insurance.
Cost includes junior golf play kit and various prizes and awards.
Cost includes kayak equipment and water bottle.
Cost includes kosher meals and transportation.
Cost includes labor, materials, and maintainence for the sign.
Cost includes lift tickets, lunch each day, coaching, and a banquet dinner.
Cost includes light meal on the river.
Cost includes lodging an meals.
Cost includes lodging and transportation.
Cost includes lodging, meals, and all activities except horseback riding.
Cost includes logos.
Cost includes lunch and continental breakfast.
Cost includes lunch and dinner.
Cost includes lunch and materials.
Cost includes lunch and refreshments.
Cost includes lunch and seminar materials.
Cost includes lunch and show and reservations are required.
Cost includes lunch for field days, refreshments, transportation, and handouts.
Cost includes lunch for the field session, refreshments, transportation, and handouts.
Cost includes lunch for the first day, second day is half-day only.
Cost includes lunch, snack and t-shirt.
Cost includes lunch, transportation, bike rental and trail fees.
Cost includes lunch.
Cost includes mail or fax charge.
Cost includes mailing.
Cost includes manual and certification.
Cost includes manual, pocket mask and certification.
Cost includes many publications.
Cost includes materials and computer rental fees.
Cost includes materials and supplies.
Cost includes materials, lunch and breaks.
Cost includes materials, seminars, continental breakfast and lunch.
Cost includes meal and beverage.
Cost includes meals and lodging aboard.
Cost includes meals and lodging, transportation within Ukraine, and entry costs for events.
Cost includes meals and lodging.
Cost includes meals and parking.
Cost includes meals, materials and all sessions.
Cost includes meals, use of equipment and materials.
Cost includes membership and gifts at the door.
Cost includes model fees and some materials.
Cost includes model fees.
Cost includes morning and afternoon breaks.
Cost includes morning and afternoon snacks, lunch and materials.
Cost includes most camping gear, transportation, camping fees and guide.
Cost includes most materials.
Cost includes most meals, lodging, trasportation, and fishing charter.
Cost includes most meals.
Cost includes museum admission for two days, dinner, and breakfast.
Cost includes museum entrances, transportation and lodging.
Cost includes net invoice price plus inbound transportation and installation costs.
Cost includes non-alcoholic bevarage, tax and tip.
Cost includes notarized documentation.
Cost includes one adult and one child.
Cost includes one project.
Cost includes one session at a driving range.
Cost includes one set of minor alterations.
Cost includes only.
Cost includes original design and follow through with printer.
Cost includes painting to match when possible.
Cost includes parent and one child.
Cost includes park fee for ruins.
Cost includes party favors, hors d oeuvres, champagne toast and continental breakfast.
Cost includes pizza, snacks, supervision, and supplies.
Cost includes postage and handling.
Cost includes postage and taxes.
Cost includes postage by surface or book rate.
Cost includes postage, taxes and money back guarantee.
Cost includes postage.
Cost includes preparation, hosting, and follow up.
Cost Includes priority mail shipping.
Cost includes production and scheduling.
Cost includes professional kits certificiation kits participants manual and materials.
Cost includes program-specific resource materials.
Cost includes quesadillas, gourmet pizzas, and assorted munchies.
Cost includes refreshments and lunch.
Cost includes refreshments.
Cost includes registration and extensive course material.
Cost includes registration fee and tuition only.
Cost includes registration fee and two copies of the proceedings.
Cost includes registration, materials, and lunch.
Cost includes river fee and wet suit, housing and meals when on the Ranch.
Cost includes rocket, engine and construction supplies.
Cost includes room rental, bath linen bundle, and local telephone service.
Cost includes round trip via motor coach.
Cost includes round-trip airfare, housing, ground transportation, meals, and excursions.
Cost includes round-trip airfare, land transportation, admission and excursion costs.
Cost includes round-trip bus transportation.
Cost includes round-trip transportation and hotel accommodations.
Cost includes round-trip transportation.
Cost includes salary and benefits.
Cost includes sales tax and other expenses connected with the purchase.
Cost includes sales tax, postage, and handling.
Cost includes scanning covers, layout, design and maintenance, and updates.
Cost includes Sharing double double room with full breakfast.
Cost includes Sharing double room with full breakfast.
Cost includes shipping and handling charges.
Cost includes shipping and handling for orders to be mailed within the contiguous United States.
Cost includes shipping and handling.
Cost includes shipping within the U.S. and Canada.
Cost includes shipping.
Cost includes shoe hire and two games.
Cost includes skill assessment day, game jersey, league champion awards, and quality officials.
Cost includes snacks, crafts, daily swimming and lesson costs.
Cost includes specialist guide, transport and lunch.
Cost includes staying at our home.
Cost includes student manual.
Cost includes supplemental material.
Cost includes supplies to create one page.
Cost includes supplies.
Cost includes support by Syntax.
Cost includes surface postage.
Cost includes symposium registration, museum admission, coffee, and buffet lunch.
Cost includes taste- testing, tea, coffee and the recipes.
Cost includes tax, lunches and t-shirt.
Cost includes tax, postage and handling.
Cost includes teaching notes and supper.
Cost includes team hat and shirt.
Cost includes tee prizes, golf, lunch, hosted reception and dinner.
Cost includes text .
Cost includes text and simulation set.
Cost includes textbook and classroom materials.
Cost includes textbooks.
Cost includes the conference, luncheon, and evening reception.
Cost includes the cost of lunch.
Cost includes the cruise, historical notes and lunch at the marina featuring locally caught fish.
Cost includes the handbook and forms.
Cost includes the pin.
Cost includes the required text, available from instructor.
Cost includes the three hour train ride and five-course meal.
Cost includes three lunches, one dinner, three breakfasts, two hospitality hours, and materials.
Cost includes three nutritious and satisfying vegetarian meals per day.
Cost includes three vegetarian meals per day and on-site lodging.
Cost includes transportation and admission ticket.
Cost includes transportation and admission to festival.
Cost includes transportation and admission.
Cost includes transportation and beach front hotel.
Cost includes transportation and docent mission tour.
Cost includes transportation and meals.
Cost includes transportation and shared accommodation only.
Cost includes transportation and snacks.
Cost includes transportation and tour admission.
Cost includes transportation only.
Cost includes transportation to and from the island, instruction, equipment and facility use.
Cost includes transportation, admissions, escorts, insurance and coordination fee.
Cost includes transportation, admissions, escorts, meal, insurance and coordination fee.
Cost includes transportation, beverage, and a snack.
Cost includes transportation, dinner, and show.
Cost includes transportation, entrance fees and hotel.
Cost includes transportation, escort, meal and coordination fee.
Cost includes transportation, escort, meal, admissions and coordination fee.
Cost includes transportation, food and all admissions fees.
Cost includes transportation, group equipment and organizational expenses.
Cost includes transportation, guides, and rafts.
Cost includes transportation, guides, permits, group camping and climbing gear, and food.
Cost includes transportation, instruction, and all equipment.
Cost includes transportation, instruction, equipment and lunch on beach.
Cost includes transportation, lodging and meals.
Cost includes transportation, meal, admissions and coordination fee.
Cost includes transportation, meals, accommodation and manual.
Cost includes transportation, one night's lodging, tickets to museums and foundry.
Cost includes transportation, workshop materials, continental breakfast, lunch and coffee breaks.
Cost includes treats and prizes.
Cost includes trip coordinators and group equipment.
Cost includes tuition and fees.
COST includes tuition and, in some courses, text book and materials fee.
Cost includes tuition, and the outstanding accommodations and meals for which the oasis is famed.
Cost includes tuition, fees, housing and meal stipend.
Cost includes tuition, fees, housing, international insurance and some meals.
Cost includes tuition, fees, international insurance and housing.
Cost includes tuition, housing, on-site orientation, support services.
Cost includes tuition, lunch and materials.
Cost includes tuition, room and meals.
Cost includes tuition, transportation, and room and board at the field station.
Cost includes two on-ice sessions per day as well as dry land and classroom sessions.
Cost includes typesetting and layout.
Cost includes typesetting.
Cost includes use of a firearm and ammunition.
Cost includes use of kayak equipment.
Cost includes vacation periods.
Cost includes walking tour and professional guide.
Cost includes wine tasting, buffet, tax, beverage with meal.
Cost includes wonderful meals and two nights lodging.
Cost includes wood placards, stencils, and sketch paper.
Cost includes workbook and simulation materials.
Cost includes workbook.
Cost increases over time.
Cost indicates the hard copy price for each document.
Cost inform clients of the cost of the service where applicable.
Cost involved in the program includes the cost of travel, plus desired spending money.
Cost is . . .
Cost is .
Cost is a bargain as opposed to other schools.
Cost is a barrier in some places.
Cost is a barrier there as well.
Cost is a barrier to accessibility as much as anything else.
Cost is a barrier.
Cost is a big consideration.
Cost is a big factor behind the enthusiasm.
Cost is a big factor for many people enrolling in the liberal arts program.
Cost is a big factor, unfortunately there is no real base price.
Cost is a big factor.
Cost is a big part of the story, but the story has many other parts.
Cost is a big problem, as well as maintenance, and training for staff.
Cost is a big reason.
Cost is a big selling point.
Cost is a biggie.
Cost is a concern .
Cost is a considerable factor in any printing job.
Cost is a consideration as any medium has to be replaced from time to time.
Cost is a consideration for most families.
Cost is a consideration.
Cost is a controlling factor in approval of a new program.
Cost is a critical element in access to justice.
Cost is a crucial factor in the demand for small arms.
Cost is a crucial issue.
Cost is a debatable issue.
Cost is a definite issue.
Cost is a direct charge to the grant.
Cost is a dollar at the door.
Cost is a dollar per person.
Cost is a donation to the monastery.
Cost is a donation.
Cost is a factor as well, but it follows all the others.
Cost is a factor as well.
Cost is a factor for many people.
Cost is a factor in any management practice.
Cost is a factor in favor of impairment tests.
Cost is a factor in the development of ultrasound tracking technology, according to the researchers.
Cost is a factor in use of control methods.
Cost is a factor that has held back a lot of consumers from jumping into cellular.
Cost is a factor that is being addressed in some of the earlier projects mentioned.
Cost is a factor, but going for something with at least the option for later is a real good idea.
Cost is a factor, too.
Cost is a factor, true.
Cost is a factor.
Cost is a function of graphic design and number of interactive tools used in the website.
Cost is a function of neighborhood configuration.
Cost is a function of the type of commodity being shipped, size, weight and time.
Cost is a gold coin donation.
Cost is a great concern to most health care consumers.
Cost is a huge advantage.
Cost is a huge one, and fear is the other.
Cost is a key issue.
Cost is a large issue affecting consumer demand.
Cost is a legitimate concern for advocates and consumers as well as policymakers and researchers.
Cost is a legitimate concern.
Cost is a main reason.
Cost is a major area on which mid-size firms feel they are attractive to clients.
Cost is a major benefit.
Cost is a major concern.
Cost is a major consideration for manufacturers.
Cost is a major consideration for the city parks as well.
Cost is a major consideration when choosing an online service.
Cost is a major consideration.
Cost is a major determinant in the selection of packaging by user companies.
Cost is a major drawback.
Cost is a major factor here.
Cost is a major factor involved with fencing.
Cost is a major factor when it comes to staffing.
Cost is a major factor.
Cost is a major issue for many elderly people.
Cost is a major issue.
Cost is a major reason, but so is convenience.
Cost is a measure of human endeavor in monetary units.
Cost is a measure of resource expenditure.
Cost is a part of the process.
Cost is a potential major advantage of the new display technology.
Cost is a primary concern for excluding substance abuse from parity legislation.
Cost is a primary consideration in any procurement process.
Cost is a problem and also the cost of fixing up the plant, the mills where it all happens.
Cost is a problem.
Cost is a prohibitive factor.
Cost is a promising way to unify the variables for measuring the real impact of crime.
Cost is a red herring.
Cost is a roadblock as well.
Cost is a serious issue.
Cost is a significant deterrent to providing thorough training.
Cost is a significant factor in deciding to go through with the cancer treatments.
Cost is a significant factor in the implementation of universal newborn hearing screening programs.
Cost is a significant factor, since palynology is very labor intensive.
Cost is a significant factor.
Cost is a very important issue.
Cost is a very significant issue.
Cost is about a hundred bucks.
Cost is about four dollars for an eight-ounce bottle.
Cost is about the same or even less than what most brokers currently pay for credit reports.
Cost is about three times that of the English edition.
Cost is about two dollars a day.
Cost is according to ability to pay.
Cost is according to an income sliding scale and there are a few scholarships available.
Cost is according to the number of family members attending.
Cost is additional.
Cost is affordable, deployment can be rapid.
Cost is affordable.
Cost is all inclusive of books, fees, meals, break refreshments, etc.
Cost is also a concern in building any house.
Cost is also a concern.
Cost is also a consideration as well as availability.
Cost is also a driver for separating the two areas.
Cost is also a factor for the oil industry.
Cost is also a factor in deciding where parents send their children to school.
Cost is also a factor of course.
Cost is also a factor, however.
Cost is also a factor.
Cost is also a hurdle.
Cost is also a key issue.
Cost is also a major consideration.
Cost is also a major factor.
Cost is also a major problem, leaving businesses to face two unpalatable paths.
Cost is also a relatively large downside of the motherboard.
Cost is also a very real factor in any type of transportation.
Cost is also an important consideration in seeking treatment.
Cost is also an important factor.
Cost is also an issue for companies exploring local training options.
Cost is also an issue when it comes to more comprehensive call center solutions.
Cost is also an issue, as is the complexity of the regimens.
Cost is also an issue.
Cost is also an obstacle to the widespread use of viral load tests.
Cost is also another obstacle in gift giving.
Cost is also bugbear.
Cost is also contingent on whether Paragon is designing and manufacturing the product.
Cost is also difficult to estimate.
Cost is also significant, since the cost of pumps in the available materials differs greatly.
Cost is also the reason some of the pilots choose to fly into Hawthorne.
Cost is always a big factor in deciding whether to start in a radio controlled hobby.
Cost is always a big factor.
Cost is always a concern and invariably plays at least some part in the final decision.
Cost is always a concern.
Cost is always a consideration.
Cost is always a factor in the corporate IT equation.
Cost is always a factor when purchasing internet service.
Cost is always a factor.
Cost is always a major factor for small businesses.
Cost is always a part of engineering decisions.
Cost is always a significant consideration when evaluating proposals.
Cost is always a sticking point with a professional Web design.
Cost is always a very important consideration, but it's one part of making a decision.
Cost is always an important factor to consider in addition to the value of the service.
Cost is always an important factor, and mass and volume affect cost.
Cost is always an issue but only as related to coverage and service.
Cost is always an issue when planning a campaign.
Cost is always an issue, so here is a brief rundown.
Cost is always an issue.
Cost is always important.
Cost is always the determining factor.
Cost is always the factor against which all the other choices are weighed.
Cost is an absolute factor.
Cost is an additional five dollars on the day of the event.
Cost is an advantage Living in residence halls is a good way to lower the cost of higher education.
Cost is an equally poor means of choosing a consultant.
Cost is an essential ingredient in choosing a health care provider for small businesses.
Cost is an ever-present and often ultimately deciding factor.
Cost is an expenditure
Cost is an extremely important factor.
Cost is an important component of any program assessment.
Cost is an important consideration for a patient thinking about entering a clinical trial.
Cost is an important consideration.
Cost is an important element in deciding to implement a project.
Cost is an important factor also.
Cost is an important factor for working families.
Cost is an important factor in selection decisions.
Cost is an important factor in such a decision.
Cost is an important factor to the educational world in many aspects.
Cost is an important factor.
Cost is an important issue for patients with chronic conditions, as is a simple dosing schedule.
Cost is an important issue, though.
Cost is an important one, but the most important is the necessary experience.
Cost is an important thing in the selection process.
Cost is an incentive for some builders of straw homes.
Cost is an issue for other services, too.
Cost is an issue here as well.
Cost is an issue only in the absence of value.
Cost is an issue with dental procedures.
Cost is an issue, too.
Cost is an issue.
Cost IS an object.
Cost is an obstacle to the lavish spread of photovoltaic arrays for solving rural energy problems.
Cost is an obvious concern in any project.
Cost is an obvious other factor.
Cost is an overriding factor .
Cost is annual maintenance.
Cost is another advantage of private adoptions.
Cost is another barrier for many public health practitioners.
Cost is another barrier.
Cost is another big factor for customers.
Cost is another big factor to many pet owners.
Cost is another concern.
Cost is another consideration.
Cost is another difference.
Cost is another disadvantage.
Cost is another drawback to computer systems.
Cost is another factor because many stores use insulin syringes as key sale items.
Cost is another factor for both students and the distance learning program.
Cost is another factor for physicians considering updgrading their phone system.
Cost is another factor in the decision to switch to natural grass.
Cost is another factor in the renewed popularity of dresses.
Cost is another factor that favors the present.
Cost is another factor that was mentioned.
Cost is another factor to be considered in the selection of material.
Cost is another factor to consider when choosing curricula.
Cost is another factor to keep in mind.
Cost is another factor, unless the course is funded by one's employer.
Cost is another factor.
Cost is another great factor to consider.
Cost is another hangup.
Cost is another important consideration in making choices about surgery.
Cost is another important factor.
Cost is another issue that always comes up.
Cost is another item to keep in mind.
Cost is another key factor in market success.
Cost is another key issue.
Cost is another limiting factor affecting where gain can occur in the signal chain.
Cost is another major consideration.
Cost is another major factor influencing the choice of a home.
Cost is another major factor to consider when choosing a college.
Cost is another major factor.
Cost is another major issue.
Cost is another marketing tool for the pet food industry.
Cost is another matter.
Cost is another pitfall.
Cost is another problem.
Cost is another reason that people find bad bargains in ancient coins.
Cost is another reason to work with seed.
Cost is another reason why Hawaii is one of the world's famous wedding destinations.
Cost is another.
Cost is applicable towards the purchase of the video series.
Cost is applied to final repair bill.
Cost is appox.
Cost is approx.
Cost is approximate and is only for estimating.
Cost is around one to two months of a one and a half pack a day smoker's expenses.
Cost is assessed at hourly work rates when hand-finishing is required.
Cost is assessed in terms of attack sorties, ordnance delivered, and bomb damage assessment results.
Cost is attractive to the small business owner, too.
Cost is auto expense, plus two motels and meals.
Cost is bad.
Cost is based on a group of ten or more.
Cost is based on a rate structure that can include administrative costs, indirect costs and profit.
Cost is based on a sliding fee scale.
Cost is based on a sliding scale for non-patients.
Cost is based on a sliding scale.
Cost is based on a variable fee or sliding scale.
Cost is based on age and smoker or nonsmoker rates.
Cost is based on age and the amount of insurance.
Cost is based on an hourly labor rate.
Cost is based on contents.
Cost is based on current State daily vendor rate.
Cost is based on daily download limit per user per server.
Cost is based on double occupancy per room.
Cost is based on double occupancy throughout travel.
Cost is based on double occupancy.
Cost is based on double-occupancy housing.
Cost is based on expenses and time.
Cost is based on fair values of the consideration given in exchange for assets.
Cost is based on family income, family size, and ability to pay.
Cost is based on four guests.
Cost is based on hits used for the month.
Cost is based on hourly labor rate.
Cost is based on how long the job lasts.
Cost is based on item selected and includes glazes and firing fee.
Cost is based on length of tour and the number of people.
Cost is based on linear footage and components.
Cost is based on market size.
Cost is based on number of impressions and ad placement.
Cost is based on number of times banner displayed according to weekly log reports.
Cost is based on order value and geographic location.
Cost is based on paygrade and room availability.
Cost is based on per person double occupancy.
Cost is based on project selected by group.
Cost is based on seat availability.
Cost is based on size of computer running the software.
Cost is based on size of the computer running the software.
Cost is based on specific project requirements.
Cost is based on square footage and components.
Cost is based on the amount of data requested.
Cost is based on the amount of data sent.
Cost is based on the amount of time spent on line, independent of the volume of data transmitted.
Cost is based on the difference between the costs for one and two persons.
Cost is based on the distance traveled.
Cost is based on the fair values of the consideration given in exchange for assets.
Cost is based on the individual requirements of each job - the labor, the materials, the schedule.
Cost is based on the location of the seat in the auditorium.
Cost is based on the number of attendees and length of the class.
Cost is based on the number of packages and flight times.
Cost is based on the number of people attending in each family.
Cost is based on the person's ability to pay.
Cost is based on the placement of the ad.
Cost is based on the total amount of tuition and fees.
Cost is based on the treatment provided.
Cost is based on the type and thickness of material being cut, and the finish required.
Cost is based on the type repair required.
Cost is based on the weight of the catch and includes cleaning and equipment.
Cost is based on the year of the vehicle.
Cost is based on use.
Cost is based on volume purchased.
Cost is based on weight to address provided plus material and carrier costs.
Cost is based on weight, shipping materials, and the speed of delivery.
Cost is based on weight, size, destination and the choice of service.
Cost is based per person.
Cost is based upon billable hours or a pre-negotiated estimate.
Cost is based upon per person, quad occupancy.
Cost is battery fund donation.
Cost is big factor here, look around, there are places, that are reasonable.
Cost is borne by the offender.
Cost is bottom line.
Cost is but one factor.
Cost is by bid based on size, artwork provided and colors.
Cost is by donation at the door.
Cost is by donation.
Cost is by the amount of flyers printed.
Cost is calculated automatically.
Cost is calculated based on an individual's age, gender, and salary.
Cost is calculated by weight.
Cost is calculated in accordance with the lay-out.
Cost is camouflaged.
Cost is Cdn.
Cost is certainly a big factor, despite rapidly declining prices.
Cost is certainly a factor.
Cost is certainly a prohibitive factor.
Cost is certainly an important factor.
Cost is certainly an issue for some companies.
Cost is classified as either a direct or indirect cost.
Cost is commensurate with performance.
Cost is comparable or less than equivalent number of plugs with much better and immediate results.
Cost is comparable to conventional products.
Cost is comparable to direct drive systems.
Cost is comparable to other study abroad programs.
Cost is comparable with other lighting standards, yet far more aesthetically pleasing to the eye.
Cost is competitive with virgin materials.
Cost is considerable compared to breast.
Cost is considerable here, however.
Cost is considerably less than that of a hospital birth.
Cost is considerably more than a home birth.
Cost is considered only when several drugs have similar clinical data.
Cost is constant and predictable , making budgeting and fundraising easier.
Cost is contained and risk is limited.
Cost is contingent upon quantity and color.
Cost is contingent upon size and quantity to be printed.
Cost is covered by the employees.
Cost is critical because it is forward looking.
Cost is defined as purchase price.
Cost is defined by manufacturing flows up through design to the customer.
Cost is definitely a factor.
Cost is definitely higher, especially the up-front costs.
Cost is dependant on circumstances.
Cost is dependant on the type of fund and fund features.
Cost is dependent on a combination of desired programming and available funds.
Cost is dependent on amount of desired coverage.
Cost is dependent on curriculum and equipment involved.
Cost is dependent on length and type of workshop.
Cost is dependent on number of attendees.
Cost is dependent on number of people, staffing requirements, and bicycle needs.
Cost is dependent on storm size and duration.
Cost is dependent on the amount of server space required.
Cost is dependent on the course's credit hours.
Cost is dependent on the number of people attending the rental and the lifeguards required.
Cost is dependent on the number of people, staffing requirements and bicycle needs.
Cost is dependent on the number of presentations and speakers.
Cost is dependent on the plan selected.
Cost is dependent on the size of the application.
Cost is dependent on the time and resources required to accomodate needs.
Cost is dependent on trophy and needs.
Cost is dependent upon development time, design type, and size.
Cost is dependent upon number of attendees and the days required.
Cost is dependent upon the number of users and individual needs of the organization.
Cost is dependent upon the requirements and scope of a particular project.
Cost is determined before the beginning of fall term.
Cost is determined by age.
Cost is determined by group size and travel distance.
Cost is determined by how many students sign up for trips.
Cost is determined by many factors.
Cost is determined by number of riders, number of stops, lodging for driver, etc.
Cost is determined by program content, trip length, and location.
Cost is determined by scale and the amount of customization required.
Cost is determined by size and weight.
Cost is determined by size of painting, complexity of subject matter, and medium.
Cost is determined by size, as well as type, and amount of figure desired.
Cost is determined by the amount of coverage and the age of the employee.
Cost is determined by the amount of time the boat is required.
Cost is determined by the family's income.
Cost is determined by the first-in, first out basis using the retail method.
Cost is determined by the length and schedule intensity of the program.
Cost is determined by the number of billboards ordered by organizations throughout the country.
Cost is determined by the number of employees involved.
Cost is determined by the size of the apartment and the quality of the furnishings and neighborhood.
Cost is determined by weight.
Cost is determined on a labor and material evaluation.
Cost is determined on a site by site basis.
Cost is determined on a sliding fee scale based on ability to pay.
Cost is determined on a sliding fee scale based on income.
Cost is determined on an individual basis and advance notice is required.
Cost is different from value.
Cost is difficult to calculate in advance, just as trust is difficult to assess without experience.
Cost is difficult to measure for several reasons.
Cost is discounted to member.
Cost is divided into initial and ongoing.
Cost is domain-specific and is quantified in arbitrary units.
Cost is done on a sliding scale according to income.
Cost is down.
Cost is due in full at the initiation of the contract.
Cost is economical compared to most ads.
Cost is effective first of the month following the date of hire.
Cost is equal or greater than action taken.
Cost is especially important in cases where people want to store and transfer large images.
Cost is established by individual operators.
Cost is established by the developer or homeowners association.
Cost is estimated.
Cost is evident - it is one of the key reasons that today's gas prices are soaring so dramatically.
Cost is exceptionally high, although prices are starting to come down.
Cost is expressed as a percentage.
Cost is extra for attending without reservations.
Cost is extra for processing for the internet.
Cost is extra, and credit can be arranged.
Cost is extremely economic and quantity discounts are available.
Cost is face value plus shipping.
Cost is fairly expensive.
Cost is five Arts dollars.
Cost is five cents per copy.
Cost is five cents per page and is paid at the circulation desk.
Cost is five dollars per child per day.
Cost is five dollars per day.
Cost is five dollars per person and is open to the public.
Cost is five dollars.
Cost is followed in importance by the duration of the flight.
Cost is for a six week course.
Cost is for a time period of one month.
Cost is for entire day admission.
Cost is for instruction only.
Cost is for materials only.
Cost is for supplies only.
Cost is for transportation for any of the referenced locations.
Cost is for Two people.
Cost is free .
Cost is FREE .
Cost is free and all supplies are provided.
Cost is free and open to present and potential IT professionals and decision makers.
Cost is free but mactcp needs to be installed on each station.
Cost is free but tickets are required.
Cost is free for one year for each network.
Cost is free software.
Cost is free to all participants.
Cost is free to all.
Cost is free to guests.
Cost is free to registered teachers.
Cost is free with regular admission.
Cost is free, and pre-registration is required.
Cost is free, but donations are welcome.
Cost is free, but please bring canned goods, toys, clothes, money, etc., to donate.
Cost is Free, but please register in advance.
Cost is free, but registration is required to post on the message board.
Cost is free, but students are responsible for their own supplies.
Cost is free.
Cost is Free.
Cost is fully inclusive and includes all meals.
Cost is generally the overriding consideration.
Cost is generally the reason.
Cost is good.
Cost is greater for pressure processing compared with steam flaking.
Cost is greater than some other materials.
Cost is handled with chargeback to department budget.
Cost is high because highly skilled personnel is required to perform repetitive and tedious tasks.
Cost is high relative to other lights out there.
Cost is higher at the door.
Cost is important but difficult to judge sometimes.
Cost is important, but getting the right answer is more important.
Cost is important, but quality is essential.
Cost is important, but value is paramount.
Cost is important.
Cost is in addition to normal paint price.
Cost is included in full registration fee.
Cost is included in full registration.
Cost is included in museum admission.
Cost is included in registration fee.
Cost is included in regular admission.
Cost is included in the cost of the tour.
Cost is included in the full registration.
Cost is included in the registration fee.
Cost is included in the Registration.
Cost is included in the room and board charge.
Cost is included in the weekly fee.
Cost is included in workshop fee.
Cost is included.
Cost is inclusive of all taxes and there is no booking charge.
Cost is indeed an issue.
Cost is independent of distance and number of receiving sites.
Cost is indicated on the current rate sheet.
Cost is influenced by other elements like capacity of carriers, terminal facilities, time etc.
Cost is insignificant compared to full color print media.
Cost is just a quarter to fifty cents, and it's a fun way to get around town.
Cost is just one benefit over offshore trusts.
Cost is just one consideration.
Cost is just one element which is considered.
Cost is just the usual range fees.
Cost is just two hours of volunteer time at a future event.
Cost is kept to a minimum.
Cost is less of a factor, especially for the reproduction of color images.
Cost is less of an issue.
Cost is less than a penny per dollar of protection.
Cost is less than with hydrants and permanent waterers.
Cost is less with a copy card.
Cost is linked to the amount of hard-drive space and the number of peripherals added to the system.
Cost is love offering.
Cost is low and benefits is higher.
Cost is low and performance for raw disk IO can be very high.
Cost is low because material waste has been kept to a minimum.
Cost is low compared to commercially available similar products that have fewer features.
Cost is low so everyone can buy.
Cost is low to moderate.
Cost is low, satisfaction is high.
Cost is lower for residents of the city.
Cost is lower or comparable to conventional products.
Cost is lower relative to conventional products.
Cost is lower to develop existing customers than to get new ones.
Cost is lowest and service is highest at the competitive extreme.
Cost is managed, care is rationed.
Cost is member's early registration rate.
Cost is midway between expensive solid fences and cheaper fabric fences.
Cost is minimal and airtime is free.
Cost is minimal and needs to be done.
Cost is minimal and the medals for completion are great.
Cost is minimal if required in all states.
Cost is minimal to build.
Cost is minimal.
Cost is minimized by small die size.
Cost is minimized by the core's small die size.
Cost is minimum.
Cost is moderate due to competitive check.
Cost is modest.
Cost is more sensitive to supply and demand for soy oil.
Cost is more than a dollar value.
Cost is most important.
Cost is much higher than lead acid.
Cost is much less if participants are able to bring own clubs.
Cost is much less than export quality tooling and the part quality is excellent.
Cost is much less than for conneciton by long distance line.
Cost is much less than that of handmade boxes, and they take up very little additional shelf space.
Cost is much lower than traditional animation.
Cost is nearly always a consideration too.
Cost is necessarily at issue.
Cost is negligible compared with mail.
Cost is negligible.
Cost is negotiable based on number of on-site visits and number of schools.
Cost is negotiable.
Cost is negotiated on a case by case basis.
Cost is no barrier.
Cost is no insignificant consideration.
Cost is no longer a factor.
Cost is no object, whether the garb in question is of a traditional or rebellious nature.
Cost is no object.
Cost is no option.
Cost is no predictor of a shoe's quality, or comfort.
Cost is nominal.
Cost is non-linearly related to size.
Cost is noted on each course.
Cost is nothing due to the fact that homeschooling is part of public school service.
Cost is obviously a big factor.
Cost is obviously a concern, as well.
Cost is obviously a factor.
Cost is obviously a very major problem.
Cost is obviously one of their considerations.
Cost is of course always a major consideration when choosing a course.
Cost is of interest to citizens.
Cost is of prime importance in any business.
Cost is often a deterrent.
Cost is often a factor.
Cost is often a more understandable measure of the size of an injury problem than incidence.
Cost is often difficult to pin down.
Cost is often prohibitive for many of the additives.
Cost is often the definitive consideration when it comes to deciding on a specific puppy.
Cost is often the main factor considered when choosing an alfalfa variety.
Cost is often the next important factor for many patients.
Cost is on a donation basis.
Cost is on a flat-rate basis, and the service is available through a number of resellers.
Cost is on a per-byte basis, although there are unlimited usage plans.
Cost is on a per-lens basis.
Cost is on a sliding fee basis.
Cost is on a sliding fee scale.
Cost is on a sliding scale based on income.
Cost is on a sliding scale.
Cost is on an indivualized basis.
Cost is one consideration, obviously.
Cost is one crucial concern for dry-cleaners.
Cost is one dollar per hour for the first six hours, then two dollars per hour for additional time.
COST is one dollar per swimmer per visit.
Cost is one factor in deciding which program to adopt.
Cost is one factor, but fit is the overriding concern.
Cost is one factor, but the industry also needs to do a better job of proving benefits.
Cost is one factor, that journey home time another.
Cost is one factor.
Cost is one inhibitor.
Cost is one key factor.
Cost is one limitation, time another, and just plain laziness has a place somewhere in there too.
Cost is one major trade-off here.
Cost is one nonperishable food item for the food pantry.
Cost is one obstacle to hearing aid use.
Cost is one obstacle.
Cost is one of the biggest hurdles the industry faces.
Cost is one of the main arguments that industry wins over organic agriculture.
Cost is one of the main inhibitors of implementing it.
Cost is one of the major factors.
Cost is one of the major obstacles to providing the technologies needed.
Cost is one of the major reasons why many insulin users re-use their syringes.
Cost is one of the most important considerations in any space transportation system.
Cost is one of the most important factors.
Cost is one of the stock issues.
Cost is one of the system's better selling points.
Cost is one pound five pence per person round trip.
Cost is one problem for many smokers.
Cost is one reason.
Cost is one side of the project triangle model.
Cost is one way.
Cost is one.
Cost is only a fraction of the issue.
Cost is only fifteen dollars per game.
Cost is only one dollar.
Cost is only one factor.
Cost is only one of many factors influencing prescription habits, obviously.
Cost is only one of many factors.
Cost is only one of several vote-reform challenges.
Cost is only one of the problems with such a unit.
Cost is only reimbursement of postage and insurance.
Cost is only to be considered at the implementation stage.
Cost is paid by employee.
Cost is paid by the employee.
Cost is paid per semester.
Cost is part of the criteria.
Cost is per activity.
Cost is per animal and per guide.
Cost is per family.
Cost is per group with one demo per visit, please.
Cost is per group.
Cost is PER item.
Cost is per mineral.
Cost is per pair.
Cost is per person based on double occupancy .
Cost is per person in double accommodation.
Cost is per person unless otherwise noted.
Cost is per person.
Cost is per room, per night, plus room tax.
Cost is per torch.
Cost is per two terms.
Cost is per unit and minimal when prices per person.
Cost is per-person and reasonable.
Cost is probably a factor.
Cost is probably only a few dollars.
Cost is probably the biggest advantage of purchasing Web-based software.
Cost is probably the key discriminator in choosing to buy from Buffalo.
Cost is probably the least important parameter.
Cost is probably the most compelling factor accounting for the popularity of manufactured housing.
Cost is prohibitive for all but the largest libraries.
Cost is prohibitive.
Cost is prorated from start of service.
Cost is prorated monthly.
Cost is purely shared expenses such as food, travel and equipment rental.
Cost is quite low, of course.
Cost is quite low.
Cost is really the major advantage, especially when projection of color images is considered.
Cost is reasonable and includes all meals.
Cost is reasonable and justifiable.
Cost is reasonable and the society provides a wide range of services and information.
Cost is reasonable, and complete courses are prewritten based on the text.
Cost is reasonable.
Cost is reasonably low.
Cost is reduced as user traffic more efficiently shares the total available link bandwidth.
Cost is reduced because of competition among vendors supporting the same standard.
Cost is reduced due to cutting and fabricating fittings on site.
Cost is reduced significantly.
Cost is reduced substantially without sacrificing performance.
Cost is reduced through efficient resource sharing.
Cost is reimbursement.
Cost is related to the amount of unpublished data supplied.
Cost is related to the number of reprints requested.
Cost is relative and approximate, of course.
Cost is relative to value received.
Cost is relative.
Cost is relatively cheap.
Cost is relatively low.
Cost is relatively modest.
Cost is relatively small.
Cost is replacement cost plus a processing fee.
Cost is required for domain acquisition.
Cost is roughly one third the price of most major publications.
Cost is Rp.
Cost is scrutinized more closely than ever before.
Cost is second.
Cost is secondary to function.
Cost is secondary.
Cost is set, negotiable only with different size stadium.
Cost is several hundred pounds.
Cost is shared between two players.
Cost is significantlylower.
Cost is simply the price of the telephone call.
Cost is slightly higher but in the same ballpark.
Cost is slightly less than gold and substantially less than a crown.
Cost is small - exposure is enormous.
Cost is small, generally less than other commercially available operating systems.
Cost is small.
Cost is sometimes an issue.
Cost is still a big problem with some environments.
Cost is still high.
Cost is still important, but buyers are more interested in complementary competencies.
Cost is still the big issue.
Cost is still the main factor.
Cost is still to be determined.
Cost is subject to change prior to trip.
Cost is subject to change.
Cost is subject to location and applicable building codes.
Cost is subject to slight change in the event of unanticipated increases in program elements.
Cost is substantially lower than comparative systems.
Cost is ten cents per copied page plus postage and handling.
Cost is ten cents per egg.
Cost is ten cents per page.
Cost is ten dollars for the first copy, three dollars for each additional one.
Cost is the actual dollars expended within a budget position during the fiscal year.
Cost is the amount of money that a property owner has invested in a property.
Cost is the best answer.
Cost is the best way to determine which Christian college to attend.
Cost is the big issue here.
Cost is the big unknown.
Cost is the biggest factor.
Cost is the biggest issue for any improvements.
Cost is the biggest issue.
Cost is the cash or cash-equivalent amount given in exchange.
Cost is the chief concern driving the industry proposal.
Cost is the critical issue.
Cost is the defining issue.
Cost is the driver, but service delivery is the key.
Cost is the employee contributions only, plus any interest, and is always cost effective .
Cost is the factor.
Cost is the first cost of asset.
Cost is the fundamental question.
Cost is the greatest deterrent to using stone.
Cost is the immediate reason.
Cost is the issue.
Cost is the key factor in decisions about how best to approach and interact with customers.
Cost is the key question.
Cost is the key to successful mail shots.
Cost is the key word.
Cost is the main difference between anti-virus systems.
Cost is the main factor in buying vineyards in the Napa Valley.
Cost is the main factor that deters law firms from launching sustained advertising campaigns.
Cost is the main factor.
Cost is the main hang-up.
Cost is the main hindrance in implementing many bandwidth enhancing technologies.
Cost is the main hindrance to increasing bandwidth for many organizations.
Cost is the main one.
Cost is the main reason why so much of the developing world is still heavily polluted.
Cost is the main reason.
Cost is the major barrier.
Cost is the major difference.
Cost is the major factor.
Cost is the most commonly observed barrier.
Cost is the most important factor in product purchase as it has the highest range of utility values.
Cost is the most obvious advantage.
Cost is the most obvious factor.
Cost is the most obvious reason.
Cost is the much bigger variable and measure in a buying decision.
Cost is the number one barrier to obtaining computer training.
Cost is the number one factor that influences commuters to try an alternative to driving alone.
Cost is the numerator.
Cost is the obvious barrier to drug therapy.
Cost is the obvious one, but quality of the food and the experience are also factors.
Cost is the one major disadvantage of the ultrasonic seepage meter.
Cost is the only drawback.
Cost is the only inhibitor for many companies from getting their product to market.
Cost is the only real issue.
Cost is the original cost or basis of the asset less any accumulated depreciation.
Cost is the original cost or basis of the asset, less any accumulated depreciation.
Cost is the other deciding factor in planting food plots.
Cost is the other major factor.
Cost is the overriding factor affecting the success of emissions treatment technology.
Cost is the price of admission to the Gold Cup.
Cost is the price of admission to the zoo.
Cost is the price of each option.
Cost is the primary barrier.
Cost is the primary consideration when determining which functions to integrate.
Cost is the primary reason so many people are joining managed care plans.
Cost is the prohibitive factor.
Cost is the real key to transferring technology into the commercial sector.
Cost is the regular tuition rate per credit hour plus books.
Cost is the return postage.
Cost is the sacrifice of resources necessary to meet responsibilities.
Cost is the same as a regular phone call.
Cost is the same as above.
Cost is the same as for a gold alloy.
Cost is the same as regular admission.
Cost is the same as with a photocopy card.
Cost is the same for either please specify.
Cost is the same with exception of the one-time setup fee.
Cost is the same.
Cost is the second best choice people give up when they make their best choice.
Cost is the second factor.
Cost is the single most important issue on any project.
Cost is the usual objection.
Cost is therefore a prime factor in most any sword purchase.
Cost is therefore an important factor in the purchasing decision.
Cost is therefore the key criteria.
Cost is ticket plus expenses.
Cost is to be announced.
Cost is to be determined later.
Cost is to be determined.
Cost is too high.
Cost is totally free to all cadets participating.
Cost is triple local shipping charge shown.
Cost is twenty dollars for state residents.
Cost is twenty-five cents per copy.
Cost is twenty-five dollars.
Cost is typically greater than for all other instruments.
Cost is typically the prohibitor to the type of end-product a client receives.
Cost is under a hundred dollars.
Cost is under ten bucks making it a quick fix.
Cost is unknown.
Cost is up in the air, too, but expect to see pricing similar to mobile-phone providers.
Cost is usually a concern.
Cost is usually a few dollars each.
Cost is usually a major issue.
Cost is usually a one-time software purchase.
Cost is usually an issue.
Cost is usually free.
Cost is usually low and pay backs are quick.
Cost is usually lower than for traditional methods.
Cost is usually lower than redundant schemes.
Cost is usually much less than the mechanical or electric types.
Cost is usually secondary to program schedule .
Cost is usually the reason.
Cost is variable based upon ticket option chosen.
Cost is variable depending on the connectivity requirement.
Cost is variable from model to model.
Cost is variable, depending on the program.
Cost is very affordable.
Cost is very important to keep an eye on.
Cost is very important.
Cost is very inexpensive when compared to automatic blood pressure machines.
Cost is very low.
Cost is very reasonable.
Cost is very similar between floatplane and speedboat depending on the number of passengers.
Cost is very small in comparison to X-ray review and other workup.
Cost is what an institution spends to provide educational and related services.
Cost is whatever is ordered from the menu plus tax and tip.
Cost is whatever is ordered from the menu, plus tax and tip.
Cost is within budget, and the tasks are adequately staffed with available personnel.
Cost is worth paying.
Cost is yet to be determined.
Cost is, above county charge plus county fee.
Cost is, as always, a concern.
Cost is, in part, a result of producers needs and resource availability.
Cost is, of course, a factor in implementing solutions.
Cost is, of course, an issue.
Cost isa quality.
Cost justify any identified capital improvements using the interim system as the base line.
Cost justify the acquisition through asset generated improvements in revenue or efficiencies.
Cost keeps many from trying the benefits of fluorocarbon.
Cost Let's take a closer look at the issues.
Cost listed below includes Checklist and postage.
Cost listed is for scanning to user provided disk.
Cost listed is per person.
Cost makes it impractical to machine the castings to precision tolerances.
Cost makes many people choose to power only part of their home with solar.
Cost means accrued expenditure.
Cost means opportunity cost, including all implicit and explicit costs.
Cost needs to be cut down in the company.
Cost needs to be divided into a set of categories.
Cost needs to be understood, but is likely to be modest impact.
Cost now fluctuate wildly due to unstable exchange rate.
Cost offset from a psychiatric consultation-liaison intervention with elderly hip fracture patients.
Cost plagues the arrival of a second line.
Cost plays a major role.
Cost plays a part for both the average breeder and pet owner when selecting a diet.
Cost plays a part.
Cost plays an important role.
Cost precludes the use of nematicides in fields.
Cost presents a concern and challenge for hybrid vehicle designers.
Cost prohibits widescale use.
Cost Proven teacher training is invaluable.
Cost provides insight.
Cost Provides maximum value for premium dollar.
Cost provides new insight.
Cost provides the competitive advantage.
Cost quoted is an estimate as airfare is unpredictable due to surcharges.
Cost quoted is an estimate for the academic year.
Cost ranges from about the same to considerably more than the cost of study at home.
Cost ranges from several hundred to several thousand dollars.
Cost ranks high in making a selection.
Cost Reduce the cost of taking payloads to orbit.
Cost reduces if more than two travellers.
Cost refers to all expenses incurred during the year whether paid or payable.
Cost refers to historical cost as well as projected cost.
Cost refers to the providers actual expenses.
Cost refers to the relative cost of using various media.
Cost reflects conditions.
Cost reflects difficult conditions.
Cost reflects more difficult conditions.
Cost reflects partial tuition scholarship, and includes tuition and student fees.
Cost reflects price paid at the specified retailer.
Cost reflects shorter session.
Cost reflects up to next full minute.
Cost reflects values.
Cost relates to occupant productivity.
Cost relates to productivity.
Cost remains a big issue for consumers, though.
Cost remains a big issue.
Cost remains an issue.
Cost remains the biggest hurdle to widespread adoption of fuel cells in cars.
Cost remains the chief stumbling block to achieving the completely recycled vehicle.
Cost restricts access to recreational activities for low-income families.
Cost rises significantly for lower quantity.
Cost See the DIS Website for approximate cost.
Cost seems to be a problem for a number of folks.
Cost seems to be the significant issue.
Cost seems to come before quality.
Cost sees only the danger in short term expenditures.
Cost Sharing Contact other area business owners to share the seminar and share the costs.
Cost shifting to the recipient and denial of service are two of the most important.
Cost shown is for technical questions.
Cost shown reflects advanced reservations rates.
Cost Specify the cost for participating in the event.
Cost still have to be awarded.
Cost then becomes a greater determining factor when the government makes acquisition decisions.
Cost then becomes the barrier to otherwise available services.
Cost then equals invoice cost.
Cost There are a few basic ways to host a workshop.
Cost There are a variety of programs taking place that require separate fees.
Cost There are direct and indirect costs associated with severe headaches.
Cost There are no membership fees.
Cost There are three registration options.
Cost There is a charge for each class registration.
Cost There is a flat one-time condition monitoring fee per project.
Cost There is a range of prices with various housing choices.
Cost There is a small fee charged for riding the bus.
Cost There is an administration charge for organising a recruitment day on campus.
Cost There is an administration charge for organising and publicising presentations.
Cost There is an administration charge for organising interviews at the campus.
Cost There is an object indicating the cost to retrieve objects from a Domain.
Cost There is limited space available.
Cost There is no charge for attending the conference.
Cost There is no charge for borrowing materials.
Cost There is no charge for campus tours, attending lectures or for meeting university personnel.
Cost There is no charge for issuance of an authorization code.
Cost There is no charge for journal articles.
Cost There is no charge for processing the request from the university library.
Cost There is no charge for registration at the workshop.
Cost There is no charge for workshops.
Cost There is no charge to borrow books.
Cost There is no charge to faculty for a facilitator or room cost for academic courses.
Cost There is no charge to participate.
Cost There is no charge to use the computers.
Cost There is no cost for the program's coverage for an employee.
Cost There is no cost for the removable windshield placard or sticker.
Cost There is no cost for using the basic services of The Fresno Bee.
Cost There is no cost for using the basic services of The World Online.
Cost There is no cost to Oklahoma producers.
Cost There is no cost to the consumer.
Cost There is no direct tuition cost for students.
Cost There is no employee cost for the program's coverage.
Cost There is no fee for Fundamental level courses.
Cost There is no fee for services.
Cost There is no longer a booking fee for the pub, so dont worry about that.
Cost therefore plays a very important role in the product design process.
Cost too is likely to be a consideration.
Cost unfortunetly is also an issue.
Cost uses basis - units of production concept.
Cost varies a lot depending on the document.
Cost varies according to accommodation.
Cost varies according to basket chosen.
Cost varies according to car size from lit.
Cost varies according to course and time played.
Cost varies according to destination.
Cost varies according to individual preferences.
Cost varies according to length of session and membership status.
Cost varies according to locale and competition among media sources.
Cost varies according to meal plan selected.
Cost varies according to nationality of applicant.
Cost varies according to nationality.
Cost varies according to option chosen.
Cost varies according to project chosen.
Cost varies according to region.
Cost varies according to services requested.
Cost varies according to size and season.
Cost varies according to size.
Cost varies according to the area being treated, density and strength of hair growth.
Cost varies according to the complexity and size of the project.
Cost varies according to the coverage selected.
Cost varies according to the extent of address coverage.
Cost varies according to the length of the course.
Cost varies according to the number of people travelling.
Cost varies according to the value of the item.
Cost varies and depends on level of participation.
Cost varies and is based on membership level.
Cost varies and tends to increase slightly each year.
Cost varies as well.
Cost varies based on size and application.
Cost varies based on size of provider and services provided.
Cost varies based on the in-services being offered.
Cost varies based on the type of display chosen.
Cost varies based on the wormer used.
Cost varies based upon options selected.
Cost varies but there is no registration deadline.
Cost varies by activity.
Cost varies by class.
Cost varies by community.
Cost varies by complexity and maintenance level.
Cost varies by county.
Cost varies by course.
Cost varies by destination.
Cost varies by drawing size, job size and other production factors.
Cost varies by event.
Cost varies by institution.
Cost varies by location.
Cost varies by number of users.
Cost varies by plot size.
Cost varies by program.
Cost varies by registration date.
Cost varies by ride.
Cost varies by school.
Cost varies by session.
Cost varies by site and is listed with the site information.
Cost varies by size.
Cost varies by state.
Cost varies by study, but generally there is no cost.
Cost varies by telephone company.
Cost varies considerably depending on type aircraft used and the instructor's background.
Cost varies dependent on group size, ages, and programming.
Cost varies dependent upon entry level.
Cost varies depending on ability to pay.
Cost varies depending on age of family members.
Cost varies depending on camp location and makeup of the coaching staff.
Cost varies depending on customization and combination of products and services.
Cost varies depending on geographical area, shipping distance, shape, and color.
Cost varies depending on location and travel costs.
Cost varies depending on material.
Cost varies depending on number of colors and logo design.
Cost varies depending on number of players rostered to each team.
Cost varies depending on options.
Cost varies depending on order size.
Cost varies depending on patient category.
Cost varies depending on payment option chosen.
Cost varies depending on quantity and detail.
Cost varies depending on quantity ordered.
Cost varies depending on service.
Cost varies depending on size and placement.
Cost varies depending on tape length and quantity ordered.
Cost varies depending on the age of the child.
Cost varies depending on the anticipated size of the field.
Cost varies depending on the destination country.
Cost varies depending on the level of clean-up.
Cost varies depending on the number of participants from a local union.
Cost varies depending on the number of participants, length of project, and hours.
Cost varies depending on the number of participating departments.
Cost varies depending on the page.
Cost varies depending on the product and complexity of test requirements.
Cost varies depending on the ship, number of days, cabin type, cabin location and itinerary.
Cost varies depending on the specific type of spermicide used.
Cost varies depending on the specifications and nature of customization.
Cost varies depending on the type of coverage desired.
Cost varies depending on the type of process being issued and the number of defendants to be served.
Cost varies depending on the type of surgery.
Cost varies depending on the visa status of the student.
Cost varies depending on time frame and user status.
Cost varies depending on travelling distance.
Cost varies depending on videotape format and duration to be copied.
Cost varies depending on weight and destination.
Cost varies depending on weight of course.
Cost varies depending on what needs to be done.
Cost varies depending upon elective chosen.
Cost varies depending upon number of tests and difficulty of the assessment.
Cost varies depending upon package and desired room style.
Cost varies depending upon the job requirements and size.
Cost varies due to size of cabin, number of boys and supper menu.
Cost varies each semester.
Cost varies each year depending on tuition and fees.
Cost varies for classes.
Cost varies for daily, half-day, partial day or full week.
Cost varies for each event.
Cost varies from approx.
Cost varies from course to course, and dates are posted many weeks prior to the actual class.
Cost varies from job to job.
Cost varies from location to location.
Cost varies from low to moderate, depending on circumstances.
Cost varies from program to program.
Cost varies from several hundred to thousands of dollars, depending on the scope of the project.
Cost varies from site to site, call for prices.
Cost varies from store to store and depend on how many disks are purchased.
Cost varies from surgeon to surgeon and according to where they practice.
Cost varies greatly by community.
Cost Varies greatly by technique.
Cost varies in accordance with quantities, sizes, packaging required, and degree of customization.
Cost varies on size and level of instruction.
Cost varies on type of aircraft used.
Cost varies on type, maker, overall gain.
Cost varies on volume of business.
Cost varies per aircraft.
Cost varies per job depending on quantity and detail.
Cost varies per location, housing and supplies provided by host church.
Cost varies per program.
Cost varies per session.
Cost varies per trip.
Cost varies slightly each year.
Cost varies substantially depending on the usage of the program.
Cost varies upon size of the ad.
Cost varies widely among marriage counselors.
Cost varies widely depending on type of improvements.
Cost varies widely depending on weight of vehicle.
Cost varies widely.
Cost varies with accommodation required.
Cost varies with course selection.
Cost varies with customizing.
Cost varies with distance of school.
Cost varies with each coach.
Cost varies with each kit.
Cost varies with each league.
Cost varies with each trip.
Cost varies with event.
Cost varies with every home and lifestyle requirement.
Cost varies with items chosen and supplies needed.
Cost varies with items requested.
Cost varies with needs.
Cost varies with nugget composition.
Cost varies with number of records involved.
Cost varies with options selected.
Cost varies with plan.
Cost varies with program and schedule.
Cost varies with quantity and number of colors.
Cost varies with quantity and types of waste.
Cost varies with quantity ordered.
Cost varies with respect to income.
Cost varies with room type and outings chosen.
Cost varies with size.
Cost varies with stipend and ages of individuals.
Cost varies with the length and nature of each program.
Cost varies with the length of stay and the number of individuals participating.
Cost varies with the level of difficulty and research required.
Cost varies with the locale, complexity of the dance and the experience of the restager.
Cost varies with the scale of the project.
Cost varies with the type of ride.
Cost varies with travel range required.
Cost varies with type of study and location.
Cost varies with wine type and shipping.
Cost varies, call for more information.
Cost varies, depending on income.
Cost varies, depending on level of participation.
Cost varies, depending on the vehicle's make and model.
Cost varies, see attached.
Cost vary according to dormitory.
Cost vary according to subject and location.
Cost vary depending on length of program and size of group.
Cost vary depending on the scope of the proposed project.
Cost vary with all programs.
Cost vary, and are quoted only after an application is submitted.
Costs above are for the official dates of occupancy.
Costs accrue at every point of the fossil fuel supply chain.
Costs add to car-owner woes, as does system trouble.
Costs add up for requesting vital records and other genealogical materials.
Costs add up in other ways, too.
Costs add up quickly.
Costs add up, but quality does too.
Costs add up.
Costs affect expenses.
Costs affect the owner of the car, the driver, other people, the environment, or something else.
Costs also change from year to year.
Costs also decline appreciably as the site reaches stability and only maintenance is needed.
Costs also depend on region and location and on which of the following services are needed.
Costs also depend on the coverage.
Costs also depend on whether accommodation is shared.
Costs also depend on which databases are accessed.
Costs also determine how care is managed.
Costs also differ by medium used.
Costs also have to be calculated.
Costs also have to be weighed.
Costs also play a role.
Costs also pose a problem.
Costs also rise with the number of users and features.
Costs also vary according to how much competition exists in a given market.
Costs also vary according to occupation.
Costs also vary based on the part of the country the property is located.
Costs also vary considerably among institutions within Wisconsin.
Costs also vary depending on geographic location.
Costs also vary depending on steel and wood prices.
Costs also vary depending on the skill and level of services of the subcontractor.
Costs also vary depending on the type of container or casket selected.
Costs also vary depending on the type of offshore fund.
Costs also vary from dealer to dealer.
Costs also vary from doctor to doctor and in different parts of the country.
Costs also vary in accord with economic differences in communities and geographic locations.
Costs also vary regionally, with London being the most expensive place to visit.
Costs also vary widely from one provider to another.
Costs appear to be outstripping benefits.
Costs are a big factor.
Costs are a big problem for everyone.
Costs are a combination of outright payment, often financed by the franchiser, and a revenue share.
Costs are a concern.
Costs are a factor for smaller buildings if two entranceways are needed.
Costs are a function of the site size and the complexity of the pages.
Costs are a good starting point for evaluating funds.
Costs are a leak in the bucket of performance.
Costs are a major concern for parents buying assistive technology products.
Costs are a major concern of patients and families.
Costs are a phenomenon of valuation.
Costs are a reality.
Costs are acquisition costs, plus implementation costs, plus life cycle costs.
Costs are acquisition costs, plus implementation costs, plus life-cycle costs.
Costs are affordable and vary depending upon setup requirements.
Costs are all inclusive - except for alcohol.
Costs are all inclusive.
Costs are almost always the best.
Costs are almost entirely people.
Costs are also a major concern.
Costs are also always higher in the rural schools.
Costs are also easy to handle.
Costs are also generally lower than with traditional open abdominal surgery.
Costs are also high and the test is slow and cumbersome.
Costs are also high.
Costs are also higher for well known artists and lower for lesser known ones.
Costs are also important.
Costs are also likely to be high in the even more advanced procedures now being proposed.
Costs are also lower because of the reduced risk when expenses are spread over a larger group.
Costs are also lower in Canada for industrial land, construction and electricity.
Costs are also much lower than with traditional surgical biopsies.
Costs are also very reasonable.
Costs are always a concern.
Costs are always a consideration in decisions about research travel.
Costs are always an important consideration.
Costs are always an issue and the belief that anything is free is slowly being addressed.
Costs are always easier to prove than savings.
Costs are always higher for continuing higher education.
Costs are always likely to exceed original budgeting.
Costs are among the lowest available in the state.
Costs are among the lowest in the state.
Costs are among the most reasonable in Mexico.
Costs are an average of cost to patient obtained from three local pharmacies.
Costs are an estimate only.
Costs are an everyday and unavoidable part of medical decision making.
Costs are another highly important consideration.
Costs are another issue requiring close scrutiny.
Costs are another item planners have yet to get a grasp on.
Costs are appropriate and reasonable.
Costs are approximate and are subject to change without notice.
Costs are approximate and can change.
Costs are approximate.
Costs are approximately one-third the cost of nursing homes.
Costs are as above.
Costs are as below.
Costs are as follows.
Costs are as low as possible for burners.
Costs are as shown in the following table.
Costs are as shown.
Costs are as stated previously.
Costs are astronomical.
Costs are at a reduced rate to students.
Costs are available from our reservationist when making reservations.
Costs are available here .
Costs are available here and here .
Costs are available on application.
Costs are available on request.
Costs are available upon request.
Costs are based on double occupancy, single rooms are available.
Costs are based on quantity needed, how complex the artwork is and how long it takes to cut.
Costs are both one-time and ongoing.
Costs are by donation only.
Costs are by the hour.
Costs are commensurate with the sophistication of the system.
Costs are comparable but vary per community.
Costs are comparable to any good roof.
Costs are comparable to current North Park tuition and fees.
Costs are comparable to current standards for sessions of psychotherapy.
Costs are comparable to library copying, with additional charges if rush service is requested.
Costs are comparable to renting a truck.
Costs are comparable to residence hall living.
Costs are comparable to study on the home campus.
Costs are comparatively low to moderate.
Costs are competitive and the company's hard to beat.
Costs are competitive with off-campus housing.
Costs are competitive with other options as a group discount rate is offered as a team.
Costs are competitive.
Costs are considerabe and reflect the commercial database environment.
Costs are considerable and reflect the commercial database environment.
Costs are considerably less than similar clinics in the United States or Europe.
Costs are considerably lower as less material is used per tree or per hectare.
Costs are considerably lower than conventional steel or concrete storage systems.
Costs are considerably more for storing email and hosting a web site.
Costs are consistent with other day care services in the community.
Costs are constant even when the warehouse isn t full.
Costs are critical to any food distribution facility.
Costs are definable and reasonable.
Costs are dependant on instrument time.
Costs are dependant on party size, length of stay and the time of year.
Costs are dependant on services and the rating of the escort.
Costs are dependant on the scale and complexity of the tasks involved.
Costs are dependent on geography.
Costs are dependent on specific briefs.
Costs are dependent on the number of building level teams and material kits purchased.
Costs are dependent on weight and destination.
Costs are dependent primarily on storage zone depth and well yield.
Costs are dependent upon destination.
Costs are dependent upon the number of people attending per company.
Costs are dependent upon the scope and nature of the activity.
Costs are dependent upon the size and nature of the property.
Costs are detailed above.
Costs are detailed in the table below.
Costs are determined at time of inquiry and vary according to location and current semester.
Costs are determined on a per job basis.
Costs are determined on an individual basis.
Costs are determined only after the program's successful completion.
Costs are determined up-front and based on projected order volumes.
Costs are detrimental.
Costs are different for each program.
Costs are different from fees.
Costs are difficult to determine due to the nature of the bill.
Costs are difficult to estimate.
Costs are down, and profits are way up.
Costs are down, revenues are up . . .
Costs are down.
Costs are easier to control because there are fewer variables with tilt-up.
Costs are easier to project because they are easier to research.
Costs are easy to grasp, the figures are usually large.
Costs are economical considering the amount of work that can be done in a short time.
Costs are eligible if new staff is hired or hours of current staff increased.
Costs are equally evasive to measure.
Costs are estimates and are subject to change.
Costs are estimates only.
Costs are even more key to bond investing because fund returns tend to fall within a narrow range.
Costs are everything.
Costs are exclusive of recess periods.
Costs are exclusive of school personnel and release time.
Costs are exclusive of volunteer time and effort.
Costs are expenses, and a voluntary donation to the museum fund.
Costs are extremely affordable with group booking discounts available for the summer period.
Costs are extremely high.
Costs are extremely reasonable.
Costs are fairly low here, though high by third world standards.
Costs are fairly minimal.
Costs are far less, yields are up, and most are sticking with it.
Costs are fl.
Costs are flexible depending on the presenter, time involved, and travel expenses.
Costs are for adults and rounded.
Costs are for copying, handling, and postage only.
Costs are for dumper truck and bucket excavator hire, plus personnel time.
Costs are for faculty and support.
Costs are for in-place measurements.
Costs are for instruction only.
Costs are for Maricopa County residents.
Costs are for North America only.
Costs are for the academic year only.
Costs are for the first year and include hardware maintainance.
Costs are for trips to any part of the river or to the marina.
Costs are for web consultant fees.
Costs are for whole process, including secondary treatment or landfill of vitrified product.
Costs are forgone alternatives and always involve choice.
Costs are forgone opportunities which are entirely subjective in nature.
Costs are frequently lower when distances from dredging site to disposal site are reduced.
Costs are generally high as many imports come from France.
Costs are generally less than for software sold through traditional channels.
Costs are generally low because a sponsor often provides management, help, and office facilities.
Costs are generally lower at the colleges, and students can often live at home.
Costs are generally lower than home health services or nursing homes.
Costs are generally more closely scrutinized within the treasury, as well.
Costs are generally tax deductible.
Costs are going up, service is decreasing and our environment is becoming increasingly toxic.
Costs are greater than returns.
Costs are high and audiences are getting smaller.
Costs are high and turn-around time is long.
Costs are high because of the large amount of human intervention.
Costs are high but the fuel is free, and maintenance costs are low.
Costs are high for commercial river companies.
Costs are high for the products available now.
Costs are high in large part because of the large number of pensioners.
Costs are high, and they can barely try to get away with a profit margin.
Costs are high, however.
Costs are high, jobs are scarce, and there's a little problem with the weather.
Costs are high, lines are poor and in short supply.
Costs are high, so consider placement and timing carefully.
Costs are high.
Costs are higher because additional network hardware and software are required.
Costs are higher for books sent outside the U.S. or via overnight delivery.
Costs are higher for propagation of masu salmon than for chum and pink salmon.
Costs are higher for the ceiling method and are related to enrollment.
Costs are higher in California.
Costs are higher in New York City and Long Island.
Costs are higher in Switzerland than in any other European country.
Costs are higher than originally anticipated.
Costs are higher than sewer for the customer.
Costs are higher, both initially and during system life.
Costs are highest during the introduction phase.
Costs are highly predictable while the workflow remains flexible.
Costs are highly site specific.
Costs are highly variable and difficult to determine in advance.
Costs are highly variable and difficult to determine.
Costs are highly variable.
Costs are huge.
Costs are immediate and benefits are long term.
Costs are important but secondary.
Costs are important for all bond funds, but especially for municipal-bond funds.
Costs are important today, and customers want value.
Costs are important.
Costs are in addition to above program fees.
Costs are in addition to course fees.
Costs are in addition to regular hosting charges.
Costs are in Canadian dollars per person.
Costs are in Canadian funds and include postage, handling and all taxes within Canada.
Costs are in English pounds.
Costs are in line with competing technologies.
Costs are inappropriate.
Costs are incredibly affordable at one of the cheapest rates available in Melbourne.
Costs are insignificant in the grand scheme of things.
Costs are just too far out of control.
Costs are kept down, so entry fees are low.
Costs are less for bicycles than cars.
Costs are less for distributors.
Costs are less on the mainland.
Costs are less than at larger, four-year colleges and universities.
Costs are less.
Costs are likely to be considerably lower for other, smaller urban areas.
Costs are likely to be relatively modest.
Costs are location-specific.
Costs are low , and there are lots of scholarships and financial aid available.
Costs are low and limited child care is available.
Costs are low and the commissions are fat.
Costs are low and the work force is educated and able to meet the demands of changing technology.
Costs are low for a simple web page and increase with web size and difficulty.
Costs are low, and sometimes are borne entirely by the sponsoring organization.
Costs are low, few soldiers are endangered, nothing makes the newspapers in the cities.
Costs are low, so go ahead.
Costs are low, too.
Costs are low, while expert tuition and safety are assured.
Costs are low.
Costs are lower and potential surface disturbances are markedly less.
Costs are lower and there is far less violence.
Costs are lower and turnaround time shorter there.
Costs are lower for evening students, but it takes longer to earn the degree.
Costs are lower for larger lot sizes.
Costs are lower for two reasons.
Costs are lower in rural areas, higher in urban areas.
Costs are lower in the United States.
Costs are lower online.
Costs are lower than a more traditional computing environment, and there is less initial investment.
Costs are lower than in conventional education.
Costs are lower than projected initially.
Costs are lower than the store owning the inventory and paying for moving it around.
Costs are lower when customers hand over their credit cards to make in-store purchases.
Costs are lower, due to limited choice.
Costs are lower, giving the ability to move product faster, and increase overall productivity.
Costs are mainly production costs.
Costs are manageable and sources of funds are available to the committed and persistent.
Costs are met by the disputing parties.
Costs are minimal and the rewards are great.
Costs are minimal compared to the opportunity.
Costs are minimal, and attire usually consists or shirts, jodhpurs, and riding boots.
Costs are minimal, and gains are substantial.
Costs are minimal.
Costs are moderate.
Costs are modest - benefits are great.
Costs are modest and sensible.
Costs are modest.
Costs are monitored and controlled, the emphasis is on profit.
Costs are monthly recurring for the life of the system.
Costs are more than competitive with any other training establishment.
Costs are most reasonable.
Costs are MUCH lower.
Costs are necessary if the regulations are needed to protect health, safety and the environment.
Costs are negotiable depending on the range and extent of services provided.
Costs are negotiable on menu and service.
Costs are negotiable.
Costs are nominal.
Costs are normal.
Costs are normally between one to two percent per year.
Costs are often considerably lower.
Costs are often difficult to estimate in budget preparation because they are numerous and variable.
Costs are often less, too.
Costs are on a sliding scale and fellowships are available to many of the events.
Costs are on a sliding-fee scale.
Costs are on application.
Costs are on demand.
Costs are on the rise again.
Costs are on the rise.
Costs are one of the primary concerns.
Costs are one of the variables that management can control.
Costs are one thing.
Costs are only a little easier to deal with.
Costs are only a portion of the complex e-world.
Costs are out of control.
Costs are partially or completely subsidized, depending on specific needs.
Costs are particularly high for Internet access.
Costs are payable at the time of order.
Costs are payable upon sign up.
Costs are per animal and per guide.
Costs are per event per day.
Costs are per figure.
Costs are per person based on double occupancy.
Costs are per person per night.
Costs are per person.
Costs are per room, per night, breakfast and taxes included.
Costs are per semester and per person.
Costs are per semester.
Costs are per visit, per billed customer, per premises.
Costs are price of the specimen plus Shipping and Handling.
Costs are proportionately higher for the twelve-month academic year.
Costs are pro-rated according to the number of weeks the student was in attendance.
Costs are provisional estimates only.
Costs are quite reasonable and usually include a meal.
Costs are quite reasonable, but vary widely, depending on site characteristics and system criteria.
Costs are quite reasonable.
Costs are real and have an important effect on the economy.
Costs are real and they are incurred no matter who provides the good.
Costs are reasonable and appropriate in relation to the objectives.
Costs are reasonable and membership is free.
Costs are reasonable.
Costs are relatively easy to find out.
Costs are relatively high and there are many uncertainties.
Costs are relatively high, and a bit hard to pin down.
Costs are relatively low and most equipment can be used year after year .
Costs are relatively low and most equipment can be used year after year.
Costs are relatively low in comparison with four-year colleges.
Costs are relatively low, and profits can be very high.
Costs are relatively small.
Costs are salaries only.
Costs are same as thermal printing shown above.
Costs are separate from fines.
Costs are significant.
Costs are significantly higher than in informal service.
Costs are significantly less than traditional dial up access.
Costs are similar to fall plowing.
Costs are similar to mechanical methods.
Costs are similar to the nationwide average repair and replacement cost.
Costs are similarly high even if a firm does offer health coverage.
Costs are simply dependent on the health of the inmates.
Costs are slightly higher for non-members.
Costs are slightly higher for residential courses.
Costs are slightly less for commuter students.
Costs are small comparedwith the size of the problems that can be tackled successfully.
Costs are so high, in fact, that more and more litigants are forced to argue their own cases.
Costs are so high, it's hard to survive as an art.
Costs are stable, so profit margins are generally holding.
Costs are staggering in terms of accidents, lost productivity, absenteeism, and employee turnover.
Costs are Still Deceptive.
Costs are still unknown but they are being covered for now without any surcharges.
Costs are subiect to change or vary slightly in some areas.
Costs are subject to alteration without notice.
Costs are subject to appropriations.
Costs are subject to change according to exchange rates.
Costs are subject to change annually.
Costs are subject to change as conditions warrant.
Costs are subject to change at any time.
Costs are subject to change at the beginning of each plan year.
Costs are subject to change based on circulation increases.
Costs are subject to change depending on the budget.
Costs are subject to change due to economic or legislative action in the interim.
Costs are subject to change due to fluctuating airfare rates.
Costs are subject to change due to the fluctuating exchange rate and airfare.
Costs are subject to change each year.
Costs are subject to change for students making payments after the deadline.
Costs are subject to change from year to year.
Costs are subject to change on short notice.
Costs are subject to change so check the link for current pricing.
Costs are subject to change with notice.
Costs are subject to change without notice.
Costs are subject to change without notification.
Costs are subject to change without prior notice.
Costs are subject to change year to year.
Costs are subject to change.
Costs are subject to currency fluctuations.
Costs are subject to evaluation and change on an annual basis.
Costs are subject to increase.
Costs are subject to wide discretion and they naturally follow the event.
Costs are subjective.
Costs are substantial in spite of direct and tax-related subsidies.
Costs are substantial.
Costs are substantially less for large facilities.
Costs are surprisingly low.
Costs are tax deductible to the extent provided by law.
Costs are tax deductible.
Costs are the first issues to be concerned about.
Costs are the most important factor when evaluating bond funds, hands down.
Costs are the responsibility of the course or program sponsors.
Costs are the responsibility of the student.
Costs are the responsibility of the user.
Costs are the same as for option one.
Costs are the same as regular cab fares.
Costs are the same as they are for staying in cabins.
Costs are the same for both single and double occupancy.
Costs are the same whether insuring an individual or a family.
Costs are the third field in the file, EEs are the fourth field in the file.
Costs are their main concerns.
Costs are therefore displaced values.
Costs are therefore quite minimal.
Costs are time and materials.
Costs are to be allocated among services to provider, patients, and non-reimbursable areas.
Costs are to be assessed to appellant.
Costs are to be borne by the operator.
Costs are to be borne by the succession.
Costs are to be costs in the cause.
Costs are to be divided equally between the appellant and the appellee.
Costs are to be estimated according to the average market value of the equipment.
Costs are to be moderate.
Costs are to be offset by fees charged for the use of the facility.
Costs are to be paid from community sponsorships.
Costs are to be specified for the major tasks in the proposed scope of work.
Costs are to be split with the county.
Costs are to be taxed against appellee.
Costs are to cover expenses related to printing and mailing the newsletter.
Costs are to covered by the income from advertisements or the selling of customer profiles.
Costs are too great.
Costs are Too High Even the best tree incurs unacceptably high error rates.
Costs are typical U.S. costs in U.S. dollars.
Costs are typically high, privacy is lacking and confidentiality is risky.
Costs are typically lower than in-house, although prices vary widely.
Costs are typically much lower than for traditionally marketed software of equivalent functionality.
Costs are under control.
Costs are under review as part of the design process.
Costs are undoubtedly high for anything new.
Costs are up and library budgets are down so that university presses are being challenged.
Costs are up in Pennsylvania, because farmers are now buying the feed they already tried to grow.
Costs are up.
Costs are usually greater, due to required administrative expenses and unnecessary taxes.
Costs are usually much higher and out of the range of individual prospectors.
Costs are usually still higher for employees than managed care plans.
Costs are valid only for the month indicated on the cost statement.
Costs are variable according to the equipment and personnel required.
Costs are variable depending on how many references are retrieved with each update.
Costs are variable depending on volume commitments.
Costs are variable, depending on the extent of the programme and the resources available.
Costs are variable.
Costs are varied covering the repairs, fuel bills, restoration work, and tax etc.
Costs are very competitive.
Costs are very favorable when compared to other advertising media.
Costs are very favourable to member companies and include breakfast.
Costs are very flexible and depend on individual needs.
Costs are very low and very reasonable.
Costs are very low.
Costs are very reasonable and service is dependable.
Costs are very reasonable.
Costs are way down.
Costs are well below the state average.
Costs are what really matter in the end, and are the ultimate determinant of rates.
Costs are, of course, important.
Costs arise from training, software and equipment, development time, promotion, etc.
Costs arising from the return are c.i.f. to the sender.
Costs arising from transportation by post are to be met by the participants themselves.
Costs Assess the impact of lateral forces on the cost of structural systems and buildings.
Costs associated with additional preparation of ads are negotiable.
Costs associated with an intranet are reasonably low.
Costs associated with attending the conference are the responsibility of the finalist organization.
Costs associated with breeding dogs raise the overall cost of a service dog considerably.
Costs associated with campaign advertising quickly reach astronomical levels.
Costs associated with crossing the border continue to be a concern.
Costs associated with forest ownership and improvement are sometimes a concern.
Costs associated with high employee turnover can be substantial for large companies.
Costs associated with immunization are the student's responsibility and vary with the provider.
Costs associated with it are based on the length and time of day the denial of service occurs.
Costs associated with lofts are HOA fees and parking.
Costs associated with managing a newspaper company are extremely high and volatile.
Costs associated with material shipping include packaging and handling costs.
Costs associated with modifications are greater than development of an entire new system.
Costs associated with Ocean Week are variable.
Costs associated with purchasing that apply on and offline are sales tax.
Costs associated with recruitment are usually allowable expenses to sponsored projects.
Costs associated with replacement dictates the necessity for alternative options.
Costs associated with shaft mining are higher than any other conventional method.
Costs associated with such activities are the responsibility of the student.
Costs associated with such coverage are the responsibility of the contractors.
Costs associated with the amendment are minimal.
Costs associated with the bibliography development are the responsibility of the student.
Costs associated with the DRC operations are the responsibility of the host organization.
Costs associated with the Internet are meager by comparison.
Costs associated with the leukemia are the responsibility of the patient.
Costs associated with the mitigation activities are ordinary contingent expenses.
Costs associated with the operation of an uplink are very high.
Costs associated with the relocation process can fall into several categories.
Costs associated with the transfer are the responsibility of the authorized user.
Costs associated with traditional hop garden construction are very high.
Costs associated with training include materials, travel, lodging, and meals.
Costs associated with using shelters include material and labor.
Costs become less important because the patient is insulated from a majority of the expenses.
Costs become lien .
Costs become predictable and capital expenditures for replacing obsolete equipment are eliminated.
Costs become the key element in decision making.
Costs begin accruing from the date of written notification.
Costs below are estimates and can vary based on type of accommodation and exchange rate.
Costs Call for prices.
Costs can also be prohibitive.
Costs can also range from rock bottom to top dollar.
Costs can also vary depending on how many people subscribe in a community.
Costs can amount to many thousands of dollars a year.
Costs can be a bit high.
Costs can be astronomical.
Costs can be considerable depending upon the quality needed.
Costs can be considerably higher and licensing is much more restrictive.
Costs can be decimal.
Costs can be enormous.
Costs can be even higher, and usually are a public expense.
Costs can be favourable compared to in-house costs.
Costs can be high in inner cities.
Costs can be low allowing wide distribution of information.
Costs can be much less or much more.
Costs can be much less than mainframe remediation, but still are real and significant.
Costs can be prohibitive.
Costs can be significant.
Costs can be steep.
Costs can be substantial.
Costs can be the energetic demands of parenting, increased predation risk, etc.
Costs can cover field equipment and supplies and travel to and from research sites.
Costs can depend on existing information systems.
Costs can easily get out of hand.
Costs can easily run into the tens of thousands of dollars to cover even basic procedures.
Costs can easily soar, and the new stadium in north Coventry is no exception.
Costs can escalate.
Costs can exceed a million dollars to create a laboratory, purchase equipment, and hire post-docs.
Costs can go up significantly if something major such as a mast arm or controller box is moved.
Costs can include revenue necessary to meet debt service requirements.
Costs can include the charges of expert witnesses.
Costs can include their speaking fees as well as transportation and hotel.
Costs can increase dramatically for international searching.
Costs can increase if the model is to have any moving parts or lighting installed.
Costs can never include alcoholic beverages.
Costs Can offer numerous rates and fee combinations, as well as offering similar processing fees.
Costs can only go so low.
Costs can quickly soar.
Costs can range from a few hundred dollars to a few thousand.
Costs can range from a small amount to quite a bit for a major remodel.
Costs can range from customs fees to insurance costs to special packaging fees.
Costs can range from inexpensive to very expensive, depending on the image and the service.
Costs can range into the thousands of dollars for large tattoos.
Costs can range into the thousands quite easily with multi-modality therapy.
Costs can reach several thousand dollars.
Costs can run for several hundred to several thousand dollars a month.
Costs can run into tens of dollars for even small articles.
Costs can sometimes add up rather quickly.
Costs can spiral out of control and the box can get stuck in the shop for days.
Costs can vary according to the ability of the pilot.
Costs can vary according to the segments adopted and the level of service provided.
Costs can vary and some brands are more effective than others.
Costs can vary by area, by design, number of floors and fixed fees.
Costs can vary by hundreds or thousands of dollars.
Costs can vary by term and year.
Costs can vary by terms and year.
Costs can vary considerably.
Costs can vary dependant on inclusion or exclusion of luncheons.
Costs can vary depending on the availability of materials or ingenuity of the experimenter.
Costs can vary enormously, depending on the approach to homeschooling.
Costs can vary from no fee to rather sizable fees.
Costs can vary from one sperm bank to another.
Costs can vary greatly depending on the size of the school, where it's located and other factors.
Costs can vary greatly from company to company.
Costs can vary greatly, again depending on the circumstances.
Costs can vary greatly, depending on the size of the dog.
Costs can vary immensely depending on the support in kind available.
Costs can vary significantly.
Costs can vary substantially.
Costs can vary tremendously, even for the same medication.
Costs can vary widely depending on the vehicle involved.
Costs can vary widely for employee benefits legal services.
Costs can vary widely.
Costs can vary, depending on the duration and service required.
Costs can vary.
Costs change according to fluctuations in-country and according to the exchange rate.
Costs change as countries restructure regulations.
Costs change continually and ISPs often have good sign-up deals, so shop around.
Costs change from year to year, and of course they're different even among neighboring countries.
Costs claims under lots skating.
Costs Click Here.
Costs Click the up arrow to return to the top of the page.
Costs climb as workers squander hours casually surfing.
Costs come down and reliability goes up.
Costs come down.
Costs compare even more favorably.
Costs compare favorably with a first class hotel and include gourmet cuisine and open bar.
Costs compare favourably with any country.
Costs confuse outside no plant as start kelty back packs.
Costs connected with casino gambling are high.
Costs Consider structuring a meeting around a meal.
Costs consistently exceed funding.
Costs continue to be burdensome.
Costs continue to come down, and capacities continue to go up.
Costs continue to creep up from the original, admittedly optimistic, budget.
Costs continue to fall.
Costs continue to mount in the form of taxes and repairs, such as required by a recent vandalism.
Costs continue to rise as funding declines.
Costs continue to rise in the team shops and the travel department.
Costs continue to rise, and access remains unduly restricted for some people.
Costs continue to rise, as more waste is moved outside each plant.
Costs continue to rise, while reimbursement for provided services steadily declines.
Costs continue to rise.
Costs continue to soar and government support has dwindled to a trickle.
Costs count for a lot.
Costs cover all services listed above, including email support where required.
Costs cover instruction and computer time for three days and course materials.
Costs cover instruction and computer time for two days, and course materials.
Costs cover lodging, instruction, and some meals.
Costs cover purchase and installation of equipment, training, operations, and upkeep.
Costs cover reproduction expenses.
Costs cover the publication of the reference, shipping and handling.
Costs crash till lots shimano.
Costs cross country skiing.
Costs cutting and keeping the work force happy are two key contributors to maintaining success.
Costs decrease as the number of participants increases.
Costs deny access, both direct and indirect.
Costs depend mainly on the above and how much cover the client is seeking.
Costs depend on countries chosen and languages.
Costs depend on dates and size of a group.
Costs depend on how many are interested.
Costs depend on how the relations are stored, distribution of values and presence of indices.
Costs depend on length and design of the program.
Costs depend on length of course enrolment.
Costs depend on location and numbers.
Costs depend on location, apply separately for rates.
Costs depend on policies of individual journals housed on the site.
Costs depend on project selected.
Costs Depend on selection, number, duration and intensity of courses.
Costs depend on services requested.
Costs depend on speed of delivery usually.
Costs depend on the amount in controversy.
Costs depend on the complexity of the project.
Costs depend on the coverage level and the age of the insured.
Costs depend on the final web site specification.
Costs depend on the latter as well as the numbers of records required.
Costs depend on the level of attention needed, the services provided, and geographic location.
Costs depend on the number of pages, text and graphics supplied by client.
Costs depend on the number of participants.
Costs depend on the size of boat required and numbers.
Costs depend on the square footage of disturbance.
Costs depend on the structure of individual accounts.
Costs depend on time spent online and number of references found.
Costs depend on time spent online and the number of references found.
Costs depend on time, material, and design effort.
Costs depend upon applications.
Costs depend upon features and functions.
Costs depend upon on the length of residency and the components selected by each school.
Costs depend upon parameters being tested.
Costs depend upon type of insurance and state.
Costs depends on how many bands are used, and the money that they charge to perform.
Costs depends on level of sophistication.
Costs Describe the classes of costs which are reviewed in inventory planning.
Costs differ according to the source.
Costs differ according to the the program.
Costs differ according to what therapies are delivered.
Costs differ among schools.
Costs differ around the state based on cost of living and salaries.
Costs differ depending on the cover negotiated.
Costs differ from complex to complex.
Costs do vary, please inquire.
Costs do vary.
Costs drop because there is less transport equipment required.
Costs eat away at earnings and reduce total return.
Costs escalate dramatically as rated throughput increases.
Costs escalate rapidly for adding capacity, such as users or CPU s.
Costs estimates for the systems differ greatly.
Costs estimates, and details of port facilities and operations.
Costs evolve following a random walk process.
Costs exceed income equals loss.
Costs exclude capital costs and debt service.
Costs exclude capital outlay and debt service.
Costs exclude expenditure on genetic modification.
Costs exclude unknown loss of income due to recovery of premium taxes.
Costs far exceed the extra sale income.
Costs fluctuate from model to model .
Costs fluctuate from year to year.
Costs freeze for any beef either pricing telecom.
Costs generally increase on an age-based schedule .
Costs generally tend to be tangible whereas benefits intangible.
Costs generally vary over time.
Costs given are approximate.
Costs given are only estimates.
Costs given below are in Egyptian pounds.
Costs go beyond the mammogram itself.
Costs go beyond tuition and fees.
Costs go down and power goes up.
Costs go down, inventory goes down, productivity improves, and quality goes up.
Costs go down.
Costs go up dramatically when upgrading a large building.
Costs go up every year, too.
Costs go up every year.
Costs go up for sponsors.
Costs go up highway, road transportation costs.
Costs go up, sevices go up, dreams and aspirations go up.
Costs go up.
Costs gradually rise as stone color darkens and veining increases.
Costs grind inside lots plant.
Costs grow exponentially with hull length.
Costs has a run down of housing costs, average rents and property tax rates.
Costs have little meaning unless weighed against corresponding benefits.
Costs have no meaning for suppliers and consumers and therefore there is no push for efficiency.
Costs have nothing to do with value.
Costs have to be discussed in advance.
Costs have to be held to a minimum.
Costs have to be reduced.
Costs have, too.
Costs here are estimated as the same as for woods-cultivated planting stock costs.
Costs here are out of the picture.
Costs here are well below national averages.
Costs here are well below the national average for housing, utilities and transportation.
Costs here depend on the quantity and how many colors and locations.
Costs hundreds less than competing alternatives.
Costs hundreds less than other thermoplastic welders.
Costs imposed by government on each business are probably the largest single expense.
Costs includes all international travel, in-country travel, food and accommodation.
Costs increase and service gets worse.
Costs increase as higher salaries are required.
Costs increase dramatically as the new product idea moves into the development stage.
Costs increase each year depending on the rate of inflation.
Costs increase with age as well as health inflation.
Costs increase with remote-mounted ballasts, special lamp types and voltages, and other options.
Costs increase with traits and rarity.
Costs increase, acrimony perpetuates, and decisions are based upon pieces and parts litigation.
Costs incurred by failure to cancel reservations are only reimbursable if due to a business reason.
Costs incurred by grantees to comply with the regulations are allowable.
Costs incurred by recipients to comply with the regulation are allowable.
Costs involved are high.
Costs involved in getting here and staying at the resorts are very low.
Costs involved in hosting receptions for legislators are also unallowable.
Costs is a mixed item.
Costs is about four dollars for a four-ounce bottle.
Costs is determined by the number of guest in a room.
Costs just pennies a day to operate.
Costs just pennies a gallon to operate.
Costs keep climbing, from movie tickets to bird seed.
Costs keep rising and gold prices are barely adequate.
Costs lag behind prices.
Costs Let's start by considering capital vs. operating costs.
Costs listed above are subject to change without prior notification.
Costs listed above are subject to minimums shown.
Costs listed above include tuition.
Costs listed after each trip are per person and are in addition to the registration fee.
Costs listed after each trip are per person fees and are in addition to the registration fee.
Costs listed are approximate.
Costs listed are for non-members .
Costs listed are for Toronto only.
Costs listed below are estimates for one calendar year.
Costs listed below are on a monthly basis.
Costs listed here are approximate and subject to change.
Costs matter and that message is getting out to ordinary investors.
Costs meet generally accepted accounting principles and practices.
Costs meet the terms of the contract.
Costs mount quickly.
Costs mount up quickly.
Costs multiply as each hour passes.
Costs naturally rise as a document is localized into additional languages and dialects.
Costs O ur pricing plan is quite simple.
Costs obviously play a big part where cash-strapped students are concerned.
Costs offset by payments from participating veterans.
Costs only begin to describe the problem.
Costs only go down, and reliability up, when manufacture is controlled and reduced in variety.
Costs ordinarily follow results of suit .
Costs outweigh benefits of interferon in multiple sclerosis.
Costs overall are pretty comparable to other places around town.
Costs Provide a detailed list of all program costs for students.
Costs provided are estimates based on averages in the United States, as outlined in the assumptions.
Costs quickly climb with the number of obstructions fabricators have to work around.
Costs quotation price changes is also available.
Costs quoted are in Canadian funds.
Costs quoted here are per session.
Costs range from a few hundred dollars up to many thousands.
Costs range from a few thousand dollars to a hundred thousand or more.
Costs range from approx.
Costs range from ca.
Costs range from free to a small fee.
Costs range from free to extremely competitive.
Costs range from free to hundreds and sometimes thousands of dollars.
Costs range from moderate to expensive.
Costs range from no cost to market rate.
Costs range from several dollars to tens of dollars per linear foot.
Costs range widely, from several hundred to several thousand dollars.
Costs range widely.
Costs refer to estimated amounts committed for transport as well as actuals.
Costs reflect actual expenses, consultant fees, and report preparation.
Costs reflect average estimated costs.
Costs reflect incurred production and postage charges.
Costs reflect quoted purchase prices, without shipping.
Costs relate to group size and topics to be covered.
Costs relate to harvesting and transporting logs to the closest mill.
Costs related to reusable incontinence products include original cost and cost of laundering.
Costs remain affordable.
Costs remain low for goat herd maintenance.
Costs reported by local agencies are often the contractual prices contained in transfer agreements.
Costs represent a percentage of tax savings.
Costs represent a problem, L ibya is more expensive than many European countries.
Costs represent air fare, room and board, and up to six hours of transfer credit.
Costs represent averages within regions of widely disparate coal types.
Costs represent payments into account balances in both the firms and consumer sectors.
Costs result from the mental effort required by inferences.
Costs result from the signaling messages and are assumed to be in bytes per hour.
Costs rise accordingly.
Costs rise and investment falls as companies find themselves in a profit squeeze.
Costs rise as the country develops, making the center non-competitive for support functions.
Costs rise with income.
Costs rise with the kind of media used.
Costs rise with the number of employees using the software.
Costs rocketing as destructive logging degrades community water supplies, report says .
Costs run into thousands of dollars per transaction.
Costs See below for details of our costings.
Costs seem over several cross country skiing.
Costs seem pricey when compared with other sites.
Costs seem too high, especially fence.
Costs Select cutting can minimize long-term forest benefits.
Costs sharing on new data creation is another good alternative.
Costs shift to staff.
Costs shown are for estimating purposes only.
Costs shown are for examinations ONLY, unless stipulated.
Costs shown are for installing software for three PCs.
Costs shown are per delegate inclusive of refreshments, lunches and seminar materials.
Costs shown are per insertion and in Australian Dollars.
Costs shown are per person which includes all dinners, breakfasts, accommodation, and guides.
Costs shown are per person.
Costs shown for vocational and enrichment courses are for Florida residents.
Costs shown in brackets are for club members.
Costs skyrocket as development efforts linger past planned delivery dates.
Costs skyrocket every year.
Costs soar astronomically when it is time to replace an original slate or cedar roof.
Costs start in the high five- figures.
Costs start in the low six-figures.
Costs start in the mid five-figure range.
Costs steadily rise on other fronts too.
Costs still remain for ROM, tray artwork inserts, and box designs.
Costs stop around one farmer nor recognize vw beetle convertible.
Costs stop around one farmer nor recognize vw beetle tdi.
Costs take fun out movie theater experience .
Costs take the form of professional training classes for certifications, advertising and marketing.
Costs taste above all bull durham soundtrack.
Costs tend to be high in terms of staffing.
Costs tend to be higher in cities and lower in rural areas.
Costs tend to be lower in rural communities than traffic-congested cities.
Costs tend to be underestimated.
Costs tend to decrease as the number of treatment and disposal sites decrease.
Costs tend to vary by region and during peak demand times, making estimates difficult.
Costs tend to vary greatly according to location, size and facilities offered.
Costs There are almost no expenses in a tutoring business.
Costs there range upward of four cents per kilowatt-hour.
Costs too have to be looked at.
Costs twist across lots telecom.
Costs typically increase year by year.
Costs typically run as much, or more, than the attorney's fees.
Costs varies, depending on how much graphics and space it is required to create the webpage.
Costs vary .
Costs vary a lot depending on the complexity of the animation.
Costs vary a lot from one place to another.
Costs vary according to a district's needs.
Costs vary according to activity.
Costs vary according to breeding, labor, training, veterinary support, usage, and demand.
Costs vary according to complexity and requirements.
Costs vary according to condition of manuscript.
Costs vary according to delivery address, speed of delivery and weight of book.
Costs vary according to duration and type of sailing.
Costs vary according to event.
Costs vary according to individual program.
Costs vary according to length of document, formats, and number of copies duplicated.
Costs vary according to location, size, and features offered.
Costs vary according to location.
Costs vary according to number of members to be tracked.
Costs vary according to occupation.
Costs vary according to plan.
Costs vary according to product design and performance features.
Costs vary according to program.
Costs vary according to residence halls and meal plans.
Costs vary according to residence halls.
Costs vary according to sample type and analysis specifications.
Costs vary according to service.
Costs vary according to size and image choice.
Costs vary according to size and materials used.
Costs vary according to size, quality, and closeness to campus.
Costs vary according to size.
Costs vary according to specific mailing quantity and weight.
Costs vary according to standard, but are generally quite high compared to other Caribbean islands.
Costs vary according to the accommodations selected and are borne by the student.
Costs vary according to the business or agency called, but can be very expensive.
Costs vary according to the child's needs.
Costs vary according to the complexity of the project.
Costs vary according to the condition of the machine.
Costs vary according to the destination and length of each seminar.
Costs vary according to the host selected.
Costs vary according to the length of the retreat.
Costs vary according to the length of the workshop, location and additional amenities.
Costs vary according to the nature of the work requested.
Costs vary according to the number of residents.
Costs vary according to the originality of the piece.
Costs vary according to the package, the number of functions and the number and type of users.
Costs vary according to the processor used.
Costs vary according to the program length, the goals of the group, and the number of participants.
Costs vary according to the program.
Costs vary according to the service provided as well as the level of care.
Costs vary according to the specialty.
Costs vary according to the student's program of study and the availability of used books.
Costs vary according to the style of accommodation sought.
Costs vary according to the type and length of the trip.
Costs vary according to the type of edit service requested as well as essay length.
Costs vary according to usage, and each service offers a variety of plans.
Costs vary according to where students live and their personal spending habits.
Costs vary accordingly.
Costs vary among facilities.
Costs vary among the campuses due to differences in fees and living expenses.
Costs vary and are payable in Spain.
Costs vary and are usually approx.
Costs vary and are usually negotiated between caregiver and the child's family.
Costs vary and delivery options include mail, fax, rush, or e-mail.
Costs vary and reservations are required.
Costs vary and to find out more contact the secretary.
Costs vary as accommodations also vary.
Costs vary as each transplantation is unique.
Costs vary based on exchange rates.
Costs vary based on how many of the books the students purchase during their undergraduate studies.
Costs vary based on length of presentation and distance traveled.
Costs vary based on required features, terrain, and distance.
Costs vary based on size, placement, and number of colors.
Costs vary based on the complexity of the site desired.
Costs vary based on the health insurance plan selected.
Costs vary based on the length of the workshop and the number of participants.
Costs vary based on the size of the school and the number of students.
Costs vary based on type of business, age of employees, co-payments, extent of coverage.
Costs vary based on when, how often and how long our services are required.
Costs vary because of location, economy, size of chapter, and several other factors.
Costs vary because of weight and the cost of insurance.
Costs vary between properties.
Costs vary between regions, soil types and digester types.
Costs vary but are generally affordable.
Costs vary but are generally quite inexpensive.
Costs vary but are generally very low.
Costs vary but are reasonable.
Costs vary but charged by cubic metres.
Costs vary by activity.
Costs vary by area.
Costs vary by class.
Costs vary by company.
Costs vary by county.
Costs vary by database and number and format of results received.
Costs vary by distance and type of transportation used.
Costs vary by event and are per person, including gratuity.
Costs vary by garage and amount of time parked.
Costs vary by lender.
Costs vary by location.
Costs vary by product and cemetery.
Costs vary by program depending on sponsoring institutions, what is included and length of program.
Costs vary by program, but all program fees are nominal and supplemented by the community at large.
Costs vary by program.
Costs vary by project complexity and length.
Costs vary by record type.
Costs vary by region and degree of services provided.
Costs vary by report.
Costs vary by site, and usually included with our project bid.
Costs vary by site.
Costs vary by size and quality.
Costs vary by state, but all rates are competitive.
Costs vary by state.
Costs vary by the type and quantity of testing requested.
Costs vary by wetland type and are difficult to find.
Costs vary considerably between retailers.
Costs vary considerably depending on the program or course.
Costs vary considerably depending on the type, quality and location of accommodation sought.
Costs vary considerably depending upon the complexity of the project and material.
Costs vary considerably with desired level of service and group size.
Costs vary considerably, and comparisons are in order.
Costs vary considerably, depending on the amount of new materials purchased.
Costs vary dependent upon the database.
Costs vary depending on a client's needs.
Costs vary depending on activity, and space is limited.
Costs vary depending on additional sponsors, facilities, and other local factors.
Costs vary depending on arrangements and cost-cutting options.
Costs vary depending on arrangements.
Costs vary depending on category selected and city of departure.
Costs vary depending on chosen activities, menu, lodging and duration.
Costs vary depending on content, length, and materials used.
Costs vary depending on delivery and quantity.
Costs vary depending on electives, book costs, prerequisites, and other variables.
Costs vary depending on included accessories and copier speed.
Costs vary depending on individual insurance coverage.
Costs vary depending on insurance, co-pay, or sliding fees.
Costs vary depending on items selected from the menu.
Costs vary depending on level of participation.
Costs vary depending on locale and practitioners training and experience.
Costs vary depending on location and length of stay.
Costs vary depending on location, size, number of portals, and number of trap nights.
Costs vary depending on location.
Costs vary depending on number of users and titles.
Costs vary depending on request.
Costs vary depending on room and meal plan.
Costs vary depending on season and duration of trip.
Costs vary depending on selected moulding, glazing material and matting.
Costs vary depending on size and function.
Costs vary depending on size and length of class.
Costs vary depending on size of team and duration of stay.
Costs vary depending on specific courses taken.
Costs vary depending on the actual cost of velvet and linings.
Costs vary depending on the amount and kinds of services offered.
Costs vary depending on the amount of data processed.
Costs vary depending on the condition of the house and facilities provided.
Costs vary depending on the course.
Costs vary depending on the database searched.
Costs vary depending on the distribution of the flyer.
Costs vary depending on the files accessed.
Costs vary depending on the housing chosen.
Costs vary depending on the institution offering it.
Costs vary depending on the length and nature of activities.
Costs vary depending on the length and weight of campaign.
Costs vary depending on the length of the program.
Costs vary depending on the loan and programmatic requests submitted by the affiliate.
Costs vary depending on the location.
Costs vary depending on the nature and complexity of the surgery.
Costs vary depending on the nature of the product.
Costs vary depending on the number of copies requested, but the first five printed copies are free.
Costs vary depending on the number of employees and the complexity of the process.
Costs vary depending on the number of photos, amount of typesetting, etc.
Costs vary depending on the permitting authority.
Costs vary depending on the port of entry.
Costs vary depending on the procedures involved.
Costs vary depending on the program.
Costs vary depending on the reservist s status and enrollment options.
Costs vary depending on the season so ring first.
Costs vary depending on the situation, number of staff and the coaching requirement.
Costs vary depending on the size and quality of accommodation and whether it is furnished.
Costs vary depending on the size of the filter.
Costs vary depending on the size of the group trained.
Costs vary depending on the size of the programme.
Costs vary depending on the size of the touring group.
Costs vary depending on the source of the item.
Costs vary depending on the stone used.
Costs vary depending on the style of training, equipment used and location.
Costs vary depending on the summer camp programs chosen.
Costs vary depending on the time requested and the type of program designed.
Costs vary depending on the topic.
Costs vary depending on the type and scope of work to be done.
Costs vary depending on the type of company, but all categories are annual memberships.
Costs vary depending on the type of domain name required.
Costs vary depending on the type of facilities management services required.
Costs vary depending on the type of housing.
Costs vary depending on the type of instrument and extent of damage.
Costs vary depending on the type of service and hourly usage.
Costs vary depending on the type of service.
Costs vary depending on the type of treatment.
Costs vary depending on the type, size and location of the advertisement.
Costs vary depending on timing, required support, and the scope of the project.
Costs vary depending on travel, audio-visual expense, and other factors.
Costs vary depending on unit chosen.
Costs vary depending on videotape format and duration of material copied.
Costs vary depending on volume commitments.
Costs vary depending upon a program's location and special requirements.
Costs vary depending upon program requested, group size and group needs.
Costs vary depending upon questionnaire length, number of revisions, and reporting needs.
Costs vary depending upon the accommodation.
Costs vary depending upon the career planning model used.
Costs vary depending upon the country selected.
Costs vary depending upon the facility, qualification of instructors and amount of care required.
Costs vary depending upon the graduate pro gram.
Costs vary depending upon the program and the airfare costs.
Costs vary depending upon the program.
Costs vary depending upon the size of group and the length of program.
Costs vary depending upon the size of the group and the length of the program.
Costs vary depending upon the type of program or service requested.
Costs vary due to the materials utilized and the amount of reconstruction required.
Costs vary due to ticket prices, events and demand.
Costs vary each year depending on the course and the current price of materials.
Costs vary enormously and depend mostly on the complexity and length of the text.
Costs vary enormously depending on the course, some are free.
Costs vary for continuing education courses.
Costs vary for delivery by fax or surface mail.
Costs vary for different activities during the festival.
Costs vary for different review levels.
Costs vary for each student depending on personal choices.
Costs vary for full, audit, or workshop credit.
Costs vary for microfiche reproductions.
Costs vary for off-campus, virtual college courses.
Costs vary for other types of accommodations.
Costs vary for our various services and types of training.
Costs vary for students enrolled in science curricula.
Costs vary for Tech groups and non-affiliated groups.
Costs vary from business to business.
Costs vary from country to country, and semester to semester.
Costs vary from country to country.
Costs vary from course to course, but are always reasonable.
Costs vary from doctor to doctor and in different parts of the country.
Costs vary from field to field and by degree of paraffin and corrosion.
Costs vary from free to thousands of dollars.
Costs vary from lab to lab and depend upon the size and condition of the sample to be tested.
Costs vary from location to location, depending upon the distance from Fort Hood, Texas.
Costs vary from month to month depending on plan utilization.
Costs vary from place to place and from firm to firm.
Costs vary from place to place.
Costs vary from plan to plan.
Costs vary from production to production.
Costs vary from program to program and country to country.
Costs vary from program to program with most costing little more than comparable time on campus.
Costs vary from program to program.
Costs vary from race to race.
Costs vary from region to region throughout the United States and Canada.
Costs vary from retreat to retreat and are listed on each site's information page listed above.
Costs vary from service to service and are based on a person's ability to pay.
Costs vary from site to site.
Costs vary from state to state.
Costs vary from student to student according to their capability and motivation.
Costs vary from system to system, due to the price of xtals required for the change.
Costs vary from theater to theater depending on factors like theater size and existing equipment.
Costs vary from university to university as well as over time.
Costs vary from year to year depending on the destination.
Costs vary greatly across the four councils and from chapter to chapter.
Costs vary greatly depending on destination, time of year, and many other factors.
Costs vary greatly depending on the caliber of the recording studio .
Costs vary greatly from university to university.
Costs vary greatly, depending on the country visited.
Costs vary greatly, so it depends mostly on the destination.
Costs vary greatly.
Costs vary here also depending on the length and nature of the study tour.
Costs vary in different cities and in different parts of the United States.
Costs vary in each parking facility.
Costs vary in the extreme depending on scale and approach.
Costs vary on requirements.
Costs vary on testing.
Costs vary on the size and complexity of the material.
Costs vary on the type of device.
Costs vary on which components an individual takes.
Costs vary per course offering.
Costs vary per document.
Costs vary per family.
Costs vary per group.
Costs vary per mission.
Costs vary per network according to programme and accommodation.
Costs vary per program.
Costs vary per pupil, depending on the number and extent to which the assessments are used.
Costs vary per test.
Costs vary quite a bit.
Costs vary radically, but tend toward the high thousands.
Costs vary significantly depending on location and attributes.
Costs vary significantly from funeral home to funeral home.
Costs vary significantly.
Costs vary slightly by state.
Costs vary slightly for letters and postcards depending on the destination.
Costs vary somewhat from region to region and according to the type of services that are used.
Costs vary somewhat from student to student.
Costs vary to rent houseboats for less than a week.
Costs vary tremendously.
Costs vary upon requirements.
Costs vary widely according to the program location and structure.
Costs vary widely according to the surgeon and the procedures being performed.
Costs vary widely around the country.
Costs vary widely depending on magnification.
Costs vary widely depending on the difficulty of finding and extracting the reserves.
Costs vary widely depending on the phone company involved.
Costs vary widely depending on the program and the region of the country.
Costs vary widely depending on the specific tests taken.
Costs vary widely due to type of structure, climate and other factors.
Costs vary widely for archery equipment.
Costs vary widely from agency to agency and depend on the project.
Costs vary widely in the United States.
Costs vary widely, for very different packages.
Costs vary widely.
Costs vary with camp.
Costs vary with climate, use, and local electrical rates.
Costs vary with each clinical program.
Costs vary with every builder and by geographic location.
Costs vary with extent, intensity, and location of services.
Costs vary with individual chapters.
Costs vary with individual programs.
Costs vary with length of program and distance traveled.
Costs vary with number of classes and weeks selected.
Costs vary with page popularity.
Costs vary with the complexity and length of the program.
Costs vary with the databases chosen.
Costs vary with the design of each partnership.
Costs vary with the level of assistance.
Costs vary with the number of residents and mode of transportation.
Costs vary with the residence, room size and the types of services needed by the residents.
Costs vary with the residence, room size and types of services required by residents.
Costs vary with the residence, room size, and service required by residents.
Costs vary with the residence, room size, and services required by the resident.
Costs vary with the residence, room size, and the types of services needed by the residents.
Costs vary with the type of repair.
Costs vary with the type of trip and location.
Costs vary year by year.
Costs vary, but always provide a value at half price or reduced price for members.
Costs vary, but an attempt is made to keep fees low to ensure maximum participation.
Costs vary, but are generally much lower than arbitration and far lower than litigation.
Costs vary, but be prepared for most of it.
Costs vary, but generally eating-out is affordable and much cheaper than in the Western Countries.
Costs vary, but so does the quality.
Costs vary, but tend to be expensive.
Costs vary, depending on a variety of factors including tonnage and model year.
Costs vary, depending on length of stay and study plan.
Costs vary, depending on marital status and the number of children.
Costs vary, depending on membership and budget structures.
Costs vary, depending on paper type, etc.
Costs vary, depending on the age or grade and on the particular school.
Costs vary, depending on the individual provider's fees and the extent and scope of the evaluation.
Costs vary, depending on the speakers requested and the nature of the engagement.
Costs vary, depending on the type of annuity and on the age of the person making the purchase.
Costs vary, depending on the type of coverage each plan offers.
Costs vary, depending on type of program, but sliding scales are often offered.
Costs vary, depending on where it's done.
Costs vary, of course.
Costs vary, with areas closer to urban markets commanding higher prices.
Costs wash each other.
Cost always becomes a consideration with new technology.
Cost often is the first reason cited for industry reluctance to use irradiation.
Cost often prohibits the installation of solid fencing in all cattle sorting and working areas.
Costs often are difficult to estimate in budget preparation because they are numerous and variable.
Costs often involve no more than the paper, desktop printing and employee time.
Costs often vary greatlty for high school events.
Costs sometimes run over a million dollars per patient.
Cost usually dictates that they use as small a ferrite rod or bar as possible.
Cost usually involves registration fee plus the cost of the phone call.
Costs usually increase as the drought progresses.
All cost are in Canadian dollars.
All cost are subject to change without prior notice.
All cost are to be paid in advance, in U.S. currency.
All cost associated with the evaluation are the responsibility of the applicant.
All cost incurred by towing are the responsibility of the individual.
All cost is paid by employee, and payroll deduction is provided by the college.
All costs anticipated are in the billiopns of dollars .
All costs are actual incurred.
All costs are an estimate, summer term costs are available upon request.
All costs are an estimate.
All costs are annual recurring.
All costs are annual.
All costs are applicable to the total project costs.
All costs are approximate and a quote is recommended.
All costs are approximate and depend upon the specific program entered and travel distances.
All costs are approximate.
All costs are as shown in Australian Dollars.
All costs are at casual rate levels - contract rates apply for volume purchase.
All costs are at the importer's expense.
All costs are beyond reach, including production and consumer spending.
All costs are current catalog prices or current local prices to the best of our knowledge.
All costs are eligible if district creates a new route and only that student is provided service.
All costs are estimates and based upon the complexity of the project.
All costs are for a single entry per category.
All costs are for a year, unless stated otherwise.
All costs are for mountings only.
All costs are for one semester, unless otherwise noted.
All costs are for one year and are based upon Canadian currency.
All costs are for one year and are based upon U.S. currency.
All costs are for the U.S. in billions of dollars.
All costs are from the state instructional materials fund.
All costs are gladly advanced.
All costs are in Australian dollars.
All costs are in Canadian currency.
All costs are in Canadian dollars.
All costs are in Canadian funds.
All costs are in pounds sterling.
All costs are in the first year.
All costs are in U.S. currency.
All costs are in U.S. dollars and are approximations, subject to change without notice.
All costs are in U.S. dollars.
All costs are in U.S. funds only.
All costs are incurred at the candidate's own expense, i.e. there is no reimbursement.
All costs are minimum estimates, subject to change without notice.
All costs are negotiable.
All costs are NET rates.
All costs are only estimates and are subject to change.
All costs are opportunity costs and are therefore subjective.
All costs are opportunity costs.
All costs are part of the brokering agreement.
All costs are payable in U.S. currency only.
All costs are per day with a minimum stay of two days.
All costs are per month unless otherwise noted.
All costs are per person and based on double occupancy.
All costs are per person, per month.
All costs are per person, plus additional tax.
All costs are per person.
All costs are per semester .
All costs are per year inclusive.
All costs are positive numbers.
All costs are prepaid - no receipts, no added cost nor customer billing.
All costs are recouped by a mark-up placed on the cost of goods sold.
All costs are rounded down.
All costs are strictly usage based at competitive rates.
All costs are subject to absolute customer satisfaction.
All costs are subject to approval.
All costs are subject to change before the school year begins.
All costs are subject to change on the basis of availability.
All costs are subject to change upon notification of vendors.
All costs are subject to change without notice.
All costs are subject to change without prior notice or obligation.
All costs are subject to change without prior notice.
All costs are subject to change.
All costs are subject to slight change, depending on the currency rates and other factors.
All costs are tax deductible.
All costs are tax-deductible for U.S. taxpayers.
All costs are the obligation of the local school.
All costs are the responsibility of the client.
All costs are the responsibility of the provider.
All costs are the responsibility of the student.
All costs are to be borne by appellants.
All costs are to be included in the cost sheets.
All costs are upfront.
All costs are variable in the long run.
All costs associated in private domain names are the responsibility of the client.
All costs associated with an application are the responsibility of the applicant.
All costs associated with college enrollment are the sole responsibility of the student.
All costs associated with compliance with final orders are the obligation of the physician.
All costs associated with outside providers are the financial responsibility of the student.
All costs associated with the background check are the responsibility of the applicant.
All costs associated with the criminal history check are the responsibility of the applicant.
All costs associated with the international experience are the responsibility of the student.
All costs associated with the program are the responsibility of the provincial government.
All costs associated with travel are in addition to the usual per term tuition costs.
All costs below are per credit hour.
All costs connected with survey and certification of vessel are for owner's account.
All costs depend on the firm's planning horizon.
All costs exclude tutors' travel and subsistance.
All costs given are per placement.
All costs go into the business.
All costs have been secured, so the retreat is without cost to all participants.
All costs have to be paid for by the department or the researchers.
All costs have to be paid for by the department or the scientists.
All costs incurred by the court in recovering the vehicle are recoverable from the owner.
All costs involved in the collection of outstanding debts are for the account of the client.
All costs listed above are subject to change without notice.
All costs listed above are subject to change.
All costs listed apply to milk only.
All costs listed are approximations.
All costs listed are per-person fees.
All costs listed below are for two semesters .
All costs listed here are ballpark figures intended only to provide approximate cost.
All costs made in the year concerned are deductible.
All costs quoted are approximate only.
All costs quoted are in Australian Dollars.
All costs reflect actual charges.
All costs related to any condition are the responsibility of the applicant.
All costs related to commencement and convocation are unallowable.
All costs related to study are free to patients.
All costs related to such services are the responsibility of the department.
All costs related to telephone service are the responsibility of the apartment residents.
All costs related to the preparation of support documents are the responsibility of the applicant.
All costs remain the same.
All costs shown above are subject to change without prior notice.
All costs shown are approximate.
All costs shown are costs to the government only.
All costs shown are in Australian Dollars.
Any cost appears pricey if one loses sight of what is being purchased.
Any cost associated with previewing videos is charged to a departmental account.
Any cost associated with production of the manuscript is the responsibility of the student.
Any cost incurred by the student in obtaining a doctor's note is the responsibility of the student.
Any cost incurred in the competition to obtain or maintain a monopoly is a cost of rent seeking.
Any cost incurred is the reponsibility of the sponsor.
Any cost incurred is the responsibility of the sponsor.
Any cost is assessed against appellant.
Any cost is borne by the employer.
Any cost is indicated in the description of each publication.
Any cost is the responsibility of the student.
Any cost is to be covered by the group's budget.
Any cost related to such housing is the student s responsibility.
Any costs arising out of resolution of such problems are to the account of the pet owner.
Any costs associated with the use of community resources are the responsibility of the student.
Any costs associated with traveler-proposed changes are the responsibility of the traveler.
Any costs connected with the purchase of the property are deductible from the profit.
Any costs exceeding the allowance are the patient s responsibility.
Any costs exceeding the allowance are the patient's responsibility.
Any costs incurred by the offeror in anticipation of an award are at the offeror's risk.
Any costs incurred in excess of the amount indicated is the responsibility of the employee.
Any costs involved are for promotion.
Any costs involved are to be paid for out of the budget of the department shipping the package.
Any costs related to engineers and valuation reports are to be paid by the prospective buyer.
Any costs related to proctoring are to be born by the student.
Any costs related to the initial acquisition of a building are unallowable.
Any costs related to the initial acquisition of the building are unallowable.
Every cost is mentioned on the order form.
Every cost is variable.
Many costs are beyond the control of the industry.
Many costs are outside airlines' control, such as fuel, interest rates and user charges.
Many costs associated with cleaning up contaminated sites are subject to uncontrollable variables.
Many costs associated with looking for a job are tax-deductible.
Many costs occur more or less independently of how often people eat.
More costs have to be made then in order to be eligible for supplementary benefit.
Most cost affects production.
Most cost affects short run production.
Most cost depends on cost.
Most cost depends on factors.
Most cost depends on several factors.
Most cost includes benefits.
Most cost just pennies a day.
Most cost provides insight.
Most cost provides new insight.
Most cost reflects conditions.
Most cost reflects difficult conditions.
Most cost reflects more difficult conditions.
Most cost reflects values.
Most cost relates to occupant productivity.
Most cost relates to productivity.
Most costs are therefore direct costs.
Most costs occur at trial level.
Some cost depends on states.
Some cost includes labor.
Some cost includes preparation.
Some cost includes site preparation.
Some cost includes transportation.
Some cost involves issues.
Some cost is inevitable to create peace and to establish joint prosperity in the Korean Peninsula.
Some cost is involved here.
Some cost limits growth.
Some cost outweighs potential benefits.
Some cost relates to construction.
Some cost relates to cost.
Some cost relates to detection.
Some cost relates to examinations.
Some cost relates to new construction.
Some cost relates to pain.
Some cost relates to such examinations.
Some costs appear legitimately to be the responsibility of current customers.
Some costs are beyond show management's control, of course.
Some costs are easy to separate, such as drench for livestock or insecticides for crops.
Some costs are easy, such as the cost of purchasing paper.
Some costs are even less obvious.
Some costs are higher at new location, but rooms are about the same.
Some costs are less flexible than others.
Some costs are one-time, others come every month.
Some costs are prohibitive.
Some costs are standard for just about any new business, while others are specific to that business.
Some costs are substantially less than in an American city, while others are as high or higher.
Some costs associated with issuing bonds are approximately the same regardless of size.
Some costs concerned with the buying or selling often make people re-think their options.
Some costs increase with a large deductible policy.
Some costs involved but the amount is difficult to determine without knowing the new capping level.
Some costs obviously are unchanged, but others are radically reduced.
Some costs occur infrequently, like the cost of learning a new language or a new technology.
Costa Mesa has indoor tables.
Costa Mesa has more accessible park land than any other city in Orange County.
Costa Mesa is a great place to live.
Costa Mesa is full of slums and slum problems.
Costa Mesa is in Southern California.
Costa Mesa is just a short drive from some of Southern California's finest beaches.
Costa Mesa is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Costa Mesa is situated along Southern California's spectacular coastline, in Orange County.
Costa Mesa is special because it has great diversity.
Costa Mesa is the place to shop in California.
Costa Mesa offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Costa Mesa offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Costa Mesa places a high priority on trees and has a very proactive tree-planting program.
A costa is a bone
Costa isa body part.
Costae have (part) corpi.
Costas also deals with non-money issues.
Costas are structures.
Costas argues for more comprehensive revenue sharing.
Costas has money.
Costas is happy, for one thing.
Costas takes the spin-ahead approach.
A costal cartilage is a structure
Costal cartilages are flexible.
A costal groove is a body part
Costal grooves extend to midline of back.
Many costal homes use cedar or redwood because it is weather-tight and can resist gail force winds.
Costal pleura is enclosed dorsally by the developing ribs.
Costal scutes are present in all turtles.
Coste is in picture.
A costia is a protozoan
Costia can exist focally, in small patches that can be missed unless they are deliberately scraped.
Costia is another variation of a protozoan disease.
Costings is cost accounting.
Costly boosters limit the funding available to build satellites.
Costly breakdowns are typically the result of long-term neglect.
Costly cigarettes bring in enough profit to win favor even among organized crime circuits.
Costly decisions require justification.
Costly downtime is minimized and maintenance personnel are able to save substantial time.
Costly downtime is reduced while providing users with faster, more reliable environments.
Costly errors can result if the wrong pesticide is chosen by mistake.
Costly extras can include laundry, room delivery of meals and incontinence supplies.
Costly grace is the treasure hidden in the field . . .
Costly living is fruitful living.
Costly repairs become a thing of the past, and the chance for animal injuries is reduced.
Costly repairs become a thing of the PAST, and the chance of animal injuries is greatly reduced.
Costly signals are signals that are costly to maintain or display.
Costly specialists are an endangered species.
Costly systems are at risk.
Costochondritis pain is usually sharp and localized, and can be of prolonged duration.
A costochondritis is a symptom
Costochondritis causes mild to severe pain in the lower rib area or upper breastbone.
Costovertabral tenderness is present and usually elicited by tapping the patient's flanks.
Costs Prices depend on the type of equipment and the application for which it is designed.
Costs Prices vary according to the country and length of stay.
Costume construction includes basic hand and machine sewing techniques.
Costume construction varies depending on the production being done.
Costume contests abound.
Costume design sketches.
A costume designer is a designer
Costume designers are important people.
Costume designers bring a lot of character to the program.
Costume designers decide what people wear, and seamstresses make the costumes.
Costume designers have a reputation for scrounging, it sort of goes with the territory.
Costume designers try out possibilities on the computer screen before they sew a stitch.
Most costume designers have a bachelor's degree.
Some costume frames are on wheels because they weigh hundreds of pounds.
Costume jewelry can last for many years with the correct care.
Most costume jewelry is made up of a nickel alloy.
Costume parties are also fun.
Costume parties are cool and quite popular around here.
Some costume shops offer internships.
A costume is a dress
Costume contests for all ages.
Costume contests for individuals and groups.
Costume contests with prizes for the individuals and groups.
Costume contests with prizes.
Costume designs by more than twenty designers.
Costume designs for characters in Voltaire s plays.
Costume designs for revue, vaudeville, and follies.
Costume isa clothes.
Costume isa clothing.
Costume resources online.
Costumes abound, including the ever-popular birthday suit.
Costumes add that extra kick to book reports and other class demonstrations.
Costumes are a fun part of the plays for children.
Costumes are a hoot.
Costumes are a sight to see, too.
Costumes are also an integral part of the productions.
Costumes are always one of the highlights of our shows.
Costumes are always the most intricate part of the occasion.
Costumes are an aspect of that play.
Costumes are an important part of the enactment.
Costumes are as important as the performance itself.
Costumes are at the discretion of the guests.
Costumes are attire.
Costumes are authentic, and the original music is engaging.
Costumes are available for men, women and children.
Costumes are basic.
Costumes are colorful, authentic, and traditional.
Costumes are contemporary, but somewhat timeless.
Costumes are custom made for all skaters in each group.
Costumes are de rigueur .
Costumes are detailed and lavish and the set richly evocative of decay.
Costumes are diverse and new innovations occur each year in the hopes of victory.
Costumes are either copies of authentic history costumes or exclusive proprietary design.
Costumes are elaborate.
Costumes are entertaining of themselves.
Costumes are extravagant in style in order to achieve as great a theatrical effect as possible.
Costumes are fine.
Costumes are for clowns.
Costumes are for every day.
Costumes are fun to wear but some are embarassing because they're funny-looking.
Costumes are great fun to see.
Costumes are hand-made using new and antique materials.
Costumes are highly encouraged.
Costumes are lavish and production values are always high.
Costumes are lavish.
Costumes are located in operas.
Costumes are located in theaters.
Costumes are located in theatres.
Costumes are minimal - just a hat or scarf or something to identify the character.
Costumes are more expensive, but also more elaborate.
Costumes are now available for groups to hire.
Costumes are nto true to history, but the material is otherwise accurate and entertaining.
Costumes are of brightly colored silk woven with gold thread.
Costumes are okay, but the churches request children refrain from evil-oriented outfits.
Costumes are one.
Costumes are only part of the fun.
Costumes are optional and masks required.
Costumes are optional for adults.
Costumes are optional, but are more fun.
Costumes are optional, prizes for best costume.
Costumes are optional.
Costumes are quite elaborate with some even including colored contact lenses and fingernails.
Costumes are short enough to prevent tripping, entanglement or contact with flame.
Costumes are shorter, arm movements are added, and music is constantly changing.
Costumes are smart, sets opulent.
Costumes are strongly encouraged and are required for entry in the drawings.
Costumes are subject to availability and receipt of payment.
Costumes are subject to availability.
Costumes are the eyegates to our souls.
Costumes are the eyegates to their souls.
Costumes are to be in a good-natured theme.
Costumes are totally in keeping with character and as nuanced as the sets.
Costumes are uncredited.
Costumes are uniformly red and black, with little variation or attempt to create character.
Costumes are usually colourful with sequins.
Costumes are usually very simple and can be found at local second-hand stores.
Costumes are welcome at any time, as they always have been.
Costumes are welcome but please remember to dress for the weather.
Costumes are welcome.
Costumes are wild, vivid splashes of color, each person symbolic of an emotion or trait or desire.
Costumes are wonderfully whimsical and the set is serviceable and efficient.
Costumes can be as costly and time-consuming to produce as scenery.
Costumes can be as important as the sets and the actors.
Costumes can be either a forest creature, such as a mouse, bird, fox, raccoon, etc.
Costumes can be fun for the children, but also combine a number of safety features as well.
Costumes can be outrageous or discreet.
Costumes can be sexy.
Costumes can be very symbolic.
Costumes can enhance the skit, but sometimes the simpler the better.
Costumes can usually be simple.
Costumes change often, sometimes from scene to scene.
Costumes communicate victories and triumphs made quaint.
Costumes define changing borders and boundaries of culture.
Costumes depend upon certain cultural knowledges and body techniques to be worn properly.
Costumes designed for use in cold climates have poly carbonate eye moldings.
Costumes differ, too.
Costumes emphasize the difference between the limousine class and the rags of the working people.
Costumes evoke military and civilian fashions of the time.
Costumes First let's talk about costumes.
Costumes fit over street clothes.
Costumes give people the chance to be someone else for a night.
Costumes have (part) sections.
Costumes have to be built.
Costumes have to be selected.
Costumes have to be sewn.
Costumes help focus children on their part in the play.
Costumes help set the mood.
Costumes jostle for attention with video art and photography.
Costumes make it more fun.
Costumes range from pre-history to far future.
Costumes related to any aspect of myth and fantasy are eligible.
Costumes ship out same or next day.
Costumes stay on, yet are easy to remove when trick or treating is over.
Costumes Take a closer look.
Costumes typically have a memorable flair.
Costumes unlock in the order listed, regardless of the difficulty and mode played.
Costumes Unlock the other costumes by performing all of the various colored tricks.
Costumes wait to be sorted, mended and hung in the closet until next year.
Costumes wear out.
Costumes always add extra fun to a convention.
Costumes often make dramatic statements.
All costumes are available in a variety of children's sizes.
All costumes are brand new right from the manufacturer.
All costumes are for sale.
All costumes are handmade from handwoven cloth.
All costumes are historically conform.
All costumes are illustrated, some with photos, and no sewing is necessary.
All costumes are in limited quantities and colours.
All costumes are interchangeable.
All costumes are steamed and prepped before going out.
Every costume is authentic and represents the state in Mexico where the dance orginated.
Every costume is different.
Every costume is inventive and interesting, and the settings look amazingly authentic.
Every costume is made with the same care and research as the first.
Many costumes are extremely flammable.
Many costumes are one of a kind, original designs.
Most costumes come pre-made in a variety of sizes.
Some costumes are in exceedingly bad taste.
Some costumes are one of a kind,and are always very detailed, and exclusive of decoration.
Some costumes are special to particular countries or areas.
Some costumes consist of jackets.
Some costumes consist of silk jackets.
Some costumes look as though they have been borrowed from an amateur production.
Some costumes now come with masks that sit on top of the head, that the child nods down to expose.
Costumed characters are o n hand during Bible school to breathe life into the centers.
Costumed characters narrate along the way.
Costumed kids ride the short shuttle for free.
Costumed participants ride on horseback and on flatbeds through the countryside.
Costumed participants ride on horseback or on flatbeds through the countryside.
A costumer is a designer
Costumers are dependant on resources available in the retail and wholesale market place.
Costumers hate it when stars insist on dressing themselves.
Costumes parties are especially fun.
Costumings are dressings.
Cot death can occur at any time of the year, in any place and in any family.
Cot death is caused by environmental poisoning.
Cot death is death
Cot death is sleep apnea
Cot death is still the main cause of death in babies over one month old.
Cot death is the largest single category of deaths in babies over one month old.
Cot death is the sudden and unexpected death of a baby for no obvious reason.
Cot death remains the most common kind of death in babies aged under one year.
Cot death remains the most common kind of death in infants aged under one year.
Cot deaths are more common in boys, and twins are thought to be at increased risk.
Cot sides are available for babies.
A cot is furniture
Cot can produce insert molds and has many secondary capabilities, including ultrasonic welding.
Cot comes complete with carring case.
Cot is available upon request.
Cot is easy to disinfect between uses.
Cot isa bed.
Cot provides all non-confidential information to sponsors in a timely fashion.
Cot requires modification to the frame.
Cots are a durable item and can last for many years.
Cots are also available upon request.
Cots are also available.
Cots are available at no extra cost.
Cots are available for a nominal fee.
Cots are available for additional occupancy.
Cots are available for an additional charge.
Cots are available for babies and toddlers.
Cots are available for family members who wish to stay overnight with a patient.
Cots are available for larger parties.
Cots are available for rent from the front desk.
Cots are available for sleep-over parents.
Cots are available if required.
Cots are available in all of our cottages.
Cots are available on request and there is a launderette on site.
Cots are available on request.
Cots are available to rent.
Cots are available upon request at no extra charge.
Cots are available.
Cots are beds.
Cots are complimentary.
Cots are en route to assorted destinations.
Cots are free of charge.
Cots are free.
Cots are located in jails.
Cots are omplimentary.
Cots are smalls.
Cots are used for sleeping.
Cots come in bulk.
Cots have (part) mattresses.
Cots have (part) sections.
Cots have four inch foam mattresses.
Cots have the highest mortality with all identified deaths occurring as the result of asphyxia.
Cots line a sun room facing the ocean.
COT'S on reef communities and their subsequent recovery from such disturbances.
Cots stack for compact storage but allow air to circulate.
All cots are high in potassium and iron.
Coterie members maintain unity through physical contact such as elaborate grooming.
Coterie members share burrows within the home territory, with one exception.
Coterie is a band
Coteries are the most stable unit within the colony.
Coteries usually contain an adult male, one or more adult females and their young offspring.
All coteries jointly defend the town.
A cotillion is a ballroom dance
Cotillion is an incredible stallion who is producing large, typey ponies of exceptional quality.
Cotillion Watch out for The Wet Look.
A cotoneaster is a bush
Cotoneasters are very popular garden shrubs, grown for their attractive habit and decorative fruit.
Cotoneasters are woody shrubs for use in hot,dry situations.
Cotonou port offers both bonded and unbonded warehousing.
Cottage cheese has the amazing ability to absorb an infinite amount of salt without being salty.
Cottage cheese is a good additional source of protein.
Cottage cheese is a good source of casein protein.
Cottage cheese is an excellent source of calcium, phosphorus, protein and vitamins.
Cottage cheese is blended with egg, cream, flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and nutmeg.
Cottage cheese is cheese
Cottage cheese is cheese.
Cottage cheese is dairy products.
Cottage cheese is good for animals who lost muscle mass.
Cottage cheese is in an intermediate position with moderate losses.
Cottage cheese is located in plates.
Cottage cheese is located in refrigerators.
Cottage cheese is lower in calcium than most cheeses.
Cottage cheese is one of the best sources of calcium.
Cottage cheese is really too acid for wine.
Cottage cheese is required to be Grade A in Colorado.
Cottage cheese is spoiled when it starts to look like regular cheese.
Cottage cheese is the result of separating milk or cream into curds and whey.
Cottage cheese is white.
Cottage cheese stays fresher longer if stored upside down in the refrigerator.
Some cottage cheese has lactose.
Cottage gardens are colourful and well tended.
Cottage gardens are like snowflakes with no two alike.
Cottage gardens are the most elemental example of an informal garden.
Cottage gardens are traditionally sun gardens.
Cottage gardens enjoy new favour.
Cottage homes are single gender and each has a group of eight to twelve boys or girls.
Cottage homes do well with lots of colorful annuals and perennials.
Cottage hospitals are dangerous, and expensive to run.
A cottage industry is an industry
Cottage industries are a rising source of income.
Cottage industries are blanket-weaving, basketry, bamboo craft, pottery, and broommaking.
Cottage industries are exempt from sales tax, excise duty, and income tax.
Cottage industries are industries.
Cottage industries create pottery, clothing, furniture, tapestries, and other fine hand-made works.
Cottage industries produce handmade items.
Cottage industry is a killer app.
Cottage industry is likewise another source of livelihood.
Cottage industry is the third one.
Cottage industry produces earthenware utensils and construction materials.
Many cottage industries center around providing materials for the perfumers art and craft.
Many cottage industries operate as family enterprises on a micro-scale.
A cottage is a house
Cottage also boasts an oversized jacuzzi.
Cottage belong Hat near all women across little customer.
Cottage collect Wheel thru few England through many sixty.
Cottage featues a king size bed and jacuzzi and fireplace.
Cottage features potential bedroom on the first floor.
Cottage Find help, report problems, and contribute information.
Cottage has a fireplace.
Cottage has a large deck with gas grill.
Cottage has a large patio with tables, chairs and loungers.
Cottage has full basement partially used as a two car garage.
Cottage has full kitchen, sitting room, dining area and solarium.
Cottage has full services with four bedrooms, each with double bed.
Cottage has large kitchen, bath, open floor plan and enclosed porch.
Cottage has open floor plan with full size bed and sleep sofa.
Cottage has two modest sized bedrooms, fireplace, sauna, kitchen , deck and front enclosed porch.
Cottage has two studios.
Cottage includes breakfast for four.
Cottage Includes on-site construction.
Cottage is a renovated traditional stone house.
Cottage is a writer's dream by the sea. . . .
Cottage is adjacent to Champlain Marina, listed below.
Cottage is available weekly.
Cottage is brand new with custom woodwork throughout.
Cottage is complete with linens and towels.
Cottage is cozy enough for two people, but can accommodate up to four.
Cottage is cozy with country furnishings.
Cottage is generally safe.
Cottage is on corner lot with lots of privacy and public beach access.
Cottage is on mainland.
Cottage is perfect for one couple, family, or group of friends.
Cottage is situated on corner lot with lots of privacy and public beach access.
Cottage is supported by private donations and receives no government funding.
Cottage is the last one at the end of the road.
Cottage is well maintained and clean.
Cottage is winterized to enjoy cross-country skiing and snowshoeing.
Cottage isa house.
Cottage makes for the angel either dine natural disasters.
Cottage needs some work though.
Cottage offers a cozy setting with table clothes, a fireplace and a full-service bar.
Cottage offers all the conveniences in a private setting - just bring groceries and a fishing pole.
Cottage offers great views from elevated deck.
Cottage provides a quiet and secluded location sleeping up to seven people on one level.
Cottage says the service just about sells itself once an employer or employee learns about it.
Cottage send except many fire and are redskins cap.
Cottage sink off a chimney and supply croquet sets for sale.
Cottage sink off a chimney and supply Florida state seminoles clothes.
Cottage sink off a chimney and supply head tennis racquet covers.
Cottage sits close to the waters edged with private boat dock.
Cottage sits on an acre in the woods.
Cottage sleeps four.
Cottage sleeps two.
Cottage Talk to man.
Cottage thus Goose paying the snake over either light cobblestone new only magazine.
Cottages accommodate four or more persons.
Cottages also feature efficiency kitchens but have no telephones.
Cottages also have fireplaces for use in the cooler months.
Cottages are a common place for moulds and dust, especially if they have been closed for the winter.
Cottages are a great place to relax and get away from it all.
Cottages are across from a free access beach.
Cottages are also air conditioned with twin bunk beds and a common bath.
Cottages are also available for rent.
Cottages are also available to rent.
Cottages are also available.
Cottages are available as well as other recreational facilities.
Cottages are available at each campus for housing when overnight stays are required.
Cottages are available by late afternoon.
Cottages are available for daytime picnics and instant evening parties.
Cottages are available for rent at seaside resorts, but fees are high and few services are provided.
Cottages are available for rent by the week, month or the season.
Cottages are available here.
Cottages are available on a weekly, monthly or seasonal basis year-round.
Cottages are available on a weekly, monthly or seasonal basis, year round.
Cottages are available to rent.
Cottages are available.
Cottages are by reservation only and a deposit is required.
Cottages are clean, light and airy.
Cottages are clean, modern, and privately spaced.
Cottages are clusters of six classrooms that surround a central living room core.
Cottages are completely furnished for housekeeping.
Cottages are completely furnished.
Cottages are cozy and comfortable, complete with queen beds and distinctive furnishings.
Cottages are deserted, houses to let, business is at a stand-still, and even schools are closed.
Cottages are especially nice for saving money on restaurants for bigger families.
Cottages are homes.
Cottages are houses.
Cottages are in excellent condition, microwave, showers, ceiling fans, aluminum boats and canoes.
Cottages are just as interesting as any mansion and often a great deal more comfortable to live in.
Cottages are larger with full kitchen facilities.
Cottages are located in countrysides.
Cottages are located in mountains.
Cottages are located in paintings.
Cottages are located in rural areas.
Cottages are located in villages.
Cottages are located in wood.
Cottages are modern, warm and comfortable.
Cottages are mostly Victorian and are beautifully maintained.
Cottages are only available for individuals on PCS status.
Cottages are small buildings.
Cottages are small homes.
Cottages are small houses.
Cottages are used for housing.
Cottages are used for livings.
Cottages are used for vacation.
Cottages boast decks and porches and are situated on a peaceful tidal inlet.
Cottages come equipped with stove, refrigerator, bed linens and blankets.
Cottages dot the shorelines, and boats of all sizes cruise the lakes and canals.
Cottages have (part) attics.
Cottages have (part) bases.
Cottages have (part) bathrooms.
Cottages have (part) bedrooms.
Cottages have (part) beds.
Cottages have (part) boilers.
Cottages have (part) ceilings.
Cottages have (part) courtyards.
Cottages have (part) decks.
Cottages have (part) doorknobs.
Cottages have (part) doorsteps.
Cottages have (part) elevator cars.
Cottages have (part) elevators.
Cottages have (part) family rooms.
Cottages have (part) floors.
Cottages have (part) foundation stones.
Cottages have (part) foyers.
Cottages have (part) front rooms.
Cottages have (part) hinges.
Cottages have (part) interior doors.
Cottages have (part) kitchens.
Cottages have (part) libraries.
Cottages have (part) potties.
Cottages have (part) readsides.
Cottages have (part) roof peaks.
Cottages have (part) roofs.
Cottages have (part) room light.
Cottages have (part) sections.
Cottages have (part) shower baths.
Cottages have (part) shower stalls.
Cottages have (part) staircases.
Cottages have (part) stairs.
Cottages have (part) toilets.
Cottages have (part) tubs.
Cottages have (part) walls.
Cottages have (part) window frames.
Cottages have (part) windowpanes.
Cottages have (part) windows.
Cottages have a three-piece washroom, electric heat, colour TV and a fully equipped kitchen.
Cottages have an ocean view, whirlpool tubs and some have fireplaces.
Cottages have bedrooms.
Cottages have cosy wood fires, disabled facilities, pets are most welcome.
Cottages have decks overlooking harbour and ocean.
Cottages have dishwashers in the kitchen.
Cottages have fireplaces and private hot tubs.
Cottages have fireplaces, kitchenettes and two bedrooms.
Cottages have fireplaces, sundecks, kitchenettes and ocean views.
Cottages have floor to ceiling windows, cozy fireplaces and private decks, many with kitchens.
Cottages have gardens, some enclosed, some unfenced but with mown grass.
Cottages have gas fireplaces, whirlpool baths and queen-size beds.
Cottages have kitchens, private baths, and fireplaces.
Cottages have more privacy, with two bedrooms and a kitchenette.
Cottages have original knotty pine walls.
Cottages have partitions reaching to the roof.
Cottages have sundecks and propane BBQs.
Cottages have two additional twin beds in the second bedroom.
Cottages have views of the sea, and privacy.
Cottages line the dusty road leading to the church at the far end.
Cottages log cabins log cabin.
Cottages offer a fireplace, and private patio.
Cottages offer solitude, vistas, and pure comfort.
Cottages overlooking the lake provide comforts of home.
Cottages provide a more rustic environment.
Cottages seaside close to village.
Cottages Secluded in peaceful woodlands are two-bedroom, fully equipped family cottages.
Cottages stand close to each other with entertainment facilities available.
Cottages stand in a spacious coconut grove bordering the pacific ocean.
Cottages Take a look at our collection of desktop themes featuring cottages.
Cottages vary in size according to party.
Cottages vary in size from a studio to two bedrooms, two bathrooms plus a den.
All cottage work, additions and renovations - contract or hourly basis.
All cottages accommodate six persons or less.
All cottages also have hammocks.
All cottages appear to be occupied as couples pose at front doors.
All cottages are air-conditioned, have ceiling fans and maid service.
All cottages are air-conditioned, with a fan, fridge, hair drier, safe and phone.
All cottages are at or near the lake, so that all have a clear lake view.
All cottages are capable of sleeping four to six people, and pets are most welcome.
All cottages are coed.
All cottages are fully modern with three piece bathrooms and fully functional kitchenettes.
All cottages are in their original boxes with certificates of authenticity, unless otherwise noted.
All cottages are lakefront .
All cottages are lakefront or pool side and have fully equipped kitchenettes.
All cottages are lakefront.
All cottages are lakeside.
All cottages are light housekeeping and come fully furnished.
All cottages are natural gas heated accommodating one to eight people.
All cottages are non-smoking units.
All cottages are non-smoking.
All cottages are on the waterfront, almost at water level and well spaced to insure privacy.
All cottages are smoke-free.
All cottages are very clean and fully equipped, including microwaves and gas barbeques.
All cottages are warm and cosy with electricity costs included in the rental fee.
All cottages are waterfront with dock space.
All cottages are well-spaced and each cottage offers an excellent view of the lake.
All cottages are within walking distance of the resort's amenities.
All cottages are within walking distance of the store and the dock area.
All cottages come with fully equipped kitchens and barbecue grills.
All cottages come with necessary cooking utensils, linens, and dish soap.
All cottages face the water and most have their own dock.
All cottages face the water.
All cottages feature unique decor, color cable tv, and screened porches.
All cottages have a carport, and many cottages have lovely views of our natural lakes and ponds.
All cottages have a front and back door with decks and porches.
All cottages have a fully equipped kitchen, lounge, dining suite, television and roomy balcony.
All cottages have a great view of the lake and everyone has equal access to the facilities.
All cottages have a large deck with picnic tables and lawn chairs, and a great view of the lake.
All cottages have a large screened porch overlooking the wonderful view of the lake.
All cottages have a maximum occupancy of six.
All cottages have a patio.
All cottages have a private bathroom and there are laundry facilities on site.
All cottages have a screened porch, picnic table, grill, and lawn chairs.
All cottages have a sleeper sofa in the sitting room.
All cottages have a veranda with chairs, picnic table and hibachi BBQ's.
All cottages have a view of Lake Huron.
All cottages have air conditioners and heating facilities.
All cottages have an outdoor patio and space for gardening.
All cottages have cable TV and telephone.
All cottages have ceiling fans in each room and remote controlled color cable television.
All cottages have color cable TV with remote control.
All cottages have color TVs.
All cottages have comfortable furnishings, modern appliances, private bathrooms, etc.
All cottages have complete kitchen and bath facilities unless stated otherwise.
All cottages have daily maid service.
All cottages have decks or screened porches.
All cottages have direct views to the sea with attractive locations.
All cottages have dishes, cooking supplies, bedding and linens.
All cottages have electric heat and are winterized.
All cottages have electric heat and private baths with showers.
All cottages have electricity for light, heating and cooking .
All cottages have fireplaces and all facilities have individual heat and air conditioning.
All cottages have food mixers, toasters, kettles and irons.
All cottages have free parking and the free use of indoor swimming pool.
All cottages have full central heating and double glazing.
All cottages have full kitchen, sitting area, eating area, bedroom, and bathroom.
All cottages have full kitchens and wood stoves.
All cottages have full kitchens,decks and BBQ s.
All cottages have full kitchens.
All cottages have gas BBQs and outdoor settings.
All cottages have heat and most have air conditioning.
All cottages have heat, bath with shower, kitchenette, barbecue, and picnic table.
All cottages have heating and many have fires.
All cottages have hot and cold running water and shower.
All cottages have kitchen , shower and toilet.
All cottages have kitchens and baths.
All cottages have kitchens and living rooms.
All cottages have pine interiors, carpeted floors and electric heating.
All cottages have private balconies or terraces with garden views.
All cottages have private bathrooms, entrances, patios and are non-smoking.
All cottages have private facilities.
All cottages have quality furniture, fittings and decor throughout.
All cottages have queen size beds and a sleeper sofa.
All cottages have telephones for incoming calls.
All cottages have their own patio area and rustic furniture.
All cottages have their own space heaters, hot water heaters and artesian well water.
All cottages have their own veranda.
All cottages have TV and books for indoor entertainment.
All cottages have TVs with VCRs and clean, safe gas heat.
All cottages have unobstructed lake and mountain views.
All cottages have wood-burning fireplaces.
All cottages now have a bathroom with shower.
All cottages offer full bathroom facilities and sleeping accommodations for up to three people.
All cottages present the opportunity to enjoy small personal gardens.
All cottages sleep six people.
All cottages sleep up to four people.
Every cottage faces the water and has large living room picture window.
Every cottage has a propane stove and an ice cooler for food storage.
Every cottage has a screened porch, picnic table and full-size gas barbecue.
Every cottage has private bath and open fire-place.
Every cottage is comfortably furnished.
Every cottage is different.
Every cottage is full of happy guests below the bluest sky full of white, billowing clouds.
Many cottages are available at the beach area on weekly, monthly, or seasonal basis.
Many cottages offer an idyllic waterside setting.
Many cottages still have cess pools and, in some cases, septic tanks.
Many cottages take on a wine country motif.
Most cottages also have a nice front porth for basking in the afternoon sun.
Most cottages are available on a weekly or bi-weekly basis.
Most cottages are lakeside but all have lake view.
Most cottages are non-smoking.
Most cottages are within walking distance of the beach and all have beach priviledges.
Most cottages feature private hot tubs.
Most cottages have a large fireplace is the lobby.
Most cottages have a sun porch to enjoy the panoramic view of the lake.
Most cottages have bedrooms.
Most cottages have fireplaces.
Most cottages have garages and some even include walk-out basements.
Most cottages have heat.
Most cottages have open fires and are open for business and close to wayside inns and restaurants.
Most cottages have telephones, but ask.
Most cottages have their own deck.
Most cottages have undercover parking and air conditioner.
Most cottages provide a hammock where guests can laze the afternoon.
Most cottages provide full or partial water view.
Some cottages also have decks.
Some cottages are air-conditioned or have cosy logfires.
Some cottages are along the beach while others are like giant tree houses.
Some cottages are handicap accessible.
Some cottages are on a hillside.
Some cottages even have dishwashers, fireplaces, and convertible sofas.
Some cottages expect guests to bring their own sheets and towels, so check when reserving.
Some cottages have a double bed in the second bedroom.
Some cottages have a microwave oven and all have television.
Some cottages have a third bedroom.
Some cottages have decks.
Some cottages have fireplaces and whirlpool bathtubs.
Some cottages have fireplaces.
Some cottages have living rooms, all have porches.
Some cottages have queen-sized beds.
A cottager is an inhabitant
Cottagers regularly look for alternatives to electricity.
Some cottagers adore their lawns.
A cotter pin is a fixing
Cotter pins are in holes drilled through both cages of the shackle and the shackle pin.
A cotter is a villein
Cotter lives in Vancouver, British Columbia.
A cotton ball is a plant disease
Cotton balls are a great worm bedding and are usually free for the asking.
Cotton balls are located in doctors.
Cotton balls are plant diseases.
Cotton balls are very handy to have for cleaning the eyes and the ears.
Cotton balls do little to muffle noise.
Cotton balls don t do much.
Cotton balls grow on bushes in a pod.
Cotton balls make great grandpa hair.
Cotton belts wear out more slowly, but silk belts are prettier when new.
All cotton belts discover pale although sad, as work lead everyone.
Cotton Boll can also design training on a custom basis.
Cotton bolls are fruit.
Cotton bolls are part of cotton plants.
Cotton bolls continue to open.
Cotton bolls represent the area's strong cotton industry and the eagle is suggestive of our country.
A cotton bollworm is a bollworm
Cotton bollworm is usually the predominant larval pest found during most of the growing season.
Cotton candy covers the ground.
Cotton candy is candy
Cotton candy is candy.
Cotton candy is food.
Cotton candy is located in carnivals.
Cotton candy is located in fairgrounds.
Cotton candy is located in fairs.
Cotton candy is made of sugar.
Cotton candy is nothing but pure sugar.
Cotton candy is pure sugar.
Cotton candy runs the opposite of all the health trends.
Cotton cloth is used for applications requiring good mechanical strength.
Most cotton fields are at or near treatable levels for aphids in almost all of the hills.
Cotton grass is a dramatic break through in all natural clothing.
Cotton grass is a sedge
Cotton grass is another good indicator of unsuitable ground.
Cotton lawn is a similar type of fabric, which can be white, solid colored, or printed.
Cotton mouth can be a side effect from medications such as anti-histamines.
Cotton mouth is dry mouth due to lack of saliva.
Cotton mouth is easier to get rid of than a social disease.
Cotton picking is about over here.
Cotton picking is enough to give anybody the blues.
A cotton plant is a bush
Cotton plants are bushs.
Cotton plants are crop plants.
Cotton plants are perennials grown as annuals in the southern half of the United States.
Cotton plants grow, and the cotton is harvested from the plants.
Some cotton plants grow at concentration.
Some cotton plants grow at elevate concentration.
Some cotton plants grow at elevate ozone concentration.
Some cotton plants grow at ozone concentration.
Some cotton plants grow wild in tropical and subtropical areas of the world .
Some cotton plants grow wild in tropical and subtropical areas of the world.
Some cotton plants produce fruit.
Cotton planting continues, dry weather has affected stand and growth.
Cotton planting continues.
Cotton planting is almost complete and growing conditions are good.
Cotton planting is complete.
Cotton planting is under way.
Cotton planting is virtually complete.
Cotton prices are high and supplies are scarce.
Cotton prices are higher than they have been at any time since the Civil War.
Cotton prices are likely to drop, experts say.
Cotton prices are likely to remain weak and under pressure for the near term.
Cotton prices continue to struggle at deep support with very little signs of life.
Cotton prices harden on reduced supplies.
Cotton rag comes from the part of the cotton plant that is used for textile manufacture.
Cotton rags absorb linen.
A cotton rat is a mammal
Cotton rats are especially troublesome in sugarcane and melons.
Cotton rats are mammals.
Cotton rats are rodents.
Cotton rats are subject to violent fluctuations in numbers.
Cotton rats consume fruit.
Cotton rats consume privet fruit.
Cotton rats have relatively large eyes.
Cotton seeds are seeds.
All cotton seed offered for sale in North Carolina is treated with fungicides.
All cotton seeds contain gossypol.
Some cotton seed is used as a high-protein concentrate for food products.
Some cotton swabs dip in alcohol.
Some cotton swabs dip in rub alcohol.
Cotton thistle is also the national flower of Scotland.
Cotton top marmosets A collection of medical, dental and veterinary images for use in teaching.
Cotton Valley is located south of Tuskegee.
Cotton wool helps the following morning.
Cotton wool is plant fibre
Cotton wool soaks in baby oil.
Cotton wool soaks in oil.
Most cotton wool soaks in baby oil.
Most cotton wool soaks in oil.
Cotton absorbs and holds in water close to the body for prolonged periods of time.
Cotton absorbs moisture and can lead to more dryness of the hair.
Cotton absorbs moisture better than nylon.
Cotton absorbs moisture but holds it in the fabric, making the sock stay wet and feel clammy.
Cotton absorbs moisture, allowing evaporation and ventilation.
Cotton absorbs moisture, is cold when wet, and takes a long time to dry.
Cotton absorbs moisture.
Cotton absorbs the moisture and becomes damp and very sticky and abrasive against the skin.
Cotton balls To pee and poop puppies .
Cotton becomes damp from rain, dripping, or perspiration and becomes cold and clammy.
Cotton belongs to the most storied generation of naval commanders in British history.
Cotton blooming out the top is considered cut-out.
Cotton breathes better than most fabrics and offers great absorbency.
Cotton breathes more and prevents perspiration and therefore irritation of the skin.
Cotton brings unity and order, braids together races, peoples, sexes.
Cotton can be a disaster on a trip, especially if it is cold and wet.
Cotton can better compete with pests if it is healthy and actively growing.
Cotton can really come back.
Cotton can recover much better from hail damage than soybeans, and especially corn.
Cotton can retain some stains better than other fabrics.
Cotton can run the book with different covers or content, and has turned it into booklet content.
Cotton can shrink, avoid making alterations by using pre-shrunk fabric.
Cotton can survive without a tap root.
Cotton Comes to Harlem'' and other boisterous adventures.
Cotton Comes to Harlem is a schizo-comedy.
Cotton Comes to Harlem.
Cotton conducts cold and once wet, dries very slowly.
Cotton continues to be picked by hand in developing countries .
Cotton continues to grow albeit slowly.
Cotton first produces a small square, which produces a white bloom.
Cotton generates more dollars per gallon of water than any other field crop.
Cotton gets cold when wet from drool or urine, while polyester stays warmer.
Cotton has gossypol , a toxin that makes it inedible.
Cotton has wonderful moisture absorbing properties.
Cotton holds moisture next to the skin where it promotes softened skin, hot spots and blisters.
Cotton is absorbent and can wick moisture onto clothes when saturated.
Cotton is agricultural products.
Cotton is Arizona's principal crop.
Cotton is back in Georgia in a big way and for a long time.
Cotton is Bad.
Cotton is black on one side and white on the other.
Cotton is cellulose, and cotton is actually stronger wet than dry.
Cotton is cohesive and naturally non-bearding.
Cotton is cool fabric that breathes well.
Cotton is crops.
Cotton is definitely a plus.
Cotton is easiest on the hands, but is least durable and is miserable when wet.
Cotton is easy to wash.
Cotton is Egypt's major agricultural export.
Cotton is Egypt's most important crop financially.
Cotton is fabric.
Cotton is grown also.
Cotton is grown and manufactured in Spain.
Cotton is grown and protected with the aid of harmful pesticides.
Cotton is grown and used to weave cloth.
Cotton is grown as a cash crop.
Cotton is grown for export.
Cotton is grown in some of the most arid regions in the world.
Cotton is grown in the Middle East.
Cotton is grown in the summer, cane is always there since it takes two years to mature.
Cotton is grown where water is available.
Cotton is hydrophilic and clings to water like limpets on rock.
Cotton is important crop in north and south of the state.
Cotton is important in eastern New Mexico, western Oklahoma and northern Texas.
Cotton is important, both for the domestic textile industry and for export.
Cotton is industries.
Cotton is King .
Cotton is king short sleeve shirts, shorts and sandals are appropriate dress for most activities.
Cotton is king.
Cotton is King.
Cotton is known as a highly pestprone crop all over the world.
Cotton is located in clothing.
Cotton is located in cotton balls.
Cotton is located in cotton bolls.
Cotton is located in fabric.
Cotton is located in fields.
Cotton is located in shirts.
Cotton is located in souths.
Cotton is ludicrous.
Cotton is Mississippi's third largest agricultural commodity.
Cotton is most susceptible to injury by thrips from emergence through the three to four leaf stage.
Cotton is much harder to quilt through.
Cotton is much more sensitive to thrips injury than crops such as corn or soybeans.
Cotton is natural fiber.
Cotton is nice and soft.
Cotton is OK but bulky in some circumstances.
Cotton is organic matter.
Cotton is over-whelmingly the shirt of choice.
Cotton is plant fibre
Cotton is plants.
Cotton is ready for harvest.
Cotton is representative of the diverse technical leaders produced by the materials field.
Cotton is shrubs.
Cotton is smaller and is also off-color from excessive rainfall.
Cotton is subject to attack by a complex of arthropod pests from the time of planting until harvest.
Cotton is Tajikistan's chief agricultural product.
Cotton is tall and handsome, with baby-smooth chocolate skin and a warm, engaging smile.
Cotton is tall and handsome, with baby-smooth skin and a warm, engaging smile.
Cotton is thread.
Cotton is Uganda's second major export crop after coffee.
Cotton is used for bedding.
Cotton is used for clothing.
Cotton is used for cotton balls.
Cotton is used for thread.
Cotton is used for threadings.
Cotton is viewed as a good hard-currency product.
Cotton is viewed as an organization player.
Cotton is white.
Cotton is worse than wearing nothing when it gets wet.
Cotton isa fiber.
Cotton isa fibre.
Cotton kills when wet in winter.
Cotton lining for moisture absorption, suede sock lining.
Cotton looks like piles of corn leaves.
Cotton picking somehow unites the nation.
Cotton plants Cotton is in the mallow family and produces delicate , lovely flowers .
Cotton presents no problem.
Cotton preshrunk short sleeve t-shirt.
Cotton produces chemicals that fight fungus and bacteria.
Cotton ranks as the leading crop.
Cotton reduces the potential for static electricity.
Cotton remains very poor.
Cotton replaces tobacco as major staple crop in the south.
Cotton requires an extended growing season, culminated by a short six to eight week harvest period.
Cotton retains moisture, and wet or even damp clothes mean cold bodies.
Cotton rigging and printed paper sails add realistic detail.
Cotton says efforts are well underway.
Cotton sounds happy, and there are the sounds of a bus station in the background.
Cotton stands good.
Cotton still provides about half of all global fibre requirements.
Cotton tends to grab, get caught or leave fibers in the heads.
Cotton tends to hold in moisture.
Cotton thrives with a long growing season, in a soil with a sandy-spongy quality.
Cotton webbing offers better grip and less burn than nylon.
Cotton works well.
Cottons are suitable for daytime wear and a shawl or sweater is advised for evenings.
Cottons are the most comfortable, but cotton blends are satisfactory.
Cottons made in weft ikat are mainly indigo and white.
Cottons make a great beach throw.
All cotton linens, down comforters and pillows pamper our guests.
All cotton used in their products is organic cotton.
All cottons are perennials in nature, but an annual habit has been selected.
Most cotton has open bolls.
Most cotton is harvested by machine and taken by truck from the fields ready for transportation.
Most cotton is in fair to good condition.
Most cotton is planted.
Much cotton has yet to be classed.
Some cotton follows routes.
Some cotton has air.
Some cotton has color.
Some cotton is added on it.
Some cotton is grown in a few counties in Oklahoma.
Some cotton is grown south of Chattanooga.
Some cotton is picked by hand.
Some cotton is raised and processed, and natural gas is exploited.
Some cotton soaks in clean water.
Some cotton soaks in water.
Some cottons hold lint tighter.
Cottonmouth snakes are dark, heavy-bodied semiaquatic snakes that have no rattle.
Cottonmouth snakes are large and venomous snakes which are found in aquatic areas.
Cottonmouth snakes have ability.
Cottonmouth snakes have broad flat heads.
Cottonmouth snakes have elliptical eye pupils.
Cottonmouth snakes have elliptical pupils.
Cottonmouth snakes have flat heads.
Cottonmouth snakes have heads.
Cottonmouth snakes have pupils.
Cottonmouth snakes hiss from cypress knees.
Most cottonmouth snakes have ability.
Most cottonmouth snakes have broad flat heads.
Most cottonmouth snakes have elliptical pupils.
Most cottonmouth snakes have flat heads.
Most cottonmouth snakes have heads.
Most cottonmouth snakes have pupils.
Some cottonmouth snakes have diets.
Some cottonmouth snakes have heat.
Some cottonmouth snakes have pits.
Some cottonmouth snakes hibernate for several months.
Some cottonmouth snakes use pits.
A cottonmouth is a pit viper
Cottonmouth also has a good knowledge of different poisons.
Cottonmouth are more territorial than most of the other snakes found in Arkansas.
Cottonmouth is interested, but the price is much to high for Cottonmouth to afford at that point.
Cottonmouth isa viper.
Cottonmouth snakes forage by ambushing, actively searching for, and hunting their prey.
Cottonmouths are a common species in the southeastern United States.
Cottonmouths are aggressive snakes and bite when disturbed or provoked.
Cottonmouths are carnivores, eating primarily mammals and fish.
Cottonmouths are carriers of many types of parasites.
Cottonmouths are common snakes found in wetlands, rivers, lakes, etc.
Cottonmouths are known for being one of the few venomous snakes that feed on fish.
Cottonmouths are most active by night, but are also out in daylight hours, often basking.
Cottonmouths are mostly active at night when they feed on amphibians, fish, snakes, and birds.
Cottonmouths are nocturnal, most active at night.
Cottonmouths are preyed upon by other snakes and humans.
Cottonmouths are related to other common venomous species, including copperheads and rattlesnakes.
Cottonmouths are typically nocturnal.
Cottonmouths are venomous and can bite while on land or in water.
Cottonmouths are venomous and more aggressive than many local snake species.
Cottonmouths are venomous, and are therefore highly dangerous if approached or handled.
Cottonmouths are very buoyant, with most of their bodies visible when they swim.
Cottonmouths avoid contact with humans or any other possible predator.
Cottonmouths breed seasonally and are believed to be monogamous.
Cottonmouths camouflage very effectively in their natural habitat.
Cottonmouths can be aggressive.
Cottonmouths can deliver a painful and medically significant bite.
Cottonmouths can reach six feet long.
Cottonmouths catch their food by striking, biting, and releasing venom into the prey.
Cottonmouths consume diets.
Cottonmouths eat frogs.
Cottonmouths eat other snakes, including their own kind.
Cottonmouths feed on fish, frogs, mice, rats, and other small mammals.
Cottonmouths feed primarily on fish, frogs, mice, rats, and other small mammals.
Cottonmouths follow scent.
Cottonmouths have (part) brains.
Cottonmouths have (part) breasts.
Cottonmouths have (part) cell membranes.
Cottonmouths have (part) cells.
Cottonmouths have (part) chest cavities.
Cottonmouths have (part) chests.
Cottonmouths have (part) corpi.
Cottonmouths have (part) cytoplasm.
Cottonmouths have (part) ears.
Cottonmouths have (part) faces.
Cottonmouths have (part) heads.
Cottonmouths have (part) nuclei.
Cottonmouths have (part) pedal extremities.
Cottonmouths have (part) plasma membranes.
Cottonmouths have (part) rib cages.
Cottonmouths have (part) sections.
Cottonmouths have (part) skulls.
Cottonmouths have (part) sterna.
Cottonmouths have (part) vacuoles.
Cottonmouths have (part) vertebrate feet.
Cottonmouths have a lifespan of less than ten years.
Cottonmouths have a triangular shaped head and vertical pupil.
Cottonmouths have babies.
Cottonmouths have flat heads.
Cottonmouths have heads.
Cottonmouths have large folding fangs that deliver potent venom to predators or prey.
Cottonmouths have pupils.
Cottonmouths have senses.
Cottonmouths have several important senses.
Cottonmouths have spots.
Cottonmouths have techniques.
Cottonmouths have triangular heads.
Cottonmouths have wide flat heads.
Cottonmouths inflict most of their bite under the water, on top of the water, or near the water.
Cottonmouths mate in the late spring or early summer.
Cottonmouths open mouths.
Cottonmouths prefer wetlands but are also found on land in vegetation and under logs and branches.
Cottonmouths seem to prefer swampy boggy areas allong with hillside streams.
Cottonmouths use long, folding fangs to deliver potent venom.
Cottonmouths use vision, touch, smell, and sound.
Cottonmouths usually inhabit murky waters such as swamps, streams, marshes, and drainage ditches.
Most cottonmouths eat frogs.
Most cottonmouths have babies.
Most cottonmouths have flat heads.
Most cottonmouths have heads.
Most cottonmouths have senses.
Most cottonmouths have several important senses.
Most cottonmouths have spots.
Most cottonmouths have techniques.
Most cottonmouths have triangular heads.
Most cottonmouths have wide flat heads.
Some cottonmouths eat fish.
Some cottonmouths face danger.
Some cottonmouths have ability.
Some cottonmouths have heat.
Some cottonmouths have patterns.
Some cottonmouths have predators.
Some cottonmouths have similar patterns.
Some cottonmouths use tongues.
Cottonseed meal can replace soybean meal in creep rations.
Cottonseed meal contains gossypol, which is toxic to swine.
Cottonseed meal is a by-product of cotton manufacturing.
Cottonseed meal is also a good fertilizer.
Cottonseed meal is made from the remains of cotton seeds after the oil is pressed out.
Cottonseed oil contains no cholesterol and plays a large role in reducing fat intake.
Cottonseed oil has pesticide residues plus some iffy fatty acids.
Cottonseed oil is a good starting material for structured lipids.
Cottonseed oil is a staple of the local diet, and with supplies low, prices have risen sharply.
Cottonseed oil is extracted from the cottonseed kernel.
Cottonseed oil is oil
Cottonseed oil is used in food products like, candy, potatoes chips and crackers.
Cottonseed oil is vegetable oil.
Cottonseed oil produces thick and lasting lather, in addition to having emollient properties.
A cottonseed is a seed
Cottonseed combines protein, fiber, and fat into one feed.
Cottonseed competes with soybeans.
Cottonseed contains a pigment called gossypol.
Cottonseeds are oilseeds.
Cottonseeds are part of cotton.
Cottontail habitats include shrubs.
A cottontail rabbit is a rabbit
Cottontail rabbits are almost completely mute animals.
Cottontail rabbits are classified as animals.
Cottontail rabbits are common in urban areas as well as rural areas.
Cottontail rabbits are hunted by many predators, so they only live two to three years in the wild.
Cottontail rabbits are mammals.
Cottontail rabbits are smaller than jackrabbits or hares in overall size.
Cottontail rabbits are very prolific.
Cottontail rabbits are wild rabbits found all over North and South America.
Cottontail rabbits browse pitch pine seedlings.
Cottontail rabbits burrow in natural cavities or burrows excavated by woodchucks or other animals.
Cottontail rabbits can be an agricultural pest like their relative the jackrabbit.
Cottontail rabbits eat a great variety of plant materials.
Cottontail rabbits eat materials.
Cottontail rabbits eat plant materials.
Cottontail rabbits have a brown colored fur coat which remains that color year-round.
Cottontail rabbits have excellent eyesights.
Cottontail rabbits have eyesights.
Cottontail rabbits have years.
Cottontail rabbits leave their young for hours while feeding themselves.
Cottontail rabbits live up to ten years in captivity.
Cottontail rabbits live up to years.
Cottontail rabbits prefer disturb habitats.
Cottontail rabbits prefer habitats.
Cottontail rabbits show a greater resistance to myxomatosis than European rabbits.
Most cottontail rabbits are classified as animals.
Most cottontail rabbits eat materials.
Most cottontail rabbits eat plant materials.
Most cottontail rabbits have excellent eyesights.
Most cottontail rabbits have eyesights.
Most cottontail rabbits have years.
Most cottontail rabbits live up to years.
Most cottontail rabbits prefer disturb habitats.
Most cottontail rabbits prefer habitats.
Some cottontail rabbits belong to genus.
Some cottontail rabbits warn their buddies of potential danger by thumping their hind feet.
A cottontail is a rabbit
Cottontail are carriers of tularemia and relapsing fever.
Cottontail does select a nest site in an old field, open woodland, or even around a garden or lawn.
Cottontail has small home range, usually an acre or two.
Cottontail isa rabbit.
Cottontails are a common source of tularemia , or rabbit fever.
Cottontails are a food source for many mammalian and avian predators.
Cottontails are a major prey animal for hawks, snakes, coyote and many other predators.
Cottontails are abundant throughout the region.
Cottontails are active year round and can be seen at dawn and dusk.
Cottontails are also common in urban and suburban areas.
Cottontails are born with their eyes shut.
Cottontails are common from the coast to the mountains.
Cottontails are coprophagic, meaning they eat their own feces.
Cottontails are coprophagic, meaning they eat thier own waste or pellets.
Cottontails are found in large numbers in Arizona and New Mexico.
Cottontails are herbivores, meaning they only eat plant matter.
Cottontails are named after their tail, which is shaped like a cottony ball.
Cottontails are prone to many diseases, the most notable being tularemia.
Cottontails are solitary creatures, active mostly between dusk and dawn.
Cottontails are somewhat difficult to view, due to their swift and elusive nature.
Cottontails are subject as prey by many other animals.
Cottontails are susceptible to a variety of diseases and parasites, some of which can be deadly.
Cottontails are true rabbits, and are native to North America.
Cottontails are true rabbits.
Cottontails are vulnerable in the wintertime.
Cottontails are wild rabbits of North America and parts of Central and South America.
Cottontails can breed at eighty days old, then mate again soon after giving birth.
Cottontails can generally withstand heavy predation if suitable habitat and cover is present.
Cottontails consume green vegetation.
Cottontails consume herbaceous vegetation.
Cottontails consume tender vegetation.
Cottontails consume vegetation.
Cottontails depend on herbaceous plants for food and cover.
Cottontails do best in a low-stress environment, and they HATE strangers.
Cottontails do get into a ton of mischief.
Cottontails eat diets.
Cottontails eat grasses, forbs, and bark of saplings.
Cottontails eat herbivorous diets.
Cottontails eat many garden vegetables, especially lettuce, carrots, beans and peas.
Cottontails eat mostly green plants of all kinds, including poison ivy.
Cottontails eat shoots.
Cottontails eat vegetation.
Cottontails feed at night, subsisting on a variety of green plants, barks, buds, and grasses.
Cottontails feed on twigs.
Cottontails forage in areas.
Cottontails generally do the most damage in winter and early spring.
Cottontails give a high-pitched scream or distress call when injured or captured.
Cottontails have (part) brains.
Cottontails have (part) breasts.
Cottontails have (part) cell membranes.
Cottontails have (part) cells.
Cottontails have (part) chest cavities.
Cottontails have (part) chests.
Cottontails have (part) corpi.
Cottontails have (part) cytoplasm.
Cottontails have (part) ears.
Cottontails have (part) faces.
Cottontails have (part) heads.
Cottontails have (part) nuclei.
Cottontails have (part) pedal extremities.
Cottontails have (part) piluses.
Cottontails have (part) plasma membranes.
Cottontails have (part) rib cages.
Cottontails have (part) sections.
Cottontails have (part) skulls.
Cottontails have (part) sterna.
Cottontails have (part) vacuoles.
Cottontails have (part) vertebrate feet.
Cottontails have glands.
Cottontails have keen eyesight and hearing.
Cottontails have large ears and large hind feet.
Cottontails have layers.
Cottontails have only one external opening for both anus and urethra, called the cloaca.
Cottontails have round tails.
Cottontails have tails.
Cottontails have very keen sight and hearing.
Cottontails have white tails.
Cottontails like to live at the edges of open areas.
Cottontails live approximately two years in the wild.
Cottontails mainly live above ground like hares.
Cottontails move only short distances.
Cottontails occupy habitats.
Cottontails occupy ranges.
Cottontails occur in areas.
Cottontails prefer an open brushy or forest-border type of cover.
Cottontails prefer brushy cover interspersed with open areas.
Cottontails prefer forest habitats.
Cottontails prefer habitats.
Cottontails prefer partially open brush areas, wooded swamps, woodland edges and wooded fence rows.
Cottontails reside in areas.
Cottontails reside in wood areas.
Cottontails run in a zigzag manner.
Cottontails typically prefer to live in areas with woody and dense vegetation.
Cottontails use burrows.
Cottontails vary in color from gray to brown and have large ears and hind feet and fluffy tails.
Cottontails usually nest in old fields, open woodlands or gardens, and sometimes even in open lawns.
All cottontails are excellent swimmers.
Most cottontails breed only during the spring to fall months.
Most cottontails consume green vegetation.
Most cottontails consume herbaceous vegetation.
Most cottontails eat diets.
Most cottontails eat herbivorous diets.
Most cottontails eat shoots.
Most cottontails eat vegetation.
Most cottontails feed on twigs.
Most cottontails have glands.
Most cottontails have layers.
Most cottontails have round tails.
Most cottontails have tails.
Most cottontails have white tails.
Most cottontails occupy habitats.
Most cottontails occupy ranges.
Most cottontails occur in areas.
Most cottontails prefer forest habitats.
Most cottontails reside in areas.
Most cottontails reside in wood areas.
Some cottontails become predators.
Some cottontails eat food.
Some cottontails eat plant food.
Some cottontails feed on grass.
Some cottontails feed on tender grass.
Some cottontails have black spots.
Some cottontails have coats.
Some cottontails have expectancy.
Some cottontails have fur coats.
Some cottontails have life expectancy.
Some cottontails have senses.
Some cottontails have spots.
Some cottontails have white spots.
Some cottontails occupy habitat patches.
Some cottontails occupy patches.
Some cottontails occupy small habitat patches.
Some cottontails occupy small patches.
Some cottontails prefer deciduous vegetation.
Some cottontails prefer dense vegetation.
Cottonwood County is located in southern Minnesota.
Cottonwood Creek babbles through the property by our camping sites.
Cottonwood Creek flows at the base of the cliffs.
Cottonwood Creek is located on the property and is lined with large beautiful trees.
Cottonwood Creek meanders through the willows and meadows below Ranch headquarters.
Cottonwood Lake is just a short three mile drive through the woods.
Cottonwood Park has a welcoming homestyle atmosphere.
Cottonwood Park is family owned and operated.
Cottonwood Park is quiet and neighborly.
Cottonwood trees are a very important part of the riparian life zones at the lower elevations.
Cottonwood trees are often undercut and fall into and across the river.
Cottonwood trees are the anchor for the bosque ecosystem.
Cottonwood trees can grow to huge heights.
Cottonwood trees create a natural green island in the center of a sea of urban pavement.
Cottonwood trees create lots of important shade and shelter for animals during hot summer days.
Cottonwood trees depend on over-bank flooding to become established by seed.
Cottonwood trees grow quickly and easily in Wyoming's conditions.
Cottonwood trees have only male or female catkins and as a result are said to be dioecious.
Cottonwood trees require periodic floods to initiate germination of new seedlings.
Cottonwood trees rise above walkers, cyclists and families playing on gentle contours.
Cottonwood trees shade a pretty park beside the creek on the east side of town.
Cottonwood trees shade the banks of the seasonal stream in Little Sand Draw.
A cottonwood is a lime tree
Cottonwood grows quickly and suffers wind damage.
Cottonwoods are a hardwood, but softer than most.
Cottonwoods are amongst the water shunt plants of nature.
Cottonwoods are dependent on a constant supply of water.
Cottonwoods are dormant during the fall.
Cottonwoods are important bird and butterfly plants.
Cottonwoods are important riparian trees, requiring water around the roots.
Cottonwoods are out of date.
Cottonwoods are poplars.
Cottonwoods are trees that are easy to take for granted.
Cottonwoods are trees.
Cottonwoods are very easy to spot and even easier to pull up.
Cottonwoods can be either male or female.
Cottonwoods grow rapidly and stumps and fresh-cut twigs with sprout readily.
Cottonwoods grow really fast and can get hundreds of feet tall.
Cottonwoods have a medium to long length of life and a fast rate of growth.
Cottonwoods line the river.
Cottonwoods prefer to grow close to the streambank.
Cottonwoods produce large seed crops nearly every year.
Cottonwoods require full sunlight to successfully grow.
A cotyledon is a leaf
Cotyledon isa foliage.
Cotyledon isa leaf.
Cotyledon leaves growth stage of normal sugar beet.
Cotyledons also become yellow, with some reddening of the petioles of young leaves.
Cotyledons also have a clearly evident midvein.
Cotyledons also store considerable quantity of neem oil.
Cotyledons appear as bumps on the proembryo and the embryo elongates.
Cotyledons are bean-shaped, thick, dark green above and light green below.
Cotyledons are kidney-shaped and smooth.
Cotyledons are lanceolate with rounded tips and smooth on both surfaces.
Cotyledons are linear and hairless.
Cotyledons are linear and long.
Cotyledons are linear in shape.
Cotyledons are linear with a prominent midvein and reddish-tinted undersides.
Cotyledons are linear, long and smooth.
Cotyledons are long and waxy, as well as narrow and tapering at each end.
Cotyledons are narrowly elliptic.
Cotyledons are often different in appearance from subsequent and adult leaves.
Cotyledons are ovate to round.
Cotyledons are primitive leaves inside the seed.
Cotyledons are round and notched at the center.
Cotyledons are round to spatulate, glabrous and fleshy.
Cotyledons are round, thick and large with a purple hypocotyl.
Cotyledons are roundish to oblong, purple underneath.
Cotyledons are seed leafs.
Cotyledons are seed leaves.
Cotyledons are small-sized, with long caulicles.
Cotyledons are smooth and green.
Cotyledons are spatulate and hairy.
Cotyledons are spatulate with three large veins.
Cotyledons are still intact.
Cotyledons are the first leaves of the embryonic plant .
Cotyledons are the first leaves produced by plants.
Cotyledons are the first pair of leaves to emerge.
Cotyledons are the site of primary infection.
Cotyledons are thick and oval to spatula-shaped.
Cotyledons are thick and oval to spatulate with grooved petioles.
Cotyledons are thick, fleshy, lanceolate, and fairly large.
Cotyledons are thick, fleshy, long and narrow.
Cotyledons are unifoliate, and are small relative to subsequent leaves.
Cotyledons are widest at the apex and taper down to a short petiole.
Cotyledons are without hairs but the first true leaves have hairs and a grayish appearance.
Cotyledons are without hairs.
Cotyledons begin to form as bumps on the embryo.
Cotyledons communicate their demand for sucrose to the seed coat through cell turgor signals.
Cotyledons connate into a tube enclosing the plumule.
Cotyledons emerge from germinate seeds.
Cotyledons emerge from seeds.
Cotyledons have (part) leaf shapes.
Cotyledons have (part) sections.
Cotyledons have a slight notch at the tip.
Cotyledons have parallel margins and rounded tips.
Cotyledons hypogeal .
Cotyledons linear and hairless.
Cotyledons linear, fleshy, green.
Cotyledons look like Acer rubrum leaves.
Cotyledons ovate to heart-shaped.
Cotyledons ovate to spatulate and scurfy on the lower surface.
Cotyledons remain within seed coat.
Cotyledons spatulate, stalked.
Cotyledons store food.
Cotyledons swell to show that the Endosperm is filled with nourishment.
Most cotyledons emerge from germinate seeds.
Most cotyledons emerge from seeds.
Most cotyledons store food.
Some cotyledons absorb nutrients.
Some cotyledons contain compounds.
Some cotyledons contain cotyledons.
Some cotyledons contain toxic compounds.
Some cotyledons have butterfly shapes.
Some cotyledons have distinctive shapes.
Some cotyledons have shapes.
Some cotyledons provide nutrients.
Coucals love forests with understory vegetation, such as bracken, grasses and rushes.
Couch grass is a wheat-grass
Couch grass prevents worms, cleanses the urinary tract, and reduces incontinence.
Couch potato is an idler
Couch potato is idlers.
Couch potatoes are in mourning.
Couch potatoes balk as dance enjoys revival.
Couch potatoes can do arm, abdominal and body exercises while watching television.
Couch potatoes can find a local video store.
Couch potatoes can still maintain their status.
Couch potatoes die earlier, often after long periods of inert suffering.
Couch potatoes gather moss.
Couch potatoes have few logically consistent ideas about the physical world.
Couch potatoes rejoice.
A couch is a seat
Couch admits that the process can get frustrating.
Couch also maintains message boards on everything from baking to quantity cooking.
Couch becomes double bed.
Couch can throw it.
Couch fears the ruling undermines First Amendment rights.
Couch folds easily into very comfortable bed.
Couch gets up and attacks player with crowbar.
Couch has hole torn in back and damage to back right corner.
Couch has much better command of the offense and has grown into the unit's unquestioned leader.
Couch hopes to sell the soccer program as a part of an excellent overall experience.
Couch is a fairly unflappable kind of fellow.
Couch is a large rock on the horizon.
Couch is a middle school arts teacher.
Couch is a sleeper sofa.
Couch is everything.
Couch is in good condition.
Couch is in the living room and the fellows are waving bye - bye.
Couch is just a little shaky right now.
Couch is more direct.
Couch is that teacher.
Couch is the answer.
Couch is the man.
Couch is tied for sixth after three rounds.
Couch needs more help than the other two.
Couch needs that big target.
Couch opens into a double bed.
Couch opens into single bed.
Couch pillows work just as well.
Couch pulls out.
Couch reclines on both ends, middle folds down to hold drinks, slide-out drawer in foot area.
Couch says that the district's legal fight was worth it.
Couch seating around a working fireplace is great for small group planning meetings.
Couch seems much more comfortable in the short and intermediate passing game.
Couch takes a knee to run out the clock.
Couches are essential in offering body and beauty treatments.
Couches are expensive though.
Couches are good for one thing.
Couches are more versatile than chairs.
Couches can be very dangerous to ferrets.
Couches come in many kinds of colors such as red.
Couches convert into two comfortable beds.
Couches line the walls and bean-bag chairs make the place look just like home.
Couches make into a double bed.
Couches offer much more room for sitting.
Couchs are beds.
Couchs are black.
Couchs are located in apartments.
Couchs are located in dens.
Couchs are located in doctors.
Couchs are located in houses.
Couchs are located in lofts.
Couchs are located in parties.
Couchs are located in rest areas.
Couchs are located in rooms.
Couchs are used for comfort.
Couchs are used for furnishings.
Couchs are used for furniture.
Couchs are used for sex.
Couchs are used for sleeping.
A couchette is a compartment
Couchettes are available in second class.
Couchettes are bunks, with pillows and blankets provided.
Couchettes are compartments.
Couchettes are open bunks in a compartment each with a pillow and blanket.
Couchettes are open bunks in a compartment, each with a pillow and blanket.
Couchettes are part of passenger trains.
Couchettes are usually second class compartments with six berths.
Some cougar attacks kill women.
Cougar cubs learn how to hunt primarily from watching their mothers and by trial and error.
Cougar fans are outraged.
Cougar fans fill half the stands and the band members play whenever they dang feel like it.
Cougar habitats contain elements.
Most cougar habitats contain elements.
Cougar home ranges usually intertwine with each other.
Cougar hunts are available in winter.
Cougar numbers are at high population levels.
Most cougar reports are false, biologists say.
Cougar scat is about the size of a large dog's scat and usually contains large amounts of hair.
Cougar sightings are back, as well.
Cougar sightings continue to roll into our office almost daily.
Most cougar sightings are remarkably consistent.
Cougar swimmers continue their assault on the school's record books.
Cougar women look to three-peat as champions.
A cougar is a wildcat
Cougar isa cat.
Cougar stands on bare rock, regarding sunlight through cloud.
Cougars also find pet dogs easy prey.
Cougars also have similar body types to house cats, only on a larger scale.
Cougars also have very long tails, which make up a third to half of their total body length.
Cougars also purr when together.
Cougars also seem to share the domestic cat's attraction to catnip.
Cougars also take advantage of steep canyons and rock outcroppings to remain hidden.
Cougars also use body language to communicate.
Cougars are a popular breed in the pet trade and completely over-represented.
Cougars are a retreating animal and very wary of people.
Cougars are able to breed when they are two or three years old.
Cougars are also a problem in California, where two people have been killed in the past few years.
Cougars are also powerful predators.
Cougars are an endangered species due to loss of habitat and over-hunting by man.
Cougars are an endangered species.
Cougars are beautiful animals.
Cougars are born with spots for better camouflage,later their fur changes to a solid color.
Cougars are carnivores because they eat only meat .
Cougars are carnivores because they eat only meat.
Cougars are carnivores, as are all cats.
Cougars are carnivores.
Cougars are cats.
Cougars are considered extirpated in New York State.
Cougars are consumers.
Cougars are exclusively solitary with exception of brief mating periods, or when female has kittens.
Cougars are extremely elusive and usually avoid direct contact with people.
Cougars are felines.
Cougars are formidable and stealthy hunters.
Cougars are large, muscular cats.
Cougars are located in forests.
Cougars are loners-except during breeding or when mothers are accompanied by their kittens.
Cougars are magnificent animals.
Cougars are mammals and the young drink their mother's milk.
Cougars are masters at camouflage and avoid contact with humans as much as possible.
Cougars are most active at dusk and dawn.
Cougars are most active from dusk to dawn, although they sometimes travel and hunt during the day.
Cougars are natives of North America and are highly adaptable.
Cougars are nice people.
Cougars are North America's largest unspotted cat and are second only in size to the jaguar.
Cougars are often divorced, sometimes with cubs and financially independent.
Cougars are out there.
Cougars are powerful, agile and unhesitating.
Cougars are primarily nocturnal although they can be active during the day.
Cougars are secondary consumers.
Cougars are semi-protected animals under Oregon law.
Cougars are shy, secretive cats and typically avoid contact with people.
Cougars are skilled night hunters with excellent eyesight and superb hearing.
Cougars are solitary and territorial animals by nature.
Cougars are solitary animals and avoid contact with humans if possible.
Cougars are solitary animals, and come together only for mating.
Cougars are solitary hunters who face competition for their kills from other large mammals.
Cougars are solitary, nocturnal animals, coming together only to mate or when females have young.
Cougars are solitary, territorial hunters.
Cougars are still fairly abundant in some of the sparsely populated western states.
Cougars are tan to brown.
Cougars are territorial and maintain their own home ranges.
Cougars are territorial.
Cougars are the cats most people dispose of as pets when they reach a year.
Cougars are the largest carnivore in the north coast redwood parks.
Cougars are the largest members of the cat family in North America.
Cougars are the largest of the three.
Cougars are the largest purring cat in North America.
Cougars are the largest purring feline.
Cougars are the most active from dusk until dawn, when they hunt for food.
Cougars are the natural predators of the mule deer.
Cougars are the only large cat that actually purrs.
Cougars are the second largest cat in North America.
Cougars are the second largest cats in the Americas behind the jaguar.
Cougars are tough enough .
Cougars are very plentiful but camouflage well with the surrounding terrain.
Cougars are very rare, but can be present.
Cougars are very secretive animals, and sightings are a rarity.
Cougars are weapons.
Cougars are well adapted to life in uneven terrain.
Cougars are wildcats.
Cougars attack animals.
Cougars attack domestic animals.
Cougars attack prey.
Cougars born in captivity do very well.
Cougars can be rough on house pets, and they frequently target joggers.
Cougars can breed year-round, but breeding is more common in winter and early spring.
Cougars can live wherever their main prey, deer, are present.
Cougars can occoupy a variety of habitats from coastal swamps to mountain slopes.
Cougars can occupy a variety of habitats from coastal swamps to mountain slopes.
Cougars can see better at night than people can .
Cougars can see better at night than people can.
Cougars do kill mule deer.
Cougars do make a very distinguishable noise, much different from a roar.
Cougars do purr and yowl.
Cougars drag prey.
Cougars drink water.
Cougars eat about one deer every one to two weeks.
Cougars eat animals.
Cougars eat creatures.
Cougars eat deer.
Cougars eat herbivores.
Cougars eat meat.
Cougars exhibit behavior.
Cougars exist in density.
Cougars Fall to No.
Cougars feed on prey.
Cougars follow deer.
Cougars generally cover their droppings with loose soil.
Cougars Get Ready for No.
Cougars grasp necks.
Cougars greet new basketball coach.
Cougars have (part) brains.
Cougars have (part) breasts.
Cougars have (part) cell membranes.
Cougars have (part) cells.
Cougars have (part) chest cavities.
Cougars have (part) chests.
Cougars have (part) corpi.
Cougars have (part) cytoplasm.
Cougars have (part) ears.
Cougars have (part) faces.
Cougars have (part) heads.
Cougars have (part) nuclei.
Cougars have (part) pads.
Cougars have (part) paws.
Cougars have (part) piluses.
Cougars have (part) plasma membranes.
Cougars have (part) rib cages.
Cougars have (part) sections.
Cougars have (part) skulls.
Cougars have (part) sterna.
Cougars have (part) vacuoles.
Cougars have a distinct home range that they protect and mark off regularly with urine.
Cougars have a keen sense of smell and can easily follow scent trails.
Cougars have a thick tail with a black tip.
Cougars have an eclectic diet, generally eating what they encounter, when they encounter it.
Cougars have an extensive geographic range in North America.
Cougars have blue eyes.
Cougars have classifications.
Cougars have eyes.
Cougars have five toes on the forepaws and four on the hind paws.
Cougars have four different names.
Cougars have four toes with three distinct lobes present at the base of the pad.
Cougars have kittens.
Cougars have large home ranges, where they prey upon rather large animals.
Cougars have large home ranges.
Cougars have large ranges.
Cougars have long slender bodies and small, broad, round heads.
Cougars have long, slender bodies and small, broad, round heads.
Cougars have low slung bodies with long necks and small heads and big, long tails.
Cougars have many inherited traits they have adapted in order to survive in their environment.
Cougars have necks.
Cougars have no natural predators.
Cougars have one to five cubs at a time about two years apart.
Cougars have organs.
Cougars have power.
Cougars have ranges.
Cougars have slender bodies, long legs, and small heads with short ears.
Cougars have some ability to self-regulate their population.
Cougars have their own territory or private hunting area, called a home range.
Cougars have toes.
Cougars inhabit areas.
Cougars inhabit common areas.
Cougars inhabit geographic areas.
Cougars inhabit terrains.
Cougars instinctively attack running prey.
Cougars kill about a deer a week.
Cougars kill bighorn sheep.
Cougars kill coyotes.
Cougars kill deer.
Cougars kill prey.
Cougars kill sheep.
Cougars live along the westcoast of the United States, including California and New Mexico.
Cougars live from Canada to the southern tip of Central America.
Cougars live in regions.
Cougars live in the mountains and forests far from people .
Cougars live in the mountains and forests far from people.
Cougars live over years.
Cougars look like cats.
Cougars make a variety of sounds such as chirps, growls, purrs, and hisses.
Cougars make the basket.
Cougars make their dens in rocky ledges, dense thickets and under uprooted trees.
Cougars mark boundaries.
Cougars mark territory boundaries.
Cougars mate in late winter.
Cougars occur throughout Washington where suitable cover and prey are found.
Cougars play an important role in maintaining ecosystem health in Utah.
Cougars pose threats.
Cougars prefer regions.
Cougars prefer smaller prey.
Cougars prefer their own company except during mating season when they have cubs.
Cougars prey on cattle.
Cougars prey on domestic cattle.
Cougars primarily prey on deer.
Cougars pursue prey.
Cougars range from northwestern Canada to Patagonia, South America.
Cougars range from rocky mountains to scrubby deserts, wherever prey can be found.
Cougars reach maturity.
Cougars reach sexual maturity.
Cougars receive sound through their ears.
Cougars rely on short bursts of speed to ambush their prey.
Cougars Remain No.
Cougars resemble cats.
Cougars resemble domestic cats.
Cougars roam widely in search of prey.
Cougars search for territory.
Cougars sink teeth.
Cougars stalk animals.
Cougars stalk their prey .
Cougars stalk their prey and then ambush it by leaping from the ground or from a tree.
Cougars stalk their prey.
Cougars step up marketing Looks like the issue of stadium expansion has cropped up again.
Cougars successfully maneuver in alpine habitats and even attack adults.
Cougars take advantage of steep canyons and rocks for protection and food.
Cougars take first.
Cougars tend to grow larger the further they live from the equator.
Cougars turn up in backyards, kill house pets, and stalk people.
Cougars typically hunt between dusk and dawn.
Cougars vary considerably in size and weight throughout their range.
Cougars win title behind running game .
Cougars often remain in the area of a kill for several days.
Cougars often show curiosity toward human activities without behaving aggressively.
Cougars often sound like a woman screaming in pain.
Cougars often store uneaten food in caches, covered with dirt, to be eaten later.
Cougars usually live to be eleven years old.
Most cougars attack domestic animals.
Most cougars drag prey.
Most cougars drink water.
Most cougars eat animals.
Most cougars eat creatures.
Most cougars eat deer.
Most cougars eat herbivores.
Most cougars eat meat.
Most cougars exist in density.
Most cougars feed on prey.
Most cougars follow deer.
Most cougars grasp necks.
Most cougars have blue eyes.
Most cougars have classifications.
Most cougars have eyes.
Most cougars have kittens.
Most cougars have large home ranges.
Most cougars have large ranges.
Most cougars have necks.
Most cougars have organs.
Most cougars have power.
Most cougars have ranges.
Most cougars have toes.
Most cougars inhabit areas.
Most cougars inhabit common areas.
Most cougars inhabit geographic areas.
Most cougars inhabit terrains.
Most cougars kill bighorn sheep.
Most cougars kill deer.
Most cougars kill prey.
Most cougars kill sheep.
Most cougars live in regions.
Most cougars live over years.
Most cougars look like cats.
Most cougars mark territory boundaries.
Most cougars pose threats.
Most cougars prefer regions.
Most cougars prefer to avoid human beings.
Most cougars prey on cattle.
Most cougars prey on domestic cattle.
Most cougars pursue prey.
Most cougars reach maturity.
Most cougars reach sexual maturity.
Most cougars resemble cats.
Most cougars resemble domestic cats.
Most cougars search for territory.
Most cougars sink teeth.
Some cougars adapt to environments.
Some cougars are killed by conservation officers.
Some cougars are killed by hunters.
Some cougars are killed by officers.
Some cougars are solid black.
Some cougars attack humans.
Some cougars become mothers.
Some cougars bring down deer.
Some cougars compete for resources.
Some cougars die from diseases.
Some cougars follow populations.
Some cougars have digits.
Some cougars have enemies.
Some cougars have natural enemies.
Some cougars have tolerance.
Some cougars kill coyotes.
Some cougars kill keepers.
Some cougars kill wolves.
Some cougars live in areas.
Some cougars prey on deer.
Some cougars prey on livestock.
Some cougars remain in vicinities.
Some cougars require homes.
Some cougars result in death.
Some cougars use heavy tails.
Some cougars use tails.
Most cough drops have no effect on the cough-producing process.
Cough headaches occur at ages.
Cough medicine can trigger hacking and wheezing.
Cough medicine is medicine.
Some cough medicines contain mixtures of expectorants and antitussives.
Cough suppressants decrease the frequency and intensity of a cough.
Cough syrups containing expectorants also help bring up the phlegm.
Some cough syrups can also cause a false positive.
A cough is a symptom
Cough brings on bursting headache.
Cough causes burning in larynx and bronchi.
Cough comes on during sleep, from dryness and constriction of larynx.
Cough draw amid none persian rugs.
Cough drops and lozenges relieve coughs and soothe sore throat pain.
Cough drops can soothe an irritated throat, but have no effect on the coght producing mechanism.
Cough drops can soothe an irritated throat.
Cough drops provide moisture and ease coughing.
Cough isa symptom.
Cough look Stretch below a memory without an opposite.
Cough save from any Easter otherwise return new baby gift basket.
Cough spreads colds and other infections from one person to another.
Coughs are accompanied by fevers.
Coughs are caused by smoke.
Coughs are caused by viruses.
Coughs are exhalation.
Coughs are illnesses.
Coughs are part of respiratory diseases.
Coughs are symptoms.
Coughs associate with acute illnesses.
Coughs associate with illnesses.
Coughs come in two varieties-acute and chronic.
Coughs create airway inflammation.
Coughs create inflammation.
Coughs create persistent airway inflammation.
Coughs create persistent inflammation.
Coughs last for weeks.
Coughs make inflammation.
Coughs occur for many reasons, and they sound different.
Coughs occurring because of allergic or cancerous conditions are frequently dry and nonproductive.
Coughs produce brown mucuses.
Coughs produce mucuses.
Every cough jars the affected joint.
Most coughs are accompanied by fevers.
Most coughs are caused by smoke.
Most coughs are caused by viruses.
Most coughs are contagious.
Most coughs are due to viruses.
Most coughs are worse from lying down, and few remedies have amelioration from lying.
Most coughs come from simple viral infections, such as the common cold .
Most coughs create airway inflammation.
Most coughs create inflammation.
Most coughs create persistent airway inflammation.
Most coughs create persistent inflammation.
Most coughs make inflammation.
Most coughs produce brown mucuses.
Some coughs are part of asthma.
Some coughs are part of emphysema.
Some coughs are part of flu.
Some coughs are part of influenza.
Some coughs are part of pneumonia.
Some coughs cause inflammation.
Some coughs occur more commonly at night.
Some coughs persist for weeks.
Some coughs sound moist and others are harsh and dry.
Coulomb forces are the electric charges between particles.
Coulombic force is one of the principal forces involved in atomic reactions.
Coulombic forces dominate the interaction of the dust grains in the heliosphere.
Coulombic repulsion causes the electrons to occupy antipodal sites within the cell.
A coulter is a wedge
Coulter blades slice through residue.
Coulter talks about a post-encephalitic syndrome.
Coulters are probably the least-cost stabilizing device available.
Coumarin crystals are visible under the epidermis of the seed.
Coun- tries can get better.
Council decision is pending on that project.
Council decisions are final.
Council executives participate in major international trade shows. . . .
Council fees vary and each council has a different way of charging.
Council housing is a major public asset which needs to be maintained and modernised.
A council member is a member
Council member is elected from each of the four districts each year.
Council member proposes an amendment to create a historic residential district.
Council members advise the staff is through small group discussion.
Council members agree d to address problems on individual campuses on a campus by campus basis.
Council members agree that it probably has been underutilized.
Council members are also active on committees affecting staff employees.
Council members are also dance event coordinators, who oversee and produce the dances.
Council members are available during their regular office hours to hear any issues.
Council members are elected to their positions, therefore they expect intense scrutiny.
Council members are eligible for reappointment.
Council members are honest with each other about their feelings and ideas.
Council members are individuals with disabilities and parents of children with disabilities.
Council members are leaders in business, education, and civic organizations.
Council members are leaders in the fight for a safe America.
Council members are limited to two consecutive terms of four years each.
Council members are limited to two four-year terms.
Council members are local volunteers from all occupations and vocations.
Council members are members.
Council members are mentors, role models and advocates for women on campus.
Council members are now off the hook.
Council members are politically accountable to their national parliaments.
Council members are primarily people with disabilities and parents of children with disabilities.
Council members are public members or legislators, appointed to serve for two year terms.
Council members are responsible for the entire adjudicative record.
Council members are subject to removal by their appropriate constituency.
Council members are to be elected annually.
Council members are to discuss the report next week.
Council members are to review and comment on proposed changes.
Council members are unpaid volunteers, but have travel expenses reimbursed.
Council members are volunteers and serve three-year terms.
Council members are volunteers appointed by the governor.
Council members are welcome to attend.
Council members argue that they've been rushed on the issue.
Council members attend a minimum of nine meetings per year.
Council members attend four meetings each year.
Council members believe that the event is a meaningful first for veterinary research.
Council members can attend neighborhood meetings for input.
Council members can be a valuable source of input.
Council members can be valuable source of input.
Council members can benefit the most from written comments submitted in advance of the meeting.
Council members can change relationships by voting.
Council members can pull any items from the consent agenda for discussion if they want to.
Council members can remind other employees that it is tax-deductible.
Council members can serve a maximum of four consecutive two-year terms.
Council members can turn on and off their microphone as desired.
Council members can update their own information.
Council members can work the table for project hours.
Council members come and go.
Council members come from a variety of professions throughout North Carolina.
Council members come from across the State and reflect the wide range of women's interest's.
Council members come from major administrative, academic and student groups.
Council members come from many different backgrounds and have a wide range of interests.
Council members come to every council meeting.
Council members come to their chapter or committee meetings when they are supposed to.
Council members conduct their first budget workshops in two weeks.
Council members consist of six members elected for staggered three-year terms.
Council members consist of two county commissioners one judge, business people and school personnel.
Council members consult the city attorney on ethical questions.
Council members decide to begin planning for a new building.
Council members deserve more pay because they spend so much time on the job.
Council members differ on their recollections of the vote.
Council members discuss issues, ask questions, and give staff direction on how to proceed.
Council members disperse funds, appoint committees, and carry out the work of the program.
Council members donate their time and expertise.
Council members elect a president for a one-year term.
Council members elect their mayor.
Council members encourage all freshmen to attend.
Council members expect to have to frequently revise it in the future.
Council members feel free to speak during the meetings.
Council members feel the program is a good community effort.
Council members forswear attempts to advance organizational progress by such methods.
Council members get important information in time to think about and react.
Council members get placards for their cars to let parking enforcement officers know they're exempt.
Council members have a blank slate.
Council members have a right to ask fair questions about what they're being asked to do.
Council members have a week to vote on the amendments.
Council members have access to the city's motor pool only for city business.
Council members have access to the city's motor pool, but only for city business.
Council members have an important role to play in highway location determinations.
Council members have an opportunity to include one question in the survey.
Council members have lunch next door.
Council members have plenty of chances to learn about important ideas and problems.
Council members have quite different, and sometimes opposing, views.
Council members have the thankless job of responding to complaints from residents.
Council members have various backgrounds, which is beneficial in meeting the needs of our citizens.
Council members help plan and carryout a citywide talent show and art exhibit.
Council members hold policy making and legislative authority.
Council members hope if the pets get lost, they can be traced back to their owners.
Council members know that citizens also have solutions.
Council members maintain frequent contact through the use of a listserve.
Council members maintain office space at the location indicated beside their name.
Council members make all the arrangements for the activities.
Council members meet in a conference room to eat lunch together.
Council members meet three times a year.
Council members occupy an important position in the science and technology arena in Kentucky.
Council members occupy positions of public trust.
Council members participate in service projects as well as spirit projects on campus.
Council members participate in that development in several ways.
Council members participate in the important programs described below.
Council members participate in training sessions on advocacy, media relations, and public policy.
Council members pay a nominal per capita membership fee to receive our services at cost.
Council members perceive bodies in the audience and speakers as voters.
Council members pick the new mayor.
Council members plan to discuss renewing the expired contract during the next meeting.
Council members poll students to plan activities, purchases, and future endeavors.
Council members provide consultation to librarians and nurses throughout the country.
Council members provide increased acces- sibility by transporting patients to and from the office.
Council members provide the same services advisory committees offer.
Council members read and study each proposal carefully before they receive the written staff review.
Council members receive all materials electronically.
Council members receive no compensation for their efforts.
Council members remain divided about the best use of the land.
Council members remain divided over the issue.
Council members reports.
Council members represent a number of agencies, organizations and universities.
Council members represent ideas and voice of youth in the community.
Council members represent many different colleges and disciplines.
Council members represent many different specialties.
Council members represent one of three general interest categories.
Council members represent public, academic, school, special libraries and library users.
Council members represent the ideas and voice of youth in Benton Franklin Counties.
Council members represent their individual communities as well as the entire tribal membership.
Council members represent various industries and come from businesses large and small.
Council members represent various program areas, geographic locations, and audience groups.
Council members reside in and are elected from separate single-member districts.
Council members run on a non-partican ticket.
Council members say rows of boxes along the curb cause clutter.
Council members say some protesters are upset because of budget cuts the council has undertaken.
Council members say that they are looking forward to some rest.
Council members say that they've heard from hundreds of people about problems with voting.
Council members say they want more information.
Council members seek to identify resources available to communities.
Council members select a new mayor every two years.
Council members serve a five-year term.
Council members serve a four year term.
Council members serve a four-year term and there are no term limits.
Council members serve a four-year term.
Council members serve a seven-year term, the sixth of which they become society president.
Council members serve a three-year term and meet every spring and fall.
Council members serve a three-year term.
Council members serve a two-year term and can serve more than once.
Council members serve concurrent four year terms and are elected on a non-partisan basis.
Council members serve for a term of five years.
Council members serve for four years, unless they are completing unfinished terms.
Council members serve for four-year staggered terms.
Council members serve for one year with elections occurring in the fifth term of each year.
Council members serve for staggered three-year terms.
Council members serve for three years.
Council members serve for three-year terms.
Council members serve for two year staggered terms.
Council members serve four year terms.
Council members serve four year, staggered terms.
Council members serve four-year staggered terms.
Council members serve four-year terms, which are staggered.
Council members serve four-year terms.
Council members serve in advisory capacity.
Council members serve on one prize committee each year.
Council members serve one-year terms.
Council members serve six-year terms.
Council members serve staggered four-year terms and the mayor is elected every two years.
Council members serve staggered four-year terms.
Council members serve staggered three-year terms with two council people elected every year.
Council members serve staggered three-year terms.
Council members serve staggered two-year terms, with about half rotating off each year.
Council members serve the schools.
Council members serve three-year terms and are elected by district.
Council members serve three-year terms and meet two times a year.
Council members serve three-year, staggered terms.
Council members serve two year terms, expiring on staggered years.
Council members serve two-year terms of office on a rotating basis.
Council members serve two-year terms.
Council members serve voluntary three-year terms.
Council members serve without financial compensation, but are reimbursed for travel costs.
Council members serve without pay but are eligible for reimbursement of travelling expenses.
Council members serve without salary but are reimbursed travel expenses.
Council members share resources and engage in cooperative programs.
Council members sit in the hot seat right now.
Council members spend a lot of hours away from family and jobs.
Council members spend a lot of their time meeting with citizens.
Council members spend a lot of time and personal dollars.
Council members sponsor their own bills.
Council members stay in office for two years.
Council members supply hospitality and refreshments.
Council members support funding to purchase an updated student information system.
Council members take an updated look at the new city hall design.
Council members talk of late-evening calls from complaining citizens.
Council members vote immediately following the interviews.
Council members welcome Ethiopia's acceptance of the agreement.
Council members wonder why people are upset.
Council members work as a team to help gather resources needed for educational programs.
Council members work hard, but only as hard as they want.
Council members work in virtually every part of the museum.
Council members work part-time.
Council members work to keep our representatives informed of the concerns of local business.
All council members agree to take responsibility for the health of the council and the community.
All council members are members of the committees.
All council members are residents of the state.
All council members are residents of their ward in the borough.
All council members bring their own life experiences and work experiences to the debate.
All council members can vote, and a majority vote of members present at the meeting is required.
All council members have expertise and experience in various aspects of adolescent health.
All council members have regular office hours.
All council members represent single member districts.
All council members serve four-year terms.
All council members serve terms of four years.
All council members work strictly on a volunteer basis.
Any council member can request a day's delay on a vote, and China almost always does.
Every council member has the chance to talk about ideas and plans in meetings.
Every council member is eligible for nomination and election as an officer of the council.
Many council members are very receptive to input from other agents in their area.
Most council members are people with disabilities or family members.
Most council members make few written requests for information.
Most council members remain supportive of the concept.
Most council members seem less than eager to talk about the proposal.
Some council members accompany members.
Some council members argue that Troupe gives too harsh an accounting.
Some council members consider the price too high.
Some council members do experience financial hardship.
Some council members have chronic illnesses with frequent hospitalizations.
Some council members take a dim view of the notion.
Councils of elders govern towns and villages.
Council of Governments are also active in the region.
Council of Governments houses a comprehensive mapping system with electronic maps of the region.
Council of ministers is collectively responsible to legislative assembly of the state.
Councils of war have no value but to decide between two or several doubtful courses.
Council Rock can only hope the similarities continue over the next three weeks.
Council Rock is always tough.
A council tax is a land tax
Council tax is a property tax containing a personal element.
Council tax is reduced if one adult lives alone.
Council tax is worked out on a daily basis.
Council taxs are property taxs.
Council tenants pay no rent or very little rent.
All council tenants can ask to be put on the transfer list.
A council is an unit
Council accepts policy change.
Council account each month.
Council adopt a resolution approving the agreement.
Council adopts the annual budget as well as reviewing the Annual Reports.
Council adopts the Terms of Reference for the Communities in Bloom Steering Committee.
Council agrees study of elem.
Council aims to provide adequate and appropriate places for internment and quiet remembrance.
Council allows candidates to hide their views.
Council allows workers in the adoption arena to meet for discussions of problems.
Council anticipates the possibility of one or two additional course proposals for the middle core.
Council appoints an administrative manager.
Council appoints two members to the library board.
Council appreciates all input from residents on all issues.
Council appreciates that service.
Council approves a model CPA law.
Council approves annual program.
Council approves new setbacks for single residential buildings and medium density developments.
Council approves plan to buy alternative energy for all municipal needs.
Council approves policies, strategy, budgets and major funding decisions.
Council approves the design of all street widening.
Council approves the final assessment roll by ordinance.
Council approves, then enacts the by-law.
Council arranges for the plaque and placement of ashes.
Council assumes responsibility after that time.
Council authorizes the committees, including their scope and membership.
Council calls meeting of all affected owners.
Council can also monitor service delivery levels.
Council can also offer information about any planning proposals likely to affect an area.
Council can also provide a financial carrot to landholders to protect and manage their bushland.
Council can appoint.
Council can discuss the options and make choices based on various priorities.
Council can either vote to accept all of it, or none of it.
Council can provide an efficient and cost effective way of delivering block grants.
Council can recommend cuts, increases or approve the budget as is.
Council can set very high standards if they're willing to budget for it.
Council claims that anybody can be a member.
Council conduct a public hearing, receive public testimony and adopt Resolution No.
Council conduct a public hearing, receive public testimony and consider adopting Resolution No.
Council considers that such docking is unethical.
Council considers the proposed legislation an intervention into the affairs of universities.
Council considers the request.
Council consists of nine members elected by district by the city of Pittsburgh voters.
Council consists of the president of every organization, club, and affiliation on campus.
Council continue to develop policy on all ethical issues.
Council continues discussion on the policy.
Council continues to encourage owners to voluntarily register their suites.
Council continues to seek similar arrangements.
Council continues to work with the agricultural community to address crop damage due to deer.
Council creates special accounts for a specific purposes.
Council deadlocks on vote to eliminate two playfields.
Council decides to vote on the issue in two parts.
Council denies racism The district council enthusiastically embraced the idea of the wall.
Council determines which projects are to be let out for bid.
Council develops final recommendation on case issues.
Council discuss dates and by motion schedule meetings.
Council discusses buying uniforms for Police.
Council discusses capital improvement plan.
Council discusses the most important problems of the interstate statistical cooperation.
Council does have the ability to remove a recommendation made by the commission.
Council does require decent facilites.
Council does want to cure the problems.
Council elects chair from among membership.
Council elects chair.
Council elects to wait on committee report.
Council enables all hot issues to be fully engaged, in the process of learning to create the future.
Council encourages backyard composting.
Council encourages the development of responsible statewide-motorized vehicle organizations.
Council evaluates candidates running to fill vacancies in both countywide and subcircuit elections.
Council exists to serve students.
Council focuses on diverse groups of youth in all geographic locales.
Council focuses on raising money .
Council gets better cooperation and information because the city manager is their employee.
Council gives OK to plan, which includes urban-growth boundary.
Council hears special use requests in a quasi-judicial setting.
Council helps students .
Council helps to provide the manpower and support that is needed for passage of school levies.
Council hold public hearing and adopt Resolution No.
Council holds meetings when necessary but at least twice a year.
Council holds public hearing and makes decision.
Council holds regular meetings twice each month at city hall.
Council holds regular monthly meetings.
Council holds the bond until all the works have been satisfactorily completed.
Council hopes to implement a road strategy over the next three to five years.
Council implements the rank of Sergeant.
Council intends closing site to cut costs.
Council invites participation and communication at the grass roots level.
Council invoices students for all relevant university arranged housing costs.
Council is accessible by telephone and electronic mail.
Council is always keen to support local business.
Council is busy planning more activities for the upcoming month.
Council is good about getting money to the programs.
Council is in the process of purchasing portable smoke alarms.
Council is keen for input from Australian artists and arts organisations.
Council is responsible for controlling and maintaining stormwater systems.
Council is still very liberal by any reasonable standards.
Council is to be complimented for keeping the facility in West Vancouver.
Council isa organization.
Council lays experimental area of bitumen.
Council leases the PCs to ensure continuous improvement of workstations.
Council likes campus center because it is safe and homey.
Council likes the idea, but it faces a yearlong process for permits and zoning.
Council mandates a negotiating delegation to prepare an agreement with the relevant organizations.
Council meets annually.
Council meets at least annually.
Council meets at least once a year.
Council meets every two weeks and the meetings are open for any students to attend.
Council meets every two weeks during the academic year, and once a month during the summer months.
Council meets every two weeks during the school year, and every three weeks during the summer.
Council meets formally four times a year.
Council meets in open session and the public is encouraged to attend.
Council meets monthly to consider all applications made in the preceding period.
Council meets regularly to plan and manage BCNU business, and to set policy.
Council meets regularly with safety unions.
Council meets ten times a year.
Council meets three times a year during the years between meetings of the General Convention.
Council meets twice a year.
Council meets weekly on a rotating schedule during the scho ol day.
Council needs to fight for the residents.
Council needs to make additional changes to clarify.
Council needs to thinks about some of the revitalization programs.
Council now needs to select a new acting mayor.
Council obtains any necessary permits.
Council offers a variety of semester, summer, and academic year study abroad programs.
Council offers great international and domestic ticket prices.
Council offers recommendations on the federal appeals courts.
Council offers study abroad opportunities of two basic types.
Council operates in a smoke free environment and is an equal opportunity employer.
Council operates in a smoke-free environment and is an equal opportunity employer.
Council oversees and advises on Citywide diversity implementation.
Council passes motion opposing the hooding of master's recipients during graduation ceremony.
Council passes motion to terminate centralized registration.
Council passes or refuses to pass by-law.
Council passes recommended changes.
Council passes statement for undergraduate and graduate students.
Council passes the ordinance.
Council pick up cyclist s litter.
Council places U.S. residents only .
Council plans to channel profits from the venture into local schools.
Council plans to discuss amending the flood plain section of the zoning ordinance.
Council plays an important role various areas.
Council produces numerous discussion papers, pamphlets and publications.
Council proposes to allow subdivision of land.
Council provides for pedestrians in many ways, such as building footpaths and installing lighting.
Council provides water supply, sewerage and a range of other local government services.
Council purchases a bull.
Council puts off major decision on fate of tenants at mobile home park.
Council receives bids for new street lights.
Council receives funds from the program when a percentage of the student body signs up for the card.
Council recognises that attendance involve considerable costs.
Council recommends a moratorium on the establishment of new depository libraries.
Council recommends only.
Council recommends that the membership approve the proposed changes.
Council rejects such a division as a criterion for determining grades, as proposed in the report.
Council requests provincial government to change the Vancouver Charter to allow elections by wards.
Council requests that members interested in hosting a course submit a proposal in the near future.
Council requires a further week to make a decision.
Council requires mandatory trash service as part of the improvement of the community.
Council reserves the power to enforce any and all rules.
Council reserves the right to adjust fees at any time.
Council reserves the right to alter or remove any material or information without notice.
Council reserves the right to consider any matter out of sequence.
Council reserves the right to limit the length of individual comments.
Council reviews interim financial reports each time it meets.
Council runs a weekly garbage pickup service.
Council runs childhood immunisation clinics each month.
Council runs regular childhood immunisation clinics.
Council seeks federal probe.
Council seeks resignation of government official.
Council sees decoupling to have advantages to members.
Council selects chair.
Council selects executive director.
Council selects one public member and one designated member to serve as cochairs.
Council sends applicable visa application forms with instructions to participants.
Council sends dogs packing.
Council sends notice of passage of by-law.
Council serves as a policy making body and as the budget committee of the Presbytery.
Council spends thousands of dollars cleaning up litter which, ultimately, is paid by the ratepayers.
Council standing committees conduct oversight hearings on government operation.
Council standing committees meet twice a month on regularly scheduled days.
Council stays with lobbyists Meet the new lobbyists.
Council supports preserving and promoting street car heritage.
Council take place about every two weeks, less in third term.
Council teens about nutrition and activity issues at local high schools.
Council votes a motion to designate members of each committee.
Council wants companies to tow to a storage facility within the city limits.
Council wants pedestrians to use the sidewalks without fear of being harassed by panhandlers.
Council wants to know.
Council wants to see the super majority replaced with a simple majority.
Council weighs in on a deer population control program.
Council wishes happy holidays to all.
Council wishes to establish various procedures and requirements under that authority.
Council wishes to move allotments on to a smaller site to enable a new village hall to be built.
Council wishes to move from a reactive to proactive strategy in developing position statements.
Council works directly with employee and company managers to resolve the case issues.
Councils also get money from state and federal government.
Councils also have free newsletters that list programs for the upcoming month.
Councils also have the power to impose lower speed restrictions than the national limit.
Councils also have the right to review and veto any legislation affecting traditions and customs.
Councils also make planning decisions which affect bushland.
Councils also preserve historic places.
Councils are a governance body, but so is the school board.
Councils are administrative units.
Councils are advisory to the pastor but have no legislative or administrative authority.
Councils are also able to promote flood prevention schemes.
Councils are among the most pervasive and significant expressions of the ecumenical movement.
Councils are assemblies.
Councils are clearly ready and willing to learn from others on how to deliver services better.
Councils are free to make additional copies for further distribution within their councils.
Councils are groups of chapters within an area.
Councils are located in city halls.
Councils are meetings.
Councils are no strangers to employment tribunals.
Councils are now big business.
Councils are organizations.
Councils are responsible for regulating health and building standards for all the community.
Councils are truly grassroots.
Councils are used for judgement.
Councils are used for meetings.
Councils are used for talking.
Councils arrange for rubbish to be collected and for waste to be recycled.
Councils bear the cost of transport and disposal of rubbish collected.
Councils build and repair roads and provide some car parks.
Councils call for an end to water fluoridation .
Councils can apply for Beacon status in up to a maximum of three themes.
Councils can be supporters of the program as well as being there for brainstorming and evaluating.
Councils can choose to have chairs or designated representatives attend the monthly meetings.
Councils can control airport noise through their district plans.
Councils can do much today to reform, and many councils have begun to modernise themselves already.
Councils can give fishermen access to larger harvests if they have shown they reduce bycatch.
Councils can help facilitate growth of knowledge in the medias in their own communities.
Councils can help parishioners prepare for the shortage of priests.
Councils can reduce bycatch by banning fishing in areas where there are lots of non-target species.
Councils can tell union officials how to conduct their work for their sector.
Councils can work jointly through jointly created committees.
Councils consist of members.
Councils cover all areas, from administrative duties to public relations functions.
Councils decide on the correct amount to be given.
Councils do pastoral planning by studying problems and recommending solutions.
Councils elect a senior consul and a junior consul.
Councils elected by universal suffrage govern most towns.
Councils exist to take care of any indefinite-term tasks, such as finance and publicity.
Councils have a leading role in emergency planning at the local level.
Councils have a new duty to prevent homelessness.
Councils have a responsibility, but so has everyone else.
Councils have an important economic and social role in the development of responsible pet ownership.
Councils have an important job to do in delivering local services.
Councils have an interest to stand up and fight for local economies.
Councils have Area plans that define their local goals and objectives and priorities.
Councils have authority to set policy in such areas as instructional programs, hiring, and budget.
Councils have obligation.
Councils have outreach workers who can help with care management and crisis intervention.
Councils have power.
Councils have powers to issue a notice for many of the offensive noise problems in the community.
Councils have the opportunity to be flexible.
Councils have the right to examine finances.
Councils hear update on academic integrity.
Councils help with registration fees.
Councils identify their own projects.
Councils implements boundaries and names on signposting, rates database etc.
Councils intervene with state legislators to keep public services out of private hands.
Councils keep up the great work.
Councils know the state was waiting for a reply from the commonwealth.
Councils lobby local politicians on issues of concern.
Councils make policy decisions about issues such as curriculum, discipline, technology, and budget.
Councils meet at least twice each year.
Councils meet on a quarterly basis.
Councils occur in a circle, and in a circle, one can see everyone's eyes, and all are equal.
Councils offer advice to the school principal on a number of topics.
Councils offer classes and activities like walking groups, yoga and dance.
Councils offer classes on topics such as computers and crafts.
Councils operate in two ways.
Councils predict up to a four-fold surge in their populations.
Councils protect their own turf.
Councils provide a means for sharing policy development with a broader group of participants.
Councils provide invaluable opportunities for networking and leadership development.
Councils provide manpower for state summer and winter games.
Councils provide students with opportunities for leadership, budget management, and service.
Councils provide volunteers for both local and state events.
Councils serve the clubs.
Councils still think of themselves as agencies of social welfare.
Councils stretch and maximize the dollars they receive through extensive use of volunteers.
Councils try to make decisions on planning applications within two months.
Councils vary greatly in size, from a few dozen members to hundreds.
Councils vary in the way they approach their tasks.
Councils vary in their effectiveness and independence.
Councils often borrow money for major projects.
Councils often find that it is impossible to resist demands for such systems.
Councils often serve both legislative and executive functions.
Councils sometimes swap memberships with other non-profits.
Councils usually have areas for parks, swimming pools and tennis courts.
Councils usually have houses or flats for rent.
Councils usually meet twice during the academic year.
Councils usually oppose such permission.
Councils usually try to settle objections to local plans by negotiating with everyone involved.
All councils are open to HRRA members and there is no additional cost to sign up.
All councils can access data banks of all facilitation boards and all other councils.
All councils charge a fee for the service.
All councils employ engineering staff.
Many councils also plan community projects and receive grants for larger jobs.
Many councils are aware of the benefits of cotton nappies.
Many councils contribute to the school's financial needs.
Many councils have a ceremonial mayor who normally chairs council meetings.
Many councils have Jewish committees on Scouting which are eager to provide assistance.
Many councils look like falling back on reuse of waste and recycling as the best available options.
Many councils now operate in-house legal practices along commercial lines.
Many councils opt to limit dog walking to certain beaches and to certain times of the day.
Many councils prohibit the keeping of the larger parrots due to noise.
Many councils regularly consult and involve their tenants in how their homes are managed.
Many councils spend above the government's recommended amount for schools.
Most councils add the charge on to the membership fee for the state council.
Most councils also charge event fees at each of their programs.
Most councils also provide help with tax forms and filing for fuel assistance.
Most councils appear to be inactive.
Most councils consist of members.
Most councils have a council shop.
Most councils have membership categories for individuals and companies.
Most councils have more than one individual membership category.
Most councils have obligation.
Most councils have one that posts the officer reports, meeting minutes, and other information.
Most councils have power.
Most councils meet three or four times annually, with committees meeting more frequently.
Most councils provide a housing advice service.
Some councils advise parents.
Some councils also offer insurance information.
Some councils also provide access to the program to other local youth and adult groups.
Some councils are also involved with research projects relevant to their areas of responsibility.
Some councils are more developed than others.
Some councils are newly developing while others have served their communities for many decades.
Some councils brainstorm for names as a group and then reach consensus through discussion.
Some councils consist of consultants.
Some councils employ youth officers , recreation officers and community liaison officers.
Some councils formally elect the members of local road service areas.
Some councils have a building, others operate out of their presidents' homes.
Some councils have additional memberships in order to reach a wider audience.
Some councils have camping equipment for rent and conduct training in the skills of family camping.
Some councils have one or more full-time staff and provide a broad range of prevention services.
Some councils have restrictions on housing owner occupiers or people from outside the area.
Some councils have special heritage LEPs.
Some councils individually come up with names and then compare lists as a group.
Some councils lack broad-based representation by stakeholder groups.
Some councils offer a currency converter on their Web site.
Some councils provide a homepage, giving further information about their part of West Sussex.
Some councils return part of their remuneration to their institutions.
Some councils then redisplay the draft from a further commentary period.
Some councils turn attention.
Some councils use information.
Some councils utilize satellite technology to broadcast training to leaders in rural areas.
Councilist movement spreads with councils being formed spontaneously throughout the country.
A councillor is a member
Councillors also colelct garden waste and use shredders and large bins to compose the material.
Councillors are committed to improving their communication skills.
Councillors are fully aware of the existence of the press.
Councillors are the elected representatives of the community.
Councillors are to be apolitical and non-partisan.
Councillors are to be asked for their views.
Councillors attend too many council meetings.
Councillors can claim expenses and allowances but receive no pay.
Councillors can dial-in from home to pick up the latest meeting minutes.
Councillors can make a formal objection.
Councillors can still make changes before the budget is approved at the end of the month.
Councillors carry out their duties on a voluntary basis, and usually have full time jobs.
Councillors decide policy and spending matters in council and committee meetings.
Councillors give local government democratic legitimacy.
Councillors have a key role in judging the strengths and weaknesses of the public's view.
Councillors have only themselves to blame.
Councillors have to be responsive to their wider electorate.
Councillors have to read a bucket-load of stuff to get prepared.
Councillors help is needed to make the connection between the researchers and each department.
Councillors operate at two levels.
Councillors provide their time free of charge, as their jobs are unpaid and strictly voluntary.
Councillors regularly attend our meetings to answer questions.
Councillors say they deserve the increase because they're working harder in a downsized council.
Councillors See individual pages Click here for lists by name and ward.
Councillors seem to be mainly concerned with finding a way of saving money on police operations.
Councillors serve a four-year term.
Councillors serve without salary.
Councillors stand as members of a political party or as independents.
Councillors welcome the opportunity to hear local people's views.
All Councillors are however responsible for making decisions regarding the whole municipality.
All Councillors are on each committee.
All councillors welcome comments from local people.
Most Councillors have other full or part-time jobs.
Most councillors represent a political party and are organised into party groups.
Some councillors believe it is the role of central government to fund youth initiatives.
Some Councillors have more influence and power than others.
A councilman is a councillor
All councilmen perform their official duties during their off-hours from their full time employment.
All councilmen serve a two-year term, with village councilmen serving staggered terms.
A councilwoman is a councillor
Councilwoman works on paying back taxes .
Counsel admits responsibility for tendering the record late.
Counsel appeals from that order.
Counsel appear before committees in election cases, however.
Counsel applicants and enrolled students with unique problems and grievances.
Counsel associates regarding performance, attendance, etc.
Counsel athletes about options for posttreatment return to play.
Counsel athletes on proper nutritional practices.
Counsel conducts investigations.
Counsel conducts reasonable investigations.
Counsel conducts voir dire.
Counsel considers assistance.
Counsel consults with experts.
Counsel filing a no merit report seeks to withdraw from the defendant's case.
Counsel has (part) adult bodies.
Counsel has (part) arms.
Counsel has (part) body substances.
Counsel has (part) cell membranes.
Counsel has (part) cells.
Counsel has (part) corpi.
Counsel has (part) cytoplasm.
Counsel has (part) heads.
Counsel has (part) legs.
Counsel has (part) necks.
Counsel has (part) nuclei.
Counsel has (part) personality.
Counsel has (part) plasma membranes.
Counsel has (part) sections.
Counsel has (part) vacuoles.
Counsel has responsibility.
Counsel have wide latitude in making their arguments to the jury.
Counsel helps choices.
Counsel helps individuals.
Counsel includes recommendations.
Counsel individuals to define and work through personal issues affecting their job performance.
Counsel individuals to determine appropriate training programs.
Counsel individuals with speech and language disorders to understand their disorder.
Counsel isa adult.
Counsel learns quickly to just say yes and no to the justices' very, very leading questions.
Counsel makes investigations.
Counsel makes such investigations.
Counsel pastors regarding their ministry to children and youth.
Counsel patients about appropriate footwear.
Counsel patients about sobriety effectively and compassionately.
Counsel patients about their current drug regimens and any changes that are made.
Counsel patients individual anxiety and queries.
Counsel patients on how to use devices.
Counsel patients to avoid the trigger activity if possible.
Counsel patients to present within a week of any relapsing symptoms.
Counsel patients to take a multivitamin to insure adequate nutrition.
Counsel pupils when adjustment and academic problems arise.
Counsel represents parties.
Counsel subordinates in proper ethical decision making.
Counsel subordinates when they step out of line.
Counsel take matter off calendar.
Counsels make sure the system runs fairly.
Counsels subordinates on work-related problems.
All counsel are to be present and prepared to discuss all relevant information.
All counsel is impartial, straightforward and solid.
Most counsel conducts investigations.
Most counsel conducts reasonable investigations.
Most counsel considers assistance.
Most counsel consults with experts.
Most counsel has responsibility.
Most counsel helps choices.
Most counsel helps individuals.
Most counsel includes recommendations.
Most counsel makes investigations.
Most counsel makes such investigations.
Most counsel represents parties.
Some counsel are either unable or unwilling to limit the issues.
Some counsel clients that it isn t really a matter of if, but when they get sued and by whom.
Some counsel demand much more than others.
Some counsel follows referrals.
Some counsel helps depressions.
Some counsel helps patients.
Some counsel helps situations.
Some counsel improves academic performance.
Some counsel improves performance.
Some counsel knows evidence.
Some counsel presents extent.
Some counsel provides parents.
Some counsel provides representations.
Counseling psychologists are counselors.
Counseling psychologists are psychologists.
Counseling psychologists do many of the same things clinical psychologists do.
Counseling psychologists do many of the same things that clinical psycholgists do.
Counseling psychologists do many of the same things that clinical psychologists do.
Counseling psychologists help people to accommodate to change or to make changes in their lifestyle.
Counseling psychologists represent a mid-point between clinical psychology and social work.
Counseling also allows couples to make informed decisions regarding amniocentesis.
Counseling also can help people who are already infected manage their illness.
Counseling also can help.
Counseling also covers the abortion procedure and birth control information.
Counseling also enables one to work on highly personal problems.
Counseling also focuses on the behavioral component.
Counseling also helps our clients reduce legal expenses.
Counseling also is available about internship choices.
Counseling also is available by telephone.
Counseling also is available for mental health academic, financial, registration, and family issues.
Counseling Ask any question related to education and careers.
Counseling basically falls into three types.
Counseling becomes a sanctioned retreat.
Counseling begins before the first drop of blood is drawn.
Counseling begins with the appropriate breed selection.
Counseling begins with the faculty responsible for a course.
Counseling can aid self exploration through clarifying interests, abilities, skills, and values.
Counseling can also be an opportunity for personal growth and development.
Counseling can also help combat the emotional distress of having a chronic illness.
Counseling can also help quitters through the rough patches.
Counseling can also help remove the emotional issues from financial and legal decision-making.
Counseling can also make a significant and positive difference.
Counseling can also take place in more structured contexts.
Counseling can assist students in effectively confronting and coping with uncertainty and conflict.
Counseling can assist students to accomplish their goals.
Counseling can be a great aid in such a process.
Counseling can be a process of honesty.
Counseling can be a real help.
Counseling can be a useful and positive tool for students.
Counseling can be a valuable resource for advocacy and support for students with a disability.
Counseling can be an effective tool in the disciplinary process.
Counseling can be an excellent tool to promote communication and problem solving when issues arise.
Counseling can be an integral part of one's individual growth and learning process.
Counseling can be brief.
Counseling can be critical to regaining one s emotional balance following a sexual assault.
Counseling can be critical to regaining one's emotional balance following a sexual assault.
Counseling can be very beneficial to some and very painful to others.
Counseling can be very helpful if both partners participate to rebuild trust.
Counseling can benefit both caretaker and patient.
Counseling can bring harmony and love to a marriage again.
Counseling can bring relief to sufferers.
Counseling can go on for a few weeks or a year or more.
Counseling can have many benefits and can lead to personal growth.
Counseling can help a man reduce anxiety about sexual functioning and body image issues.
Counseling can help a person develop a plan to help resolve or deal with personal problems.
Counseling can help as well.
Counseling can help ensure a soft landing when couples fall out of love .
Counseling can help families build on their strengths and deal with their difficulties.
Counseling can help healthy people positively adjust and grow through tough times.
Counseling can help individuals get at the root of the problem.
Counseling can help make that bridge to other people.
Counseling can help patients avoid high-risk behavior.
Counseling can help people initiate and sustain condom use.
Counseling can help people learn more effectively and efficiently.
Counseling can help people resolve difficulties and better understand themselves and others.
Counseling can help people who suffer from depression to get to the root of their problems.
Counseling can help reduce future risk and care can promote longer and healthier lives.
Counseling can help students modify behaviors and thus improve their academics.
Counseling can help the parties move through the grieving process and decide on a next step.
Counseling can help the recovery process.
Counseling can help victims gain the confidence necessary to assert their civil rights.
Counseling can help with behavior change and with support as changes are being made.
Counseling can help women who choose injectables to adapt to the side effects.
Counseling can help, and doctors can adjust prescriptions.
Counseling can help, but it can be expensive.
Counseling can help.
Counseling can make a difference.
Counseling can make it easier for such reactions to be discussed.
Counseling can offer insight and help restore a sense of realism, hope, and good humor.
Counseling can often provide helpful information about how to respond to such situations.
Counseling can often take as long as the duration of the affair.
Counseling can provide a means of learning how to achieve personal goals.
Counseling can provide current information.
Counseling can provide support during difficult periods of adjustment.
Counseling can reassure the user who is worried about amenorrhea.
Counseling can relieve emotional pain.
Counseling can sometimes help people whose insomnia is a result of poor sleep habits.
Counseling can take a number of forms.
Counseling can take place in person or by phone.
Counseling can, at times of identified risk, be mandatory.
Counseling classifieds on-line.
Counseling comes with the territory, too.
Counseling concerning reconstructive surgery, radiation implants and lumpectomies is also available.
Counseling consists of an informal effort to resolve the complaint.
Counseling continues there.
Counseling does help.
Counseling Experienced counselors offer counseling and information throughout Vermont.
Counseling Experienced counselors work closely with patients through the entire process.
Counseling Give advice to seniors in making decision related to insurance, medical problem.
Counseling goes really well with theology.
Counseling goes to the heart of abortion.
Counseling happens within a social context both for the therapist and the client.
Counseling has both benefits and risks.
Counseling has limitations, and helpful points.
Counseling helps borrowers become aware of ALL their debt management options.
Counseling helps clients make their own informed choices.
Counseling helps for professionals, clergy and parents.
Counseling helps inform couples of the testing options available.
Counseling helps our clients learn how to protect their creative expression.
Counseling helps people cope with vision loss.
Counseling helps put things in perspective.
Counseling helps Sailors realize their contributions, as well as their shortcomings.
Counseling helps students with future scheduling.
Counseling includes all methods of birth control.
Counseling includes assessment of needs, referrals to services, and coordination of on-going care.
Counseling includes individual, group, and family counseling.
Counseling includes pre and post abortion information and birth control information.
Counseling Includes professional counseling and classes such as anger management and self-esteem.
Counseling involves an initial appointment and often one or more follow-up sessions.
Counseling involves corrective behavior, and so does discipline.
Counseling involves greater interaction with the patient.
Counseling involves more than just counseling about psychological conflicts.
Counseling involves resocializing and uncovering new behavioral options.
Counseling involves using Biblical principles to find the root of problems and come to solutions.
Counseling is a broad category, encompassing a range of related job titles.
Counseling is a challenging yet extremely rewarding job.
Counseling is a collaborative effort between the counselor and client.
Counseling is a collaborative effort.
Counseling is a collaborative process between counselor and student.
Counseling is a confidential process as mandated by state law.
Counseling is a confidential process.
Counseling is a confidential relationship between student and counselor.
Counseling is a confidential service provided either on an individual basis or in a group.
Counseling is a confidential service.
Counseling is a cooperative process.
Counseling is a cooperative venture between the student and the counselor.
Counseling is a dynamic profession that requires knowledge of research issues and procedures.
Counseling is a fairly common and extensive field in the West, and is slowly picking up in India.
Counseling is a free, confidential service.
Counseling is a good launching pad to facilitate a speedier recovery.
Counseling is a good start.
Counseling is a good, worthwhile thing.
Counseling is a hot item, again.
Counseling is a journey on the the road to self discovery.
Counseling is a language intensive profession.
Counseling is a learning process that assists students in taking responsibility for their lives.
Counseling is a major emphasis within the program.
Counseling is a mandated and effective element of methadone treatment.
Counseling is a message
Counseling is a partnership.
Counseling is a place to come to discuss personal issues that our clients are dealing with.
Counseling is a process .
Counseling is a process and is likely to be most effective through an active, working partnership.
Counseling is a process beneficial to most clients of skilled counselors.
Counseling is a process rather than a lecture.
Counseling is a process that helps people work out personal, academic, or vocational problems.
Counseling is a process to help people take more effective control of their daily lives.
Counseling is a rather vague word.
Counseling is a resource that many people utilize when they want help getting unstuck.
Counseling is a skill that involves, training, practice, compassion, and patience.
Counseling is a time for nurturing.
Counseling is a tool, but it still ends up the same.
Counseling is a two-way street.
Counseling is a very broad concern.
Counseling is a very important part of the healing process.
Counseling is a very private decision.
Counseling is a worthwhile process and it takes a great deal of courage to heal.
Counseling is about negotiating a new deal, a new way to interact and make decisions.
Counseling is about the everyday concerns of students as well as more serious problems on occasion.
Counseling is also an option.
Counseling is also available by appointment during non-peak periods.
Counseling is also available for adult individuals and couples.
Counseling is also available for family members and significant others.
Counseling is also available for offenders.
Counseling is also available for participants upon request.
Counseling is also available for people just starting or thinking about starting a business.
Counseling is also available for personal issues, marital situations, and family issues.
Counseling is also available for persons interested in starting or running non-profit enterprises.
Counseling is also available for victims of sexual assault.
Counseling is also available in job seeking skills, job retention skills, and career exploration.
Counseling is also available on an individual or group basis.
Counseling is also available on external degree programs.
Counseling is also available through certification specialists in each school district.
Counseling is also available through the state vocational rehabilitation services.
Counseling is also available to all patients.
Counseling is also available to develop individual wellness plans.
Counseling is also available to friends or relatives.
Counseling is also available to landlords and tenants.
Counseling is also available to provide support.
Counseling is also available to the parents in appropriate situations.
Counseling is also available.
Counseling is also important because of the depth aspect involved.
Counseling is also necessary for the people who find that they look forward to a serious illness.
Counseling is also part of the district's policy.
Counseling is also vital for the parents.
Counseling is always a personal choice.
Counseling is always an option if significant problems develop down the road.
Counseling is always effective in reducing absentism.
Counseling is always free of charge.
Counseling is always free, and is available in English or Spanish.
Counseling is always readily available to birth parents.
Counseling is always responsive to each client's individual needs and values.
Counseling is among the first actions to be taken in response to lesser rule violations.
Counseling is an area that needs some attention.
Counseling is an essential element of our relationships with clients.
Counseling is an evolving field of study and of practice.
Counseling is an excellent resource for mothers.
Counseling is an important aspect of managing patients who have genital herpes.
Counseling is an important component of the informed consent procedure.
Counseling is an important element of quality services.
Counseling is an important part of cancer treatment.
Counseling is an important part of heroin addiction recovery.
Counseling is an important part of the healing process for the victim.
Counseling is an important part of the school curriculum.
Counseling is an important part of their support structure.
Counseling is an important provision for gifted students.
Counseling is an instrument of continues renewal through reconciliation .
Counseling is an integral component of every visit the couple makes to the clinic.
Counseling is an integral part of the high school experience.
Counseling is an interactive process in which both client and counselor participate.
Counseling is another area of importance that requires our immediate attention and action.
Counseling is another choice.
Counseling is another resource for more support.
Counseling is available and educational programs are offered.
Counseling is available and encouraged for the interested student.
Counseling is available and information on drug abuse and treatments is free at the school.
Counseling is available around illness, euthanasia and bereavement issues.
Counseling is available as needed.
Counseling is available at no cost to the student.
Counseling is available at no cost.
Counseling is available both in-office and by telephone.
Counseling is available both locally, in Seattle, and worldwide through our long distance services .
Counseling is available by appointment or by drop-in.
Counseling is available by appointment or on a drop in basis.
Counseling is available by appointment.
Counseling is available by phone as well as in office, appointment only.
Counseling is available by two psychologists who are in our office.
Counseling is available concerning risk reduction for lifestyle-related diseases.
Counseling is available daily on a drop-in basis.
Counseling is available during office hours and by appointment.
Counseling is available during regular office hours or by appointment.
Counseling is available either by phone or on-line, in a private chatroom.
Counseling is available evenings and during regular office hours.
Counseling is available for active students and personnel who formally request appointments.
Counseling is available for an individual, a couple, or a group.
Counseling is available for any adoptive family who qualifies financially.
Counseling is available for any currently enrolled full-time student.
Counseling is available for children and adults.
Counseling is available for guests who request it in advance.
Counseling is available for individual career concerns.
Counseling is available for individuals and couples.
Counseling is available for individuals, couples and families.
Counseling is available for individuals, families and groups.
Counseling is available for partners or friends.
Counseling is available for people in crisis or bereavement.
Counseling is available for personal problems, birth control, dietary, or health related needs.
Counseling is available for personal, academic, educational, occupational and financial concerns.
Counseling is available for secondary survivors too.
Counseling is available for students needing help with deciding a major or a career path.
Counseling is available for students, parents and families.
Counseling is available for the family of an identified individual.
Counseling is available for women and children and perpetrators.
Counseling is available in both English and Spanish.
Counseling is available in every case.
Counseling is available in person and by phone.
Counseling is available in person or via telephone.
Counseling is available in person, by phone, email, or teaching cassettes.
Counseling is available in person, by phone, via e-mail, and over the Internet.
Counseling is available in person, over the phone or over the internet and lasts about one hour.
Counseling is available in the areas of academic, personal, and social concerns.
Counseling is available in the form of both individual and group sessions.
Counseling is available no matter how long ago the abuse occurred.
Counseling is available on a walk-in basis and by appointment.
Counseling is available on a walk-in basis only, no appointments are necessary.
Counseling is available on a walk-in basis or by appointment.
Counseling is available on an individual, couples and group basis.
Counseling is available on-campus in both individual and group sessions.
Counseling is available online , by telephone, and in person - in Spanish and in English.
Counseling is available online, by telephone and in person - in Spanish and in English.
Counseling is available online, by telephone, and in person - in Spanish and in English.
Counseling is available online, by telephone, and in person.
Counseling is available onsite pertaining to such issues.
Counseling is available over the phone.
Counseling is available parents upon confirmation of a positive screen.
Counseling is available prior to enrollment and after graduation.
Counseling is available regarding academic majors, career choices and vocational goals.
Counseling is available regarding academic majors, career choices, and vocational goals.
Counseling is available regarding decisions about the course of a pregnancy.
Counseling is available right now either in person or over the phone.
Counseling is available through the house staff office.
Counseling is available to address illness, euthanasia and bereavement issues.
Counseling is available to all part-time students.
Counseling is available to all students and members of the college community.
Counseling is available to all students as well as appropriate treatment referral.
Counseling is available to all students experiencing personal problems.
Counseling is available to all students for a variety of issues.
Counseling is available to all students for career and academic reasons.
Counseling is available to all students who are experiencing academic concerns.
Counseling is available to all students.
Counseling is available to all victims of crime, their families and friends.
Counseling is available to any registrant.
Counseling is available to assist students to achieve their educational, career and personal goals.
Counseling is available to assist students with vocational, academic and personal decisions.
Counseling is available to assist veterans with class selection and goal setting.
Counseling is available to children at our offices.
Counseling is available to clients before, during and after the matching process.
Counseling is available to deal with the problems and fears of a visual loss.
Counseling is available to families or individuals interested in purchasing a residence.
Counseling is available to help producers.
Counseling is available to help students plan an SDSU experience to meet their individual needs.
Counseling is available to homebound seniors.
Counseling is available to students and their spouses, partners and significant others.
Counseling is available to students who have been assaulted.
Counseling is available to students with substance abuse problems.
Counseling is available to the patient and family members.
Counseling is available via email, chat room, or telephone.
Counseling is available when appropriate.
Counseling is available when classes are in session during the regular academic year.
Counseling is available, as well as social services information and referrals.
Counseling is available, with assistance offered in a wide range of issues.
Counseling is available.
Counseling is based on more than knowledge, skills and self-awareness.
Counseling is basically a form of teaching.
Counseling is both proactive and responsive.
Counseling is by appointment for one hour each.
Counseling is by appointment only.
Counseling is by appointment.
Counseling is carried out in a professional, caring manner and with utmost confidentiality.
Counseling is completed and informed consent is obtained.
Counseling is completed.
Counseling is completely confidential and voluntary on the part of students.
Counseling is completely confidential and voluntary on the part of the student.
Counseling is completely confidential.
Counseling is comprehensive and includes personal, educational, career, family and peer counseling.
Counseling is conducted in small groups or individually.
Counseling is conducted in the strictest confidence.
Counseling is conducted with strict confidentiality.
Counseling is confidential .
Counseling is confidential and explores all possible parenting options.
Counseling is confidential and free of charge.
Counseling is confidential and free to students.
Counseling is confidential and free.
Counseling is confidential and is available by phone or in person.
Counseling is confidential and no fee is charged.
Counseling is confidential and privacy is respected.
Counseling is confidential and professional.
Counseling is confidential and provided at no charge.
Counseling is confidential and there is no fee .
Counseling is confidential for all persons.
Counseling is confidential, as provided by state law and professional ethics.
Counseling is confidential, protected by law and by ethical standards.
Counseling is confidential, protected to the full extent permitted by law.
Counseling is confidential.
Counseling is considered brief with case management.
Counseling is cooperative.
Counseling is desirable.
Counseling is done by a trained genetic counselor or medical geneticist.
Counseling is done by appointment.
Counseling is done in all four locations, as well as at our clients' businesses.
Counseling is done on a confidential, one on one, appointment basis.
Counseling is done via a qualified staff of psychologists and dietitians.
Counseling is emotionally stressful.
Counseling is emphasized in each chapter and adapted to specific age groups.
Counseling is encouraged.
Counseling is excellent if people can afford it.
Counseling is expensive.
Counseling is extremely important and can be remarkably effective.
Counseling is for anyone who needs information or guidance.
Counseling is for everyday people with everyday problems.
Counseling is free and all consultations are treated with total confidentiality.
Counseling is free and confidential.
Counseling is free and strictly confidential.
Counseling is FREE and strictly confidential.
Counseling is free and the testing is very inexpensive.
Counseling is free for students.
Counseling is free of charge.
Counseling is free to students.
Counseling is free, and other services are priced at cost recovery.
Counseling is free, voluntary, and confidential.
Counseling is free.
Counseling is generally by appointment and no fee is charged.
Counseling is given and follow-up is arranged.
Counseling is good to help the person cope with their situation.
Counseling is guidance of the employee's behavior.
Counseling is hard work.
Counseling is imperative to demystify tinnitus.
Counseling is important to minimize the potential for regret.
Counseling is important when both preparing to take the test and dealing with the test results.
Counseling is in group and individual settings.
Counseling is incorporated into the model depending on the number of majors by unit.
Counseling is indicated to help prevent recurrence.
Counseling is literally education for life.
Counseling is made available to ministers and their families who are having personal difficulty.
Counseling is made possible and high quality health care becomes available.
Counseling is made possible.
Counseling is mandatory.
Counseling is meant to assist people with problems of daily living.
Counseling is much like consulting business, but it deals with emotional pain.
Counseling is much more like learning a new athletic skill.
Counseling is needed.
Counseling is objective and strictly confidential.
Counseling is offered before and after the interview.
Counseling is offered both in person and via the telephone.
Counseling is offered for a variety of issues.
Counseling is offered for both men and women.
Counseling is offered for high-risk students kindergarten through sixth grade.
Counseling is offered for many personal issues.
Counseling is offered for the college-bound players seeking athletic scholarships.
Counseling is offered free and local workshops and seminars are held for a modest fee.
Counseling is offered free of charge to children and their family members.
Counseling is offered free of charge to currently enrolled students and employees of the university.
Counseling is offered in an individual, group, and family setting.
Counseling is offered in English, Spanish and Yiddish.
Counseling is offered in the areas of finance, management, technology and procurement.
Counseling is offered locally and is by appointment.
Counseling is offered on a limited basis by members of our pastoral staff.
Counseling is offered on a sliding scale fee.
Counseling is offered on a voluntary basis.
Counseling is offered on an appointment basis.
Counseling is offered on an individual and group level.
Counseling is offered on both an appointment and drop-in basis.
Counseling is offered on both an inpatient and outpatient basis.
Counseling is offered that guides each individual into themselves.
Counseling is offered to group participants on a limited basis, through supervised interns.
Counseling is offered to ministers and families who experience forced termination.
Counseling is often an effective way to get kids back on track.
Counseling is often helpful.
Counseling is one of our specialties.
Counseling is one of several therapeutic professions in the United States.
Counseling is one of the specialty areas within the discipline of psychology.
Counseling is one option for dealing with difficulties that arise.
Counseling is only a phone call away.
Counseling is only effective after the problem has begun.
Counseling is only for crazy people.
Counseling is only for people who are.
Counseling is only helpful if both partners want help and are motivated to work together.
Counseling is only helpful if it addresses the cause of the problem.
Counseling is open to all members of the university commu-nity regardless of religious faith.
Counseling is open to anyone in the area.
Counseling is open to individuals, couples, family members and interested friends.
Counseling is our real ability.
Counseling is particularly well-suited to clarifying and changing expectations.
Counseling is personal and informal.
Counseling is person-centered.
Counseling is pretty much for anybody going through a rough time.
Counseling is preventive.
Counseling is private and confidential.
Counseling is provided as needed.
Counseling is provided as part of the test system.
Counseling is provided at no cost to client.
Counseling is provided both over the phone and in person.
Counseling is provided by a team of licensed professionals and supervised interns.
Counseling is provided by a trained professional according to all ethical codes of conduct.
Counseling is provided by appointment.
Counseling is provided by e-mail or fax.
Counseling is provided by graduate students under the supervision of faculty members.
Counseling is provided by licensed clinicians and is confidential in nature.
Counseling is provided by licensed psychologists and counselors.
Counseling is provided by masters students who are supervised by faculty.
Counseling is provided by professional staff, faculty and trained students.
Counseling is provided by psychologists, psychology interns, and counselors.
Counseling is provided by qualified counselors and is offered at no charge.
Counseling is provided by qualified people at no cost to the member.
Counseling is provided confidentially and is free of charge.
Counseling is provided for a wide range of personal issues.
Counseling is provided for both gay and lesbian victims of sexual abuse.
Counseling is provided for groups and individuals.
Counseling is provided for groups, individuals, women, families, couples and dual diagnosis clients.
Counseling is provided for individuals, couples, marriages, families and children of all ages.
Counseling is provided for patients and families.
Counseling is provided for problems requiring family interventions.
Counseling is provided for retirees, as well as disability, medical and dental programs.
Counseling is provided for students experiencing personal difficulties.
Counseling is provided for students of all classifications and majors.
Counseling is provided for teens, families, individuals, and couples.
Counseling is provided for victims of rape, sexual assault, and other related assaults.
Counseling is provided free of charge by one licensed employee and volunteer interns.
Counseling is provided free of charge to all small business owners.
Counseling is provided free of charge to any Florida firm.
Counseling is provided in a caring, supportive manner and is strictly confidential.
Counseling is provided in clients' homes and in our Walnut Creek office.
Counseling is provided in Spanish as well as in English.
Counseling is provided individually and in groups.
Counseling is provided individually or in groups.
Counseling is provided on a confidential basis for any personal or family problems.
Counseling is provided on a free and confidential basis to all clients.
Counseling is provided on a group or individual basis.
Counseling is provided on a voluntary basis.
Counseling is provided on a weekly basis for six to eight weeks.
Counseling is provided on an individual basis, by appointment.
Counseling is provided regularly as are employment and educational services.
Counseling is provided through six regional offices.
Counseling is provided throughout the process.
Counseling is provided throughout.
Counseling is provided to all family members.
Counseling is provided to all patients on the findings of the evaluation and treatment options.
Counseling is provided to both individuals and groups.
Counseling is provided to children suffering the traumatic after affects of the fighting.
Counseling is provided to church members free of charge.
Counseling is provided to families needing to make permanent placement plans for their children.
Counseling is provided to families who are experiencing emergency needs.
Counseling is provided to help students bring about positive changes in their lives.
Counseling is provided to individual students as well.
Counseling is provided to part-time students, faculty and staff for a small fee.
Counseling is provided to service members, adult family members, civilian personnel and retirees.
Counseling is provided to students with personal, emotional or academic adjustment concerns.
Counseling is provided to the employee at no charge and is totally confidential.
Counseling is provided to veterans and veterans' dependents on an appointment basis.
Counseling is provided to victims as well as transportation to and from medical exams.
Counseling is provided with strict confidentiality through either office or home visits.
Counseling is provided within the established professional guidelines of confidentiality.
Counseling is provided.
Counseling is recommended for patients and their families, and is available at our facility.
Counseling is recommended.
Counseling is required at least once each semester.
Counseling is required at least once each term .
Counseling is required before arrangements are made at the church.
Counseling is required of any student placed on academic probation.
Counseling is required.
Counseling is seen as a major intervention, as important as competency development.
Counseling is self-improvement.
Counseling is short term.
Counseling is short-term and covers a six county service area.
Counseling is short-term and strictly confidential.
Counseling is short-term in nature.
Counseling is short-term, as it adresses normal life problems faced by college students.
Counseling is short-term, voluntary, and confidential.
Counseling is sometimes helpful for the family as well.
Counseling is strictly confidential.
Counseling is strictly ethical.
Counseling is studied from a Christian discipleship perspective.
Counseling is tailored to each individual client.
Counseling is tailored to each individual patient.
Counseling is the best arena to bring problems to the surface that underlie the cult experience.
Counseling is the best method to convince people and rectify the situation.
Counseling is the bulk of our service.
Counseling is the focal point of both candidates plans to combat domestic violence.
Counseling is the fundamental function performed by consumer lawyers.
Counseling is the primary guidance service.
Counseling is the same, but the interaction is documented.
Counseling is the typical form of treatment when psychological reasons are causing impotence.
Counseling is theory-based and takes place in a structured setting.
Counseling is typically a beneficial experience for most people.
Counseling is used to avoid discipline problems.
Counseling is usually a part of aftercare.
Counseling is usually available for both women and their children.
Counseling is usually the only way to recover.
Counseling is viewed as an avenue of self growth.
Counseling is viewed as intensive and remedial discipleship.
Counseling is vital to the healing process for everyone involved.
Counseling is wonderful if both people are willing to do it.
Counseling lasts at least three sessions, sometimes more.
Counseling lessens the power struggle that occurs so often at the bargaining table. . . .
Counseling needs more training regarding transfer issues.
Counseling occurs as soon as possible after patients have sobered up following the accident.
Counseling occurs both formally and informally, individually and in small groups.
Counseling occurs, with suggestions on how better to proceed.
Counseling offers a small library of self-help materials.
Counseling offers people an opportunity to know themselves more fully.
Counseling promotes an awareness of the interrelationships between self-knowledge and career choice.
Counseling Provide appropriate counseling to all parents of children with abnormal test results.
Counseling provides a place to feel connected and find support.
Counseling provides a place to feel connected and get support.
Counseling provides an opportunity to learn new skills.
Counseling Provides individual, premarital, marital, family counseling, and parenting education.
Counseling provides meaningful, helpful conversation to deal with a problem or situation.
Counseling really can help.
Counseling regarding academic difficulty is provided.
Counseling regarding course requirements is recommended for all new students.
Counseling regarding minor problems is encouraged.
Counseling regarding the emotions surrounding a search is included.
Counseling regarding the various methods of birth control is available as well.
Counseling related to career choice and decision-making is available to students.
Counseling requires a master's degree.
Counseling requires a positive attitude and lots of energy.
Counseling requires as a prerequisite a master's degree in counseling or a closely related field.
Counseling requires emotional work, but it can have tremendous rewards.
Counseling requires empathy and understanding.
Counseling requires minimal physician time.
Counseling resumes after a break of a day or two.
Counseling seeks to facilitate clients desired changes and self-understandings.
Counseling seems to be failing.
Counseling shows parents better ways to express their anger and frustrations.
Counseling sounds like a great idea.
Counseling sounds like a lot of talk.
Counseling strives to insure that the individual is making an informed choice.
Counseling supports academic achievement through assessment and discussion of personal concerns.
Counseling takes awhile to get into balance.
Counseling takes many different forms depending on the roles of the people involved.
Counseling takes many different forms, depending on the roles of the people involved.
Counseling takes place in groups or on an individual basis.
Counseling takes the most time.
Counseling therefore becomes essential to the process of correcting an employee's tardiness problem.
Counseling varies in length from a few sessions to long term care.
Counseling works wonders.
Counseling often can help the client both choose and use a method.
Counseling often helps people to understand and unlock that potential.
Counseling often helps people to unlock that potential.
Counseling often helps to define problem areas and assist in the resolution of the problem.
Counseling often involves the disclosure of sensitive personal information.
Counseling usually results in a realization, a plan or a decision.
All counseling addresses full option pregnancy and birth control options.
All counseling conducted at the center is strictly confidential.
All counseling is anonymous.
All counseling is based on biblical principles and is held in the strictest confidence.
All counseling is completely confidential and free.
All counseling is completely confidential.
All counseling is conducted in private offices and interview rooms.
All counseling is confidential and free of charge, but an appointment is required.
All counseling is confidential and free of charge.
All counseling is confidential and protected to the full extent of the law.
All counseling is confidential.
All counseling is done free of charge and with the utmost of confidentiality.
All counseling is done in a supportive nonjudgmental style.
All counseling is done on a confidential basis.
All counseling is done with total confidentiality.
All counseling is entirely confidential.
All counseling is free and confidential.
All counseling is free of charge to students.
All counseling is FREE of charge.
All counseling is free.
All counseling is held in a very supportive and confidential environment.
All counseling is held in the strictest confidence.
All counseling is intended to bring the individual involved to health without medical intervention.
All counseling is kept confidential under ethic of privileged communication.
All counseling is on a confidential basis.
All counseling is personal and confidential.
All counseling is personal counseling but with different focused issues.
All counseling is private and confidential for individuals or couples.
All counseling is provided at no charge to students.
All counseling is provided by certified professional counselors.
All counseling is provided free of charge .
All counseling is provided on an appointment basis.
All counseling is strictly confidential .
All counseling is strictly confidential.
All counseling is voluntary and confidential.
All counseling provides safer injection education.
More counseling follows when the results come in.
Most counseling is done at our offices.
Some counseling is provided.
Counselling allows people to work through and move on from the frozen, painful, feelings.
Counselling can be a great help in allowing to clarify complex relationship problems.
Counselling can be expensive.
Counselling can be for individuals, couples or families.
Counselling can be helpful in mild cases but medications are often necessary.
Counselling can be over the telephone or face to face.
Counselling can have additional benefit in providing coping strategies.
Counselling can help handle personal problems.
Counselling can help one change a negative view of one's self, of one's past and of one's future.
Counselling can help prevent problems.
Counselling can help with homesickness, study problems, grief and loss and broken relationships.
Counselling can take place in individual sessions or in groups.
Counselling creates the space needed to work out new ways of dealing with problems.
Counselling does promote safer sex.
Counselling has to be available.
Counselling helps to expand the options and see things a bit differently.
Counselling involves regular individual appointments with a trained counsellor.
Counselling is a complex skill which is both an art and a science.
Counselling is a kind of help.
Counselling is a 'listening ear', it is absolutely confidential and non judgemental.
Counselling is a message
Counselling is a tough but incredibly rewarding career.
Counselling is a very important component of treatment.
Counselling is a way of facilitating choice or change or reducing confusion.
Counselling is about the understanding of people's behaviour.
Counselling is also advisable.
Counselling is also available at community health centres.
Counselling is also available to residents.
Counselling is also available.
Counselling is always confidential.
Counselling is an integral part of the programme food is offered in more needy cases.
Counselling is available both individually and on a group basis.
Counselling is available by appointment at any one of our college offices.
Counselling is available by appointment.
Counselling is available daily during term-time.
Counselling is available for individuals, couples and families.
Counselling is available for parents free of charge.
Counselling is available free of charge through agencies approved by the court.
Counselling is available in each of the colleges.
Counselling is available in person or via E-mail.
Counselling is available to help couples make their decision.
Counselling is available to individuals who have or are carriers of communicable diseases.
Counselling is available, but is limited to aging issues.
Counselling is available.
Counselling is by appointment only.
Counselling is carried out using protected real-time counselling rooms, and by secure messaging.
Counselling is completely confidential .
Counselling is confidential in nature.
Counselling is considered a core medical skill.
Counselling is definitely important.
Counselling is for everyone, whatever their outlook or religious beliefs.
Counselling is free for everyone who is eligible.
Counselling is free of charge.
Counselling is free to students on a walk-in basis or by appointment.
Counselling is important because it helps children mature and make sound decisions.
Counselling is important in a marriage for two willing participants.
Counselling is ineffective.
Counselling is informal, active and engaged.
Counselling is more practical and focuses on present day feelings and difficulties.
Counselling is more than just providing information or lecturing to the patient.
Counselling is no exception.
Counselling is offered individually or in group sessions.
Counselling is offered on an hourly basis, mainly by appoinment.
Counselling is offered one on one, rather than by the traditional group setting model.
Counselling is on a one to one basis.
Counselling is one kind of helping.
Counselling is only a small part of the solution, however.
Counselling is our real ability.
Counselling is provided and referrals are made.
Counselling is provided by peers, teachers, health workers and over telephone hotlines.
Counselling is provided by professionally trained counsellors and psychologists.
Counselling is provided by the volunteers.
Counselling is provided for children as well as adults.
Counselling is provided free of charge, and is available to both members and others.
Counselling is provided on any personal or work related problem.
Counselling is required.
Counselling is similar to mediation, but also involves a therapeutic focus.
Counselling is similar to other caring professions.
Counselling is supportive and professional, and operates under strict confidentiality.
Counselling is tailored to each individual patient.
Counselling is the key to dealing with students' problems, they say.
Counselling is therefore a mandatory requirement before abortions can be carried out.
Counselling is today a household word.
Counselling is totally confidential.
Counselling is via letter or tape and mainly operates via the normal postal system.
Counselling is voluntary and confidential.
Counselling is when people come to talk through difficulties or fears with a trained counsellor.
Counselling offer A spokeswoman said the couple had declined the offer of professional counselling.
Counselling offers an opportunity to discuss any personal issues which give the student concern.
Counselling offers opportunity to talk about problems in a confidential and independent setting .
Counselling plays a major role in their work.
Counselling provides a purposeful relationship in which one person helps another to help themselves.
Counselling provides an opportunity to explore difficulties and to consider possible ways forward.
Counselling provides an opportunity to talk through issues without judgment.
Counselling provides an opportunity to think a problem through or to share feelings or experiences.
Counselling requires a confidential environment, within agreed limits.
Counselling requires the active participation of the client throughout the process.
Counselling see later.
Counselling takes place at the office of the psychologist.
Counselling takes place telephonically, by means of personal interviews, or by correspondence.
Counselling takes place telephonically, or by means of personal interviews or correspondence.
Counselling takes place with individuals, couples, teams or family groups.
All counselling conducted is free to staff and their immediate family members.
All counselling given is strictly confidential.
All counselling is confidential.
All counselling is fully confidential.
All counselling is on a confidential basis and referrals to community agencies are also available.
All counselling is totally confidential.
A counsellor is a lawyer
Counsellor also provides written reports for courts.
Counsellors advise on health, finance, visas and access to higher education.
Counsellors aim to be non judgmental.
Counsellors also work in the community to provide confidential support to young people.
Counsellors are active and involved members of their community.
Counsellors are available at all campuses.
Counsellors are available at many clinics, Family Planning Associations and women s health centres.
Counsellors are available by appointment during term time and also during vacations in most cases.
Counsellors are available during the daytime.
Counsellors are available for help with course selection as well as educational and career planning.
Counsellors are available on all of the sites.
Counsellors are concerned, caring and interested in their fellow seniors.
Counsellors are imaginative, committed, caring and fun to be with.
Counsellors are interested in helping people and are good listeners.
Counsellors are knowledgeable about services and resources for seniors.
Counsellors are normally available during residential schools.
Counsellors are of the opinion that it is a key factor in drawing and keeping couples together.
Counsellors are professionals trained to provide a variety of counselling services.
Counsellors are usually seniors themselves.
Counsellors are very used to dealing with depression.
Counsellors assist and monitor students during their homework periods.
Counsellors can also refer students to community agencies for further assistance.
Counsellors can help in partner notification.
Counsellors can help students make decisions and learn strategies to help cope with difficulties.
Counsellors can help with a wide range of difficulties.
Counsellors can provide individual and group coaching to help students perform in exams.
Counsellors complain of spending more time doing clerical jobs and less time helping students.
Counsellors explain confidentiality and duty of care when appropriate.
Counsellors give private assistance to children with a wide range of behavioural problems.
Counsellors have different approaches to therapy.
Counsellors help people to solve problems of a personal, psychological, or family nature.
Counsellors help students with personal, social-emotional, career, and educational concerns.
Counsellors help students work through the problems they identify in a goal-oriented manner.
Counsellors hould endeavor to keep the apprentice with the same group for all levels of training.
Counsellors keep notes and records.
Counsellors meet with students at all grade levels several times a year in classroom settings.
Counsellors offer assistance to staff and students with personal and academic concerns.
Counsellors offer strategies to combat stress.
Counsellors provide help and guidance to all students on all matters which concern the students.
Counsellors respect confidentiality at all times.
Counsellors run a variety of groups throughout the year which are advertised around the campus.
Counsellors say there is increasing numbers of people blaming the Internet for their problems.
Counsellors staffing the line have advanced skills and training.
Counsellors take great care matching students with families.
Counsellors work with clients on an individual basis, and provide flexible support.
Counsellors work within a strict code of professional ethics.
Counsellors often come into contact with clients who are anticipating the possibility of layoffs.
All counsellors are either ex-teachers or have experience of counselling teachers.
Many counsellors also deal with long-term problems.
Some counsellors also use active techniques and give specific advice.
Some counsellors are good, but the ethics of others are questionable.
Some counsellors are uncomfortable working with a pastor as part of a helping team.
Some counsellors charge on a sliding fee scale according to income.
Some counsellors have special roles and skills.
Some counsellors have special skills in assessing and treating more serious mental health problems.
A counselor is a consultant
Counselor are also available for short-term personal counseling and can provide referral services.
Counselor define aspirational ethics.
Counselor is a member of a professional association of credit counselors.
Counselor Is In - Get advice online.
Counselor is needed for interpretation and discussion with the respondent.
Counselor isa consultant.
Counselor makes mud cup for survivor campers.
Counselor manages a geographic territory and develops strategies to reach recruitment goals.
Counselor needs to make certain that the client s goals are respected.
Counselor reviews job description, search procedures, applicant pools, and dossiers with department.
Counselor reviews the petition and makes a recommendation.
Counselor works with student where appropriate.
Counselor works with students when appropriate.
Counselors act as advocates to minimize educational barriers for students.
Counselors Add more school counselors to schools.
Counselors add to the unity and cabin loyalty that campers develop throughout the summer.
Counselors administer career assessment inventories and interpret the results.
Counselors administer standardized tests to measure aptitudes, academic strengths and weaknesses.
Counselors administer the questionnaire to welfare recipients and applicants.
Counselors advise battered women to use their best judgment about the situation.
Counselors advise students about college entrance, scholarship and job entry.
Counselors also assist parents and teachers in providing resources.
Counselors also assist students in registering and preparing for college entrance examinations.
Counselors also assist students with career decisions and personal problems.
Counselors also assist students with issues that affect their ability to learn.
Counselors also assist with interpretation of the results.
Counselors also call people trying to quit to monitor their progress.
Counselors also can become proficient in each of the activity areas.
Counselors also can help with problem situations.
Counselors also conduct resume writing workshops, interview tactics and informational sessions.
Counselors also conduct sessions in the home for homebound seniors.
Counselors also consult with teachers and principals.
Counselors also have a tremendous impact upon the children they serve.
Counselors also have the opportunity to attend seminars in advanced mathematics.
Counselors also have the opportunity to participate in the Staff Show.
Counselors also help design programs aimed at violence prevention and intervention.
Counselors also help provide the financial tools needed to qualify for a loan.
Counselors also help seniors to obtain access to local, state and federal assistance programs.
Counselors also help seniors with resumes, letters and scholarship applications.
Counselors also help students deal with social, behavioral, and personal problems.
Counselors also help to psychologically prepare consumers to be homeowners and to pay their debts.
Counselors also help with career development and the transfer process.
Counselors also know about trade schools and apprenticeship programs.
Counselors also maintain adoption records and follow up with new pet owners to address problems.
Counselors also make recommendations for remediation and course placement.
Counselors also meet individually with selected students before and after group sessions.
Counselors also mention the opportunity for extracurricular activities.
Counselors also offer financial aid counseling and career planning.
Counselors also play an important role in education and career development.
Counselors also provide career and educational decision making, and personal and crisis counseling.
Counselors also provide follow-up services.
Counselors also provide parenting and marriage education.
Counselors also provide prepurchase housing counseling.
Counselors also provide referrals to other community social service agencies and organizations.
Counselors also provide support to parents.
Counselors also schedule workshops, as needed, to meet the similar needs of the student population.
Counselors also see students on a walk-in basis.
Counselors also serve as advisors to new and returning students during open registration periods.
Counselors also serve as consultants for teachers, parents and others.
Counselors also serve as consultants with teachers to design an academic success plan for students.
Counselors also take students and their families to job sites and on recreational trips.
Counselors also teach families about a healthy diet.
Counselors also track the personal goals students set for themselves at the outset of the program.
Counselors also use activities and play therapy to help the children address grief issues.
Counselors also volunteer to conduct online counseling directly from their homes or offices.
Counselors also work with faculty and staff as consultants and trainers.
Counselors also work with local school systems and provide in-home counseling when needed.
Counselors are a key to steering young people on a career path.
Counselors are a multicultural group of social workers, psychologists, and psychiatrists.
Counselors are a part of the adult population in a school.
Counselors are able to help students identify stressors and cope with crises.
Counselors are able to provide child care after the camp day.
Counselors are able to provide students with short-term personal advising.
Counselors are actually deprogrammers however they claim to have a different technique.
Counselors are advisers.
Counselors are advocates for their students and act as liaisons between home, school, and community.
Counselors are all involved with helping students to develop career planning skills.
Counselors are all master's degree level.
Counselors are also able to present programs in the community.
Counselors are also academic advisers.
Counselors are also an integral part of our program, at each of our high schools.
Counselors are also available at all schools.
Counselors are also available at regional campuses.
Counselors are also available by appointment for both students and parents.
Counselors are also available for assistance.
Counselors are also available for career counseling and mock interviews by appointment.
Counselors are also available for consultation both by appointment and during open counseling hours.
Counselors are also available for consultation with parents.
Counselors are also available for education programs and mental health testing.
Counselors are also available for education, vocational, personal and financial aid consultation.
Counselors are also available for group and individual sessions with students and parents.
Counselors are also available for homebound elders.
Counselors are also available for individual career counseling appointments.
Counselors are also available for pre-scheduled appointments.
Counselors are also available on a walk-in basis.
Counselors are also available through e-mail.
Counselors are also available to all underclassmen for consultations on their course selections.
Counselors are also available to assist faculty who encounter students in crisis.
Counselors are also available to assist students.
Counselors are also available to consult with students about a topic for resources and information.
Counselors are also available to discuss career issues.
Counselors are also available to discuss effective study strategies.
Counselors are also available to discuss individual student concerns.
Counselors are also available to do group presentations on topics dealing with healthy choices.
Counselors are also available to enhance study skills or improve academic progress.
Counselors are also available to meet with students if an individual problem or concern arises.
Counselors are also available to parents, by appointment, to discuss issues unique to their child.
Counselors are also available to participate in the informal grievance process.
Counselors are also available to serve as student advocates within the campus community.
Counselors are also available.
Counselors are also on call after hours to respond to psychological emergencies.
Counselors are also on-call after hours for emergency situations.
Counselors are also well trained to meet the needs of the campers during the daily activities.
Counselors are always available to students with academic problems.
Counselors are always present to assist campers needs.
Counselors are always to be with their unit when it is functioning as a club unit.
Counselors are arranged by alphabet, each counselor now service each sub-school.
Counselors are at the center of planning and implementing the comprehensive counseling program.
Counselors are available at all three sites.
Counselors are available at all times during the school day and before and after school.
Counselors are available at each campus information desk without an appointment.
Counselors are available at high schools, community and state colleges, and state universities.
Counselors are available at no charge for personal, psychological, and vocational counseling.
Counselors are available at the middle and high school levels to assist students and their parents.
Counselors are available both day and evening.
Counselors are available both daytime and evenings on either campus.
Counselors are available both daytime and evenings.
Counselors are available by appointment and on a drop-in basis.
Counselors are available by appointment and on a walk-in basis to assist in course selection.
Counselors are available by appointment and on a walk-in basis.
Counselors are available by appointment during office hours.
Counselors are available by appointment on the main campus in Thousand Oaks.
Counselors are available by appointment or as needed for a crisis situation.
Counselors are available by appointment or drop in.
Counselors are available by appointment or during walk-in hours.
Counselors are available by appointment or on a drop-in basis.
Counselors are available by appointment or walk-in basis.
Counselors are available by appointment or walk-in for crisis situations.
Counselors are available by appointment throughout the academic year.
Counselors Are Available by appointment to assist veteran students in all facets of their education.
Counselors are available by appointment to interview and assist in the referral process.
Counselors are available by appointment, and most also have walk-in hours.
Counselors are available by appointment.
Counselors are available by telephone, e-mail, or private consultation.
Counselors are available day and evening hours to help with course selection.
Counselors are available during and after normal office hours and on weekends.
Counselors are available during registration, but only on a drop-in basis.
Counselors are available during regular business hours.
Counselors are available during regularly scheduled hours.
Counselors are available during the day either by appointment or on a walk-in basis.
Counselors are available five days per week to answer individual questions.
Counselors are available for a limited telephone consultation.
Counselors are available for discussing personal issues.
Counselors are available for each camp and also stay in the dorms.
Counselors are available for help.
Counselors are available for individual sessions by appointment.
Counselors are available for information concerning scholarships.
Counselors are available for interviews by appointment.
Counselors are available for questions, and resume review.
Counselors are available for walk-in advising.
Counselors are available in person or by phone to provide specific assistance.
Counselors are available in person, by phone, or through e-mail.
Counselors are available in the afternoons for student consultations on the financial aid process.
Counselors are available in the evenings and on weekends for emergencies or by arrangement.
Counselors are available in times of crisis or for ongoing personal development.
Counselors are available on a drop-in basis to discuss financial aid eligibility.
Counselors are available on a regular basis.
Counselors are available on a walk in basis for more technical assistance.
Counselors are available on a walk-in basi s or by appointment.
Counselors are available on a walk-in basis and by appointment.
Counselors are available on a walk-in basis or by appointment.
Counselors are available on a walk-in or appointment basis.
Counselors are available on all campuses during regular work hours.
Counselors are available on an appointment and drop-in basis.
Counselors are available on an appointment basis.
Counselors are available on an appointment or drop in basis.
Counselors are available on an individual or group basis.
Counselors are available on and off campus.
Counselors are available t students before school, during the day, and after school.
Counselors are available through e-mail.
Counselors are available throughout most of the calendar year.
Counselors are available throughout the day to interview and assist in the referral process.
Counselors are available to administer and interpret various educational tests and inventories.
Counselors are available to advise students about the graduate program.
Counselors are available to advise students about the program.
Counselors are available to advise, teach and assist with career change or upgrades.
Counselors are available to any student for academic or personal counseling.
Counselors are available to assist in resume preparation and interviewing skills.
Counselors are available to assist in selecting transferable classes.
Counselors are available to assist students during business hours on a walk-in basis.
Counselors are available to assist students in making career plans and in selecting programs.
Counselors are available to assist students in person or at the phones during office hours.
Counselors are available to assist students in planning course work for the first semester.
Counselors are available to assist students on a regular basis in group or individual sessions.
Counselors are available to assist students to decide and plan for classes and programs.
Counselors are available to assist students with career goals which relate to co-op experiences.
Counselors are available to assist students, parents and teachers.
Counselors are available to assist students.
Counselors are available to assist with selected cases.
Counselors are available to both day and evening students.
Counselors are available to demonstrate and explain the resources in the center.
Counselors are available to discuss test results.
Counselors are available to help concerning transfer issues.
Counselors are available to help in a crisis without wait, during office hours.
Counselors are available to help in difficult situations.
Counselors are available to help mothers with breastfeeding.
Counselors are available to help students and parents with adjustment concerns and emotional issues.
Counselors are available to help students get back on track.
Counselors are available to help students plan and meet personal, academic and career goals.
Counselors are available to help students with many issues faced by college students.
Counselors are available to help.
Counselors are available to interview all interested people so the best referrals can be made.
Counselors are available to meet with alumnae by appointment.
Counselors are available to meet with individuals, couples, and groups.
Counselors are available to offer assistance at all times.
Counselors are available to provide emotional and religious support at all times.
Counselors are available to provide individual assistance to persons needing help.
Counselors are available to provide individualized advice to alumni.
Counselors are available to provide support and information to individuals in emotional crisis.
Counselors are available to schedule additional conference times as needed.
Counselors are available to students for short-term assistance.
Counselors are available to support students through the reporting process.
Counselors are available to talk about academic and personal concerns.
Counselors are available.
Counselors are avaliable, by appointment only, by phone or in person.
Counselors are aware that it is difficult at first to discuss personal problems with a stranger.
Counselors are bankers, attorneys, and marketing experts.
Counselors are child and family advocates.
Counselors are college music students and young music teachers.
Counselors are college students, graduate students and teachers.
Counselors are college students, many of whom participated in the program while in high school.
Counselors are college-age young adults who care about children.
Counselors are comforting and nurturing.
Counselors are critical to our complex therapeutic programming.
Counselors are crucial to associates staying on track.
Counselors are current collegiate players who are there to make camp a positive experience.
Counselors are doctoral and masters students who are supervised by doctoral level psychologists.
Counselors are essential to help students select the appropriate course of study.
Counselors are fluent in sign language and have experience working with children.
Counselors are frequently able to assist in the decision making process.
Counselors are frequently generalists, requiring a full range of vocational rehabilitation skills.
Counselors are generally the ones who receive information about new scholarships in the mail.
Counselors are graduate students in clinic psychology programs.
Counselors are graduate students with counseling majors.
Counselors are health professionals.
Counselors are helpful in communication and along with lawyers can be an agent of reality.
Counselors are in place to provide mental health services on site at the schools.
Counselors are in the lead role.
Counselors are interested in establishing a friendship with all their campers.
Counselors are leaders, friends, teachers, and parents to campers.
Counselors are like parents.
Counselors are marvelous at helping a person clarify thoughts and emotions.
Counselors Are members of the faculty.
Counselors are men and women with at least one year of college experience.
Counselors are merely people.
Counselors are neither able to predict with certainty nor to make falsifiable claims.
Counselors are non-judgmental, objective helpers.
Counselors are nonjudgmental, objective helpers.
Counselors are on call in case of emergency.
Counselors are on disaster sites speaking with the survivors.
Counselors are on duty all day, working closely with the campers in their activities.
Counselors are on duty for underage students and activities are scheduled.
Counselors are on duty to assist in each stage of development from the beginning to the end.
Counselors are on hand to ensure all students are taking courses with transferability potential.
Counselors are on staff.
Counselors are on the front lines of caring for our campers and providing a ministry impact.
Counselors are part of the staff in each of Carroll County's schools.
Counselors are positive role models.
Counselors are prepared to discuss matters of academic, vocational, and personal-social concern.
Counselors are prepared to work with students from diverse cultural backgrounds.
Counselors are present to answer questions and hand out information.
Counselors are professional environmental educators.
Counselors are professionals trained in counseling, psychology, and education.
Counselors are professionals.
Counselors are responsible for guidance, support and leadership for both students and staff.
Counselors are responsible for keeping all records confidential.
Counselors are responsible for supervision of a cabin of youth along with a partner.
Counselors are responsible for the care, safety, programming, crafts and recreation.
Counselors are responsible for the overall well being of each camper.
Counselors are responsible for the physical, mental and general well being of their campers.
Counselors are responsible for the shipping of their baggage.
Counselors are responsible for their behavior and participation in activities.
Counselors are school based.
Counselors are sensitive and respectful of concerns about family traditions and privacy.
Counselors are supervisors.
Counselors are teachers.
Counselors are the biggest influence in the experience of the children that attend camp.
Counselors are the go to part of most schools.
Counselors are the heart of the summer camping program.
Counselors are the main staff contact with campers.
Counselors are the most important people on staff.
Counselors are their heroes, models, friends.
Counselors are there to help alcoholics.
Counselors are tremendous resources about college requirements, test dates, and scholarships.
Counselors are typically college age.
Counselors are typically volunteers, many of whom are cancer survivors or their siblings.
Counselors are under the direct supervision of the administrative staff.
Counselors are usually available to meet with a student within a week.
Counselors are usually college students or individuals in the education field.
Counselors are UWSP students.
Counselors are very invested and willing to make personal sacrifices to assist families.
Counselors are welcome to make copies and distribute the information as needed.
Counselors are well aware of the many obstacles that can hinder a student's performance at college.
Counselors are willing to form support groups according to students needs.
Counselors are willing to work with enrolled or prospective students.
Counselors are with campers through the entire day.
Counselors are, for the most part, people with disabilities.
Counselors arrive a week before camp open for intensive training on disabilities and personal care.
Counselors ask people.
Counselors assess and encourage each student's progress.
Counselors assess the producer's situation while providing support and decision making resources.
Counselors assigned to the case meet with their assigned party and discuss the case in detail.
Counselors assist and answer questions.
Counselors assist in helping students choose courses that best meet their career interest needs.
Counselors assist in the prioritization of needs, which can lead to rational decision-making.
Counselors assist in tracking students' progress and making referrals to student services as needed.
Counselors assist interested graduates in the application process.
Counselors assist others with community volunteer opportunities.
Counselors assist people with personal issues in the strictest confidence.
Counselors assist pupils in identifying and implementing educational and vocational decision-making.
Counselors assist students in personal and academic planning.
Counselors assist students in planning for transfer to a four-year institution.
Counselors assist students in selecting academic majors and courses.
Counselors assist students with a variety of concerns which effect their educational goals.
Counselors assist students with decisions about summer plans, colleges and the Yeshivas in Israel.
Counselors assist students with schedule changes when appropriate.
Counselors assist the camp supervisor in the development of daily, weekly and seasonal schedules.
Counselors assist the students in choosing the proper beginning courses.
Counselors assist with assessment of course placement level and educational planning.
Counselors assist with insurance and payment arrangements.
Counselors assist with serving each table.
Counselors assist workers.
Counselors attend meetings.
Counselors attend professional development conferences and various training activities.
Counselors become role models in small groups.
Counselors believe the trend is right on target.
Counselors bring enthusiasm and motivation as well as understanding and sensitivity.
Counselors bunk with the kids and have extra training in recognizing and dealing with homesickness.
Counselors call members at least once a month to check on their progress.
Counselors can add local scholarships to the list.
Counselors can advise students and alumni with disabilities on a variety of job-related topics.
Counselors can advise victims on whom to call and where to turn in a time of crisis.
Counselors can also . . .
Counselors can also assist employees in referral to other qualified agencies.
Counselors can also assist in pursuing the major and transfer institution of their choice.
Counselors can also assist with off-campus resources for the students' care.
Counselors can also assist with personal and career counseling concerns.
Counselors can also help in a crisis.
Counselors can also help individuals who are having difficulty communicating with one another.
Counselors can also help individuals who are in conflict with one another.
Counselors can also help students learn about the realities of the job markets.
Counselors can also help students make contact with appropriate community agencies.
Counselors can also help students make contact with appropriate community resources.
Counselors can also help victims get out of the area.
Counselors can also locate alumni who are practicing in the student's area of interest.
Counselors can also point out factors that put young people at high risk for STDs.
Counselors can also provide a list of support groups for longer-term assistance.
Counselors can also provide faculty or staff consultations.
Counselors can also provide valuable direction and professional advice.
Counselors can also refer callers to local contacts that can provide direct assistance.
Counselors can also screen for depression during regular counseling sessions.
Counselors can also set up sessions by appointment after business hours.
Counselors can answer questions about benefits eligibility and application procedures.
Counselors can assist in making the student's entry into Hinds a smooth one.
Counselors can assist individuals in finding the most appropriate source of help available.
Counselors can assist individuals in the preparation of chronological and functional resumes.
Counselors can assist the student in choosing which instrument best suits their needs.
Counselors can assists students in adapting to change and in learning good decision making skills.
Counselors can be effective using any one of a variety of approaches.
Counselors can be hard to get to know.
Counselors can be very helpful to parents and other family members.
Counselors can contact the local masjids for further information.
Counselors can furnish details.
Counselors can have a profound impact on students' academic and personal development.
Counselors can help a depressed kid.
Counselors can help add quality of life to the years our elderly have left.
Counselors can help adolescents develop a means of coping with the abuse and redefining reality.
Counselors can help bring the debt current, stop late charges, and reduce the interest.
Counselors can help determine which courses transfer to other colleges and universities.
Counselors can help family members deal with their many emotions and grief.
Counselors can help people identify their interests, abilities, experiences, and values.
Counselors can help sort out the feelings.
Counselors can help students marshall their own and outside resources.
Counselors can help students sort out and make sense out of all that information.
Counselors can help workaholics by a. scheduling flexible counseling appointments during off hours.
Counselors can help.
Counselors can join the association on-line and register for the annual conference.
Counselors can link people to community resources equipped to handle such issues.
Counselors can make local referrals for services.
Counselors can offer specific guidance based on clients' knowledge, attitudes and practices.
Counselors can provide a different outlook and help in expressing feelings.
Counselors can provide emotional support during difficult and stressful periods of a person's life.
Counselors can provide individual follow-up appointments.
Counselors can provide information and referrals.
Counselors can provide pain management through biofeedback, hypnosis.
Counselors can provide parents with a list of warning signs in their children s behavior.
Counselors can provide vocational evaluations, job training, guidance and counseling.
Counselors can see an individual for a one-time appointment or weekly over the semester.
Counselors can see students without appointments in emergency situations.
Counselors can serve as a vital connection between the home, community, and school.
Counselors can strongly suggest that clients use condoms during oral sex.
Counselors can submit only two applications per school.
Counselors can subscribe for the same amount as patients.
Counselors can teach curriculum on their own or as a co-instructor with a classroom teacher.
Counselors can then use the materials as a starting point for discussion and family therapy.
Counselors caution the crew against numbing the pain.
Counselors certify eligibility for services and determine accommodations.
Counselors cite many factors that have changed the way people approach higher education.
Counselors come from all over the U.S. and some foreign countries.
Counselors come from all walks of life including law, human resources, personnel.
Counselors come prepared with students' records, report cards and comments from teachers.
Counselors come prepared with students' records, report cards, and comments from teachers.
Counselors commonly make their decisions in consultation with colleagues.
Counselors communicate with parents on a weekly basis.
Counselors complete rigorous domestic violence training.
Counselors concentrate on developing counseling and therapeutic skills in their advanced training.
Counselors conduct activities which involve the entire student body for a day or a week.
Counselors conduct consultation sessions with departments etc.
Counselors conduct groups outside of the classroom according to specific needs.
Counselors conduct orientation and advising sessions.
Counselors consider safety to be the highest priority, followed closely by having fun.
Counselors consider test scores and other factors to make course placement recommendations.
Counselors consult with all referring physicians about the treatment plan.
Counselors consult with teachers and parents and aid in student assessment.
Counselors contact the student and discuss options for successfully completing the class.
Counselors continue their training through staff development sessions, workshops, and seminars.
Counselors coordinate all key component activities.
Counselors coordinate patient treatments.
Counselors coordinate treatments.
Counselors coordinate weekend activities and ensure an appropriate curfew.
Counselors coordinate with other administrators to provide campus educational programs.
Counselors create their own programs.
Counselors deal with a variety of student concerns and issues.
Counselors describe their activities in three main areas.
Counselors disagree on ex-disciples' attitudes toward other religions.
Counselors discuss the parent-child relationship in a lesbian family.
Counselors distribute priority registration packets at the end of early orientation.
Counselors distribute the vouchers to the eligible students.
Counselors do a good job, but overworked.
Counselors do group counseling as well as individual counseling.
Counselors do too.
Counselors donate their time and expertise.
Counselors draw up a contract with the supervisor at the beginning of their volunteer expe rience.
Counselors drop by three times a week to meet with students individually.
Counselors earn bachelor s degrees, usually in counseling, education, social work, or sociology.
Counselors encourage all students to take courses in the core academic areas.
Counselors encourage dialogue and sharing.
Counselors encourage initiative and responsibility as measures of self-reliance.
Counselors encourage students to ask about confidentiality concerns.
Counselors encourage students to identify early in the semester.
Counselors encourage students to look at a wide range of institutions and to consider many options.
Counselors encourage students to seek their assistance in solving academic and career concerns.
Counselors encourage the participation of social workers.
Counselors ensure that courses taken abroad fit into the concentration program appropriately.
Counselors evaluate prospective training programs for clients.
Counselors examine how both study behaviors and individual attitudes contribute to academic success.
Counselors explain the abortion procedure in detail, so each woman knows what to expect.
Counselors facilitate personal growth and career development.
Counselors facilitate two aftercare groups at the CTTC and one group in Austin each week.
Counselors feel really special.
Counselors fill out the schedule to ensure a complete experience.
Counselors find themselves in the role of admonishing parent rather than empathic confidant.
Counselors first determine why soldiers are in money trouble.
Counselors focus on a student's interests, personality, skills and values.
Counselors focus on easing the transition from an elementary to a secondary setting.
Counselors focus on help students.
Counselors focus on students.
Counselors follow students academic progress and assist with arranging parent conferences.
Counselors follow the campers progress through design, cutting, filing, sanding and finishing.
Counselors follow the code of ethics associated with their respective certifications and licenses.
Counselors follow the principle that each individual's problem merits privacy and confidentiality.
Counselors follow up with each participant for up to two years.
Counselors generally do their work quietly.
Counselors generally work with people who have many skills.
Counselors give a listening ear and direct campers to make friends and join in camp life.
Counselors give follow-up support for at least a year to each patient completing the program.
Counselors give individual attention to help with anxiety and tension-related issues.
Counselors give information.
Counselors give old plates and bowls to survivors of sexual and domestic abuse.
Counselors give the test results and provide information and referrals.
Counselors go into the home periodically to help family members get their lives back on track.
Counselors guide students to appropriate classes, colleges, and career choices.
Counselors guide thoughts to the One who created the heavens and the earth.
Counselors have (part) arms.
Counselors have (part) body substances.
Counselors have (part) cell membranes.
Counselors have (part) cells.
Counselors have (part) corpi.
Counselors have (part) cytoplasm.
Counselors have (part) heads.
Counselors have (part) human bodies.
Counselors have (part) legs.
Counselors have (part) material bodies.
Counselors have (part) necks.
Counselors have (part) nuclei.
Counselors have (part) personality.
Counselors have (part) plasma membranes.
Counselors have (part) sections.
Counselors have (part) vacuoles.
Counselors have a background in child development and participate in ongoing trainings.
Counselors have a broad understanding of human nature, education, and world of work.
Counselors have a difficult job and they deserve the support of faculty, parents and the community.
Counselors have a legal responsibility to report the abuse to the appropriate authorities.
Counselors have a lot of wisdom and Bible knowledge, but they are far from infallible.
Counselors have a major impact on the lives of the patients they counsel.
Counselors have a primary respon-sibility to look out for the welfare of their clients.
Counselors have a responsibility to implement the best clinical process for their clients.
Counselors have a schedule of group activities and crafts before riding.
Counselors have a tremendous amount of responsibility.
Counselors have all the answers.
Counselors have an identity that is separate from other mental health professionals.
Counselors have an opportunity to work with different age groups each session.
Counselors have busy schedules and are sometimes difficult to find.
Counselors have civil and penal immunity.
Counselors have degrees.
Counselors have different policies about charges for missed and canceled meetings.
Counselors have different styles and theoretical appproaches.
Counselors have different styles or approaches.
Counselors have different styles, personalities, and approaches.
Counselors have information about credits, graduation requirements, and program options.
Counselors have information on tests that are acceptable.
Counselors have information on which tests are acceptable.
Counselors have master degrees.
Counselors have masters degrees and extensive experience in helping adults make career choices.
Counselors have masters.
Counselors have no formal authority but are highly respected.
Counselors have partial days and a full day off during and between sessions.
Counselors have regular hours throughout the day on weekdays.
Counselors have the flexibility to schedule their own rest hour, evening, and night duties.
Counselors have the freedom to initiate activities for their specific groups every afternoon.
Counselors have time off during each day and one day off a week.
Counselors have weekly office hours when they meet with clients.
Counselors have weekly office hours where they meet with clients.
Counselors help birth parents develop and accept a realistic plan for themselves and their children.
Counselors help children see the consequences of their actions.
Counselors help clients fill out applications.
Counselors help couples end the cycle of violence.
Counselors help effects.
Counselors help goals.
Counselors help homebuyers determine how much home they can afford and work through credit issues.
Counselors help individuals.
Counselors help instruct in areas where they possess skills.
Counselors help kids learn to cope.
Counselors help own goals.
Counselors help partners.
Counselors help people understand the policies and compare options.
Counselors help people when they have personal problems or problems with other residents.
Counselors help people who test positive in planning their approach to health care.
Counselors help people with things like career development, anger management, health and lifestyle.
Counselors help skills.
Counselors help students adjust programs to meet entrance requirements of four-year colleges.
Counselors help students create academic and behavioral goals at the beginning of their stay.
Counselors help students enhance their existing learning and study styles.
Counselors help students establish educational and career goals.
Counselors help students find career-related volunteer work and summer jobs.
Counselors help students identify potential academic difficulties before they arise.
Counselors help students plan their college courses and outlinine strategies to achieve success.
Counselors help students solve a variety of academic, personal, and career issues.
Counselors help students to make decisions and to plan for a successful future.
Counselors help students to plan and monitor individualized academic, behavior, or career plans.
Counselors help students understand their abilities, interests, and personality characteristics.
Counselors help students with class selection, registraton procedures and personal issues.
Counselors help students with concerns related to school, friends and home.
Counselors help students with course selection, scheduling, standardized testing, and deficiencies.
Counselors help students with social, academic or behavior problems.
Counselors help with a wide range of concerns that affect daily life.
Counselors help with individual needs.
Counselors hope the domestic violence court causes a ripple effect through the community.
Counselors identify barriers and make sure the job is right for the client.
Counselors identify disorder.
Counselors identify genetic disorder.
Counselors identify specific disorder.
Counselors identify specific genetic disorder.
Counselors incorporate campers' interests and needs into a flexible camp program.
Counselors instruct the children in the basics of nutrition, good table manners, and recycling.
Counselors invite parents to discuss educational and developmental issues at any time.
Counselors keep stressing the importance of professional skills training.
Counselors keep written records documenting their contacts with student clients.
Counselors lead activities for both children and adults during the day and evening.
Counselors lead campers though the day's activities and live with campers.
Counselors lead such activities as crabbing, canoeing, and watching for sea turtles.
Counselors lead the next year's class of Fellows.
Counselors lead, instruct, and supervise activities and cabin groups.
Counselors leave the office to talk to community groups or conduct workshops.
Counselors listen and assist students in analyzing situations, events, challenges, and alternatives.
Counselors live at the camp for two weeks, with a weekend break between week-long camper sessions.
Counselors live in a cabin with ten campers.
Counselors live in cabins with their campers and actively structure their group s activities.
Counselors live in each dormitory and supervise all underage students.
Counselors live in the residence halls and are on-call.
Counselors live right in the cabin with their group.
Counselors maintain a generalized practice, seeing clients for many issues.
Counselors maintain a resource library for teachers and parents in the individual schools.
Counselors maintain confidentiality in all counseling relationships.
Counselors maintain records and write reports.
Counselors make attempts.
Counselors make home visits to mothers within five days of discharge.
Counselors make referrals to community agencies when appropriate.
Counselors mediate minor infractions.
Counselors mediate the exchange.
Counselors meet once a year during the annual scientific assembly.
Counselors meet the immediate needs of students confronting personal or educational challenges.
Counselors meet with affected community members to provide support and group facilitation.
Counselors meet with each group once a week to help prevent and resolve conflicts.
Counselors meet with individuals and their families.
Counselors meet with students individually, in group sessions, and sponsor workshops and classes.
Counselors meet with teens in groups and individually.
Counselors merely guide people and give some direction to their search for solutions.
Counselors note that most marriages are finished by the time a couple seeks divorce.
Counselors now handle specific portions of the alphabet to give continuity in service to students.
Counselors now receive extensive training about cancer pain management.
Counselors now run only one group a day, typically in the morning.
Counselors offer literature, prayer, flowers and local referals for help.
Counselors offer more long term support and assistance with a variety of academic issues.
Counselors offer more long term support and assistance with a variety of issues.
Counselors offer reflective listening, empathy, support, and assistance with problem solving.
Counselors offer small group counseling activities for students as needed.
Counselors offer support and information.
Counselors participate in team intervention with staff to support students.
Counselors pick up body movements, eye rolls, nervous twitches and voice inflections.
Counselors plan a program with the patient's doctors and therapists.
Counselors plan and implement the camp.
Counselors play a crucial role in the admission process.
Counselors play a crucial role in the student's passage through the educational process.
Counselors play a key role in the learning community.
Counselors play a vital role in school safety.
Counselors possess perspective, a key characteristic of which is distance.
Counselors prefer that students having questions come into the office for a face to face meeting.
Counselors promote community involvement and communication skills.
Counselors promote the development of children by planning, organizing, and leading actives.
Counselors protect the privacy rights of each family member.
Counselors provide a variety of services to clients during the counseling process.
Counselors provide academic advising for all majors, career exploration, and personal counseling.
Counselors provide academic advising to new students.
Counselors provide academic, career and personal counseling.
Counselors provide academic, career, and personal counseling services.
Counselors provide additional resources for consultation and information.
Counselors provide an environment for students to explore educational, career and personal concerns.
Counselors provide an opportunity to examine and discuss issues freely and confidentially.
Counselors provide assessments and guidance for students.
Counselors provide assessments, education, and an orientation to treatment.
Counselors provide assistance to help students decide on course, college major, and career.
Counselors provide assistance to help students decide on courses, college major, and career.
Counselors provide assistance with students and families on issues that affect success in school.
Counselors provide career, academic and personal counseling to help students.
Counselors provide career, educational, and personal counseling.
Counselors provide chances.
Counselors provide confidential assistance with personal concerns and career exploration.
Counselors provide disabled adults with comprehensive vocational guidance.
Counselors provide education, therapy, and skills training to all family members.
Counselors provide emo- tional supportive care to victims and family members.
Counselors provide emotional support and can discuss typical reactions to a sexual assault.
Counselors provide emotional support and some in-depth counseling for ASMS residents.
Counselors provide financial counseling to all residents.
Counselors provide follow-up, as needed, to ensure that callers are able to access vital services.
Counselors provide free academic, personal and career counseling.
Counselors provide guidance services at each of the elementary and secondary schools.
Counselors provide individual and group counseling for personal, academic, and career concerns.
Counselors provide individual and group counseling for social and academic concerns.
Counselors provide individual career counseling opportunities for students.
Counselors provide individualized counseling about current and projected trends in the job market.
Counselors provide individualized services designed to meet each student's needs.
Counselors provide information.
Counselors provide objective, confidential help.
Counselors provide on-site services periodically or as needed.
Counselors provide resume critiques and mock interviews.
Counselors provide services by telephone and in person in the client s home.
Counselors provide short-term counseling for a wide range of concerns.
Counselors provide support, information and when needed referrals to other professionals.
Counselors provide therapeutic services to schools, colleges, and human service agencies.
Counselors provide treatments.
Counselors psychologically prepare their clients to be homeowners and pay their debts.
Counselors read medical and psychological reports.
Counselors receive a salary, room and board, and travel reimbursement.
Counselors receive approximately four hours off each day.
Counselors receive extensive supervision from faculty members.
Counselors receive four weeks of training before the first session.
Counselors receive full scholarship payment for their conference costs.
Counselors receive no compensation for their time or effort.
Counselors receive room, board and a small salary.
Counselors receive the same benefits as teachers and other school personnel.
Counselors recieve a salary, room and board, and travel reimbursement.
Counselors recommend that students apply to both systems for maximum options.
Counselors refer callers to professionals when more technical help is needed.
Counselors refer students to respected community service agencies or organizations.
Counselors regu larly see students in distress on a walk-in basis.
Counselors remain on site.
Counselors report that their clients also have other barriers.
Counselors requesting a single room are subject to the same terms.
Counselors reside in the dorm with the SRE'ers.
Counselors respect the privacy of information.
Counselors return after-hours phone calls at the beginning of the following duty day.
Counselors return after-hours phone calls on the following duty day.
Counselors return after-hours phone calls the following duty day.
Counselors revieive a salary, room and board, and travel reimbursement.
Counselors review every college and employment application that is processed by the student.
Counselors review records and interview clients.
Counselors review students schedules and review their progress for graduation among other topics.
Counselors rotate on a daily basis so that the counseling is evenly distributed.
Counselors rotate residence halls, appearing at each once a semester.
Counselors run the twice-weekly talk sessions.
Counselors say at least half of the teens here have some connection with a street gang.
Counselors say consumers tend to overestimate the seriousness of their financial problems.
Counselors say it's a bad idea.
Counselors say the dogs are a tool to help the teens with communication, respect, and self-esteem.
Counselors say there are other reasons they focus less on academics than on psychology.
Counselors say while airline wrecks are rare, they dominate newspapers and evening news broadcasts.
Counselors see familiar abuse pattern.
Counselors see students according to majors.
Counselors see students in classroom groups or by individual appointments.
Counselors see students individually, in classroom guidance activities and in large groups.
Counselors see themselves primarily as schedulers and special education assessors.
Counselors serve as advisors to students until they choose a program of study.
Counselors serve as advocates for the residents needing their services.
Counselors serve as both a support system and resource for students by promoting success.
Counselors serve as responsive communication links between the students and the administration.
Counselors serve as role models and provide ready assistance to the student body.
Counselors serve as role models, helping youngsters deal with life's daily challenges.
Counselors serve each grade level and assist with direction in course selection.
Counselors serve in a variety of roles.
Counselors serve in the ratio of one staff member to two campers.
Counselors serve on each academic team to promote the positive well-being of all students.
Counselors serve the boys equal portions and the boys help out with the clearing of the dishes.
Counselors set up shower schedule, go over cabin rules, and go on introduction hike.
Counselors sleep in a separate tent.
Counselors sleep with their cabin group.
Counselors specialize in areas.
Counselors specialize in counsel.
Counselors specialize in student issues such as anxiety, low self-esteem, etc.
Counselors specialize in the field.
Counselors staff the reception desk and are available on a walk-in basis.
Counselors stand in a line to be matched up with respondents.
Counselors stationed in specific residence halls provide assistance in a variety of academic areas.
Counselors stay on campus overnight in assigned buildings and are responsible for campers.
Counselors still work with students individually.
Counselors strive to provide both encouragement and instruction.
Counselors suggest activities.
Counselors supervise the children during the entire lunch hour.
Counselors supply their own underwear, socks, pants and sneakers.
Counselors tackle the new basics.
Counselors tailor treatment plans to the needs of each woman.
Counselors take into account each student's individual circumstances before providing help.
Counselors take the service to the clients.
Counselors take turns on a daily basis serving as the response counselor.
Counselors talk about the psychology behind sexual offens es.
Counselors talk to students about their goals.
Counselors teach classes in a self-discovery format.
Counselors teach curriculum competencies within their area of specialization.
Counselors teach in one or more skill areas and constantly supervise the campers.
Counselors teach one or more activities throughout the day and live in a cabin with campers.
Counselors teach or assist in teaching guidance curriculum activities.
Counselors teach series of lessons on conflict resolution strategies to classes and selected groups.
Counselors teach students to identify and achieve their educational, career, and life goals.
Counselors tend to work effectively in organizations.
Counselors then call students in as time permits.
Counselors then do initial orientation and counseling when students enter school.
Counselors there estimate one-fourth of students already are sexually active, but students disagree.
Counselors train in diagnosis treatments.
Counselors train in dual diagnosis treatments.
Counselors train in treatments.
Counselors travel throughout Ohio to provide individual counseling sessions at various locations .
Counselors travel within a couple of hours by car to meet with clients.
Counselors treat alcoholism as a medical disease with some social causes.
Counselors try to be available on short term notice but appointments are always in order.
Counselors try to ensure that students take classes that they are interested in.
Counselors try to heal the emotional wounds left by years of sexual abuse and domestic violence.
Counselors typically find themselves isolated on the school staff.
Counselors typically respond within a day or two, sometimes within hours.
Counselors understand sides.
Counselors use behavioral therapy.
Counselors use biofeedback to help tense and anxious students learn to relax.
Counselors use cognitive behavioral therapy.
Counselors use cognitive therapy.
Counselors use curriculum for parent training and support groups.
Counselors use different methods.
Counselors use electronic instrumentation to monitor the body's reaction to stress.
Counselors use methods.
Counselors use one PC per phone to key in info related to phone calls.
Counselors use pagers to stay in touch with kids with spotty school attendance records.
Counselors use the information for focusing their therapy on the personality's particular concerns.
Counselors use therapy.
Counselors use tools.
Counselors use whole class, small groups, and individual forums.
Counselors utilize assessments to gain information and determine career needs.
Counselors utilize community resources through professional referrals then appropriate.
Counselors vary in terms of experience and expertise.
Counselors view learning and personal growth as life long processes.
Counselors view violence as an extension of patriarchy, as a way of men maintaining power.
Counselors visit class rooms for orientation and scheduling purposes.
Counselors visit parents weekly to discuss children's progress.
Counselors visit the campus each week to lead group discussions with students.
Counselors visit the minors regularly.
Counselors walk with youngsters as some parents, left, ride by on bicycles.
Counselors wear many hats.
Counselors welcome opportunities to help with specific concerns related to individual students.
Counselors welcome referrals from faculty for any of their services.
Counselors work a schedule including evening, weekend and overnight hours.
Counselors work around the clock ensuring camper health and safety and promoting camper well-being.
Counselors work both with clients and their families, spouses or significant others as appropriate.
Counselors work by appointment and are scheduled at senior centers throughout the county.
Counselors work closely with clients, taking all necessary steps to preserve the client's home.
Counselors work closely with students and their families.
Counselors work closely with students to ensure their academic and personal progress is met.
Counselors work directly with the campers in each dorm.
Counselors work from a multicultural perspective.
Counselors work full time.
Counselors work in a variety of settings with individuals who have a broad range of disabilities.
Counselors work in centers.
Counselors work in every region of the state.
Counselors work in medical centers.
Counselors work in partnership with teachers and parents.
Counselors work long, hard hours.
Counselors work six days a week, with a rotating day off weekly.
Counselors work three and half days and are off three half days.
Counselors work time.
Counselors work with a variety of clients.
Counselors work with a variety of clientsl concerns.
Counselors work with both male and female students who are, or are about to become, parents.
Counselors work with children after obtaining parental permission.
Counselors work with each client to create a treatment plan tailored to each individual's needs.
Counselors work with English and social studies teachers to identify troubled students.
Counselors work with faculty to ensure appropriate advisement.
Counselors work with families.
Counselors work with individuals and groups where they confront their clientsdrug use.
Counselors work with one person or with a group, depending on the issue.
Counselors work with parents both before and after delivery of their baby.
Counselors work with participants to create an action plan with self-sufficiency goals.
Counselors work with people struggling with a variety of problematic concerns.
Counselors work with school staff.
Counselors work with staff.
Counselors work with students and their parents as the student develops a dynamic plan.
Counselors work with students in a variety of ways.
Counselors work with students in groups or individually to facilitate personal adjustment.
Counselors work with students individually and in workshops to address their specific needs.
Counselors work with students individually, and through programs designed to address student issues.
Counselors work with students individually, in small groups, or with entire classes.
Counselors work with students on both a walk-in and appointment basis.
Counselors work with students to alleviate their relationship, health or emotional concerns.
Counselors work with students to improve self-awareness, understanding and coping skills.
Counselors work with students until the students decide on a major and get an academic adviser.
Counselors work with students, parents, and teachers to help students maximize their potential.
Counselors work with teachers.
Counselors working with abusive men see it all the time.
Counselors frequently play a role in class scheduling and truancy matters.
Counselors frequently work with clients who have little or no experience with financial matters.
Counselors frequently work with clients who have no experience with financial matters.
Counselors often continue their friendships with campers on a year-round basis.
Counselors often have a special area of expertise.
Counselors often note similar descriptions of growth in the same campers during program sessions.
Counselors often note that there are some who laugh at great tragedy before they can cry.
Counselors often refer employers to the specific web site, which is accessible to everyone.
Counselors often value altruism and godd working relationships with their associates.
Counselors usually have private offices to ensure client confidentiality.
Counselors usually pursue a master's degree in Counseling, with a concentration in substance abuse.
Counselors usually specialize in one area of help.
All counselors are available for individual consultation.
All counselors are college graduates or currently attending college.
All counselors are college-age students who have completed a week of extensive counselor training.
All counselors are general counselors with emphasis placed on one teaching area.
All counselors are responsible for some training during inservice and teacher meetings.
All counselors are transfer counselors.
All counselors are willing to help.
All counselors are young married couples who are active at our church.
All counselors have a minimum of a master's degree.
All counselors have one day off each week.
All counselors have post-graduate training in special issues.
All counselors make their own appointments.
All counselors provide individual counseling as needed.
All counselors subscribe to the highest standards of professional conduct.
All counselors use voicemail on their telephones.
All counselors work under the supervision of licensed, professional psychotherapists.
Every counselor has their own unique style and experience to best help the individual student.
Every counselor is a seasoned professional who loves teaching the culinary arts.
Every counselor is assigned a different cabin each week.
Every counselor is given six days off for the summer, as well as one day off during orientation.
Every counselor needs a game plan for each person they see.
Many counselors frequently correspond with our campers during the school year.
Many counselors are eligible to join a teacher's union and so have greater security.
Many counselors are former campers and CITs and return year after year to work with the program.
Many counselors are teachers or teachers in training.
Many counselors believe that feelings follow thoughts.
Many counselors can assist in working through feelings.
Many counselors enter the field from a medical or scientific background.
Many counselors have computers for easy access to digital information college databases.
Many counselors have.
Many counselors make trips into Asheville to shop and enjoy a movie for the day.
Many counselors provide needed help and understanding for people in emotional turmoil.
Many counselors read to their campers.
Many counselors simply have a proven ability and desire to work with people in an outdoor setting.
Many counselors specialize in working with teens who are struggling with loss and depression.
Many counselors think that they provide biblical counsel when they use the Scriptures in counseling.
Most counselors also have cabin assignments, living in cabins with the campers.
Most counselors are college students or recent college graduates.
Most counselors are college students.
Most counselors are the slowest individuals to change old habits of doing business.
Most counselors ask people.
Most counselors assist workers.
Most counselors attend meetings.
Most counselors coordinate patient treatments.
Most counselors coordinate treatments.
Most counselors expect half their patients to fail.
Most counselors focus on help students.
Most counselors focus on students.
Most counselors give information.
Most counselors have degrees.
Most counselors have master degrees.
Most counselors have masters.
Most counselors help effects.
Most counselors help goals.
Most counselors help individuals.
Most counselors help own goals.
Most counselors help partners.
Most counselors help skills.
Most counselors identify disorder.
Most counselors identify genetic disorder.
Most counselors identify specific disorder.
Most counselors identify specific genetic disorder.
Most counselors make attempts.
Most counselors provide chances.
Most counselors provide information.
Most counselors provide treatments.
Most counselors recognize that career profoundly involves the emotions of their clients.
Most counselors specialize in areas.
Most counselors specialize in counsel.
Most counselors suggest activities.
Most counselors train in diagnosis treatments.
Most counselors train in dual diagnosis treatments.
Most counselors train in treatments.
Most counselors understand sides.
Most counselors use behavioral therapy.
Most counselors use cognitive behavioral therapy.
Most counselors use cognitive therapy.
Most counselors use different methods.
Most counselors use methods.
Most counselors use therapy.
Most counselors use tools.
Most counselors work full time.
Most counselors work in centers.
Most counselors work in medical centers.
Most counselors work time.
Most counselors work with families.
Most counselors work with school staff.
Most counselors work with staff.
Most counselors work with teachers.
Some counselors advise students.
Some counselors also say the study underreported the amount that addicts lose.
Some counselors also work in administrative capacities.
Some counselors are assigned to camps.
Some counselors are comfortable using graphic photos of developing babies and aborted babies.
Some Counselors Are More Equal Than Others, pp.
Some counselors ask food intake.
Some counselors ask intake.
Some counselors ask typical food intake.
Some counselors assess body weight.
Some counselors assess weight.
Some counselors believe today's married entrepreneurs have it better than earlier generations.
Some counselors claim to offer distinctively Christian counseling.
Some counselors determine emotional states.
Some counselors determine states.
Some counselors divide their time between two or more campuses.
Some counselors earn additional income working summers in the school system or in other jobs.
Some counselors explain women.
Some counselors focus on campers.
Some counselors give aptitude and other tests.
Some counselors have a bachelors degree from a college.
Some counselors have experience in handling troubled youth or released prisoners.
Some counselors have expertise.
Some counselors help choices.
Some counselors help infertility.
Some counselors help likelihood.
Some counselors move into research, consulting, or college teaching, or go into private practice.
Some counselors perform functions.
Some counselors recommend additional tests.
Some counselors recommend tests.
Some counselors refuse to allow recruiters to come on campus to talk to prospects.
Some counselors specialize in the subject.
Some counselors stay with boyfriends.
Some counselors use genetics.
Some counselors visit employers, training agencies, and families.
Some counselors work evenings.
Some counselors work in colleges.
Some counselors work in firms.
Some counselors work in public schools.
Some counselors work in schools.
Some counselors work the whole year.
All count data is incorporated into a national database.
A count noun is a noun
Count nouns are common nouns.
Count nouns are count nouns.
Count nouns are nouns.
Count nouns are things which can be counted.
Count nouns are usually objects which can be counted.
Count nouns have a distinct form and can be counted.
Count nouns identify individual entities that can be counted, like armadillos.
Count nouns refer to things that exist as separate and distinct individual units.
A count is an investigation
Count atoms below.
Count cows from ten to zero against brightly colored backdrops.
Count dates on calendar and add today's date.
Count looks imprecise, more like bingo game.
Count points as for A-level.
Count rises to eight patients.
Count samples only if the blank is completely free of colonies .
Count sounds in words or word parts.
Count strokes each length.
Count wins if the contestant stays with their original curtain.
Count wins if the contestant switches curtains.
Counts also occur if the referee deems an opponent unfit or unwilling to carry on.
Counts are also available for other locations around the United States.
Counts are also useful with x to specify the number of characters to be deleted.
Counts are always lower on the beach than inland on fine, sunny days.
Counts are approximate and subject to change as new information is gathered.
Counts are aristocrats.
Counts are discrete, since only integers can result.
Counts are easiest to take when regrowth begins after a grazing cycle.
Counts are for files at the site only.
Counts are higher in children.
Counts are investigations.
Counts are no charge and are generally provided overnight.
Counts are numbers.
Counts are percent of plants infested with small larvae.
Counts are quite low - equivalent to controls incubated in total darkness.
Counts are usually on one representative fall business day in each year.
Counts can be very misleading.
Counts chain in feet or meters on the LCD readout.
Counts clicks to each banner.
Counts come from population censuses, vital registration systems, national registers, and surveys.
Counts Come see a no cookie count.
Counts exceed maxspecial setting for other atoms in system.
Counts exclude executive education and professional development programs.
Counts grow daily.
Counts manipulatives one at a time by pointing.
Counts objects to five in a one to one correspondence.
Counts overflows of the cycle counter.
Counts overflows of the graduated floating-point instruction counter.
Counts overflows of the graduated instruction counter.
Counts overflows of the primary data cache miss counter.
Counts overflows of the primary instruction cache miss counter.
Counts overflows of the secondary data cache miss counter.
Counts overflows of the secondary instruction cache miss counter.
Counts provide supportive information for performance measures.
Counts provided by uncalibrated net tows are only relative to other species.
Counts range from bribery to obstructing justice to racketeering.
Counts relate to counties as defined at each census.
Counts reports the number of units falling into each cell.
Counts represent a minimum number of approvals.
Counts show college where the student was previously enrolled.
Counts taken during migration suffer from high variability in counts and captures.
Counts tend to be higher in areas where broccoli, cauliflower and cabbage are grown year round.
Counts transgresses the bound aries between art forms.
Counts turns either forward or back, calculates average jumps per minute and duration.
Counts vary from year to year depending on survey conditions.
Counts often reflect the counters' political leanings.
All counts are open to birders of all skill levels.
All counts are open to the general public.
All counts provided are illustrative only.
Every count contains ballot papers that are disallowed.
Every count registered is accompanied by a flashing LED and beeper.
Many counts have multiple data files that represent various levels of geography.
Many counts ignore job death, and just focus on new hires.
Some counts are exact dueto difficulty of obtaining seed.
Some counts even use halves.
Some counts reflect poorly collected samples and poor analytical skills.
Countable income is calculated by subtracting taxes, the cost share amount and EIEs.
Countable income is determined on a calendar month basis.
Countable income is gross income minus exclusions, disregards, and deductions.
Countable income is subtracted from the base grant amount.
Countable nouns are the opposite of non-countable nouns and collective nouns.
Countable objects are clearly assembled objects, and mass objects are clearly fusions.
Countable resources are determined on a monthly basis.
Countable time is annihilated and simultaneously affirmed.
Countdown operation is set up by entering a negative scale factor.
Countdown page is online.
A countdown is a count
Countdowns are an easy, interactive way to remind people about an upcoming date.
Countdowns represent another category.
Countenance is an appearance
Countenance is important for one's charisma and leadership.
Countenances grow more melancholy.
Counter arguments can strengthen our own arguments.
A counter check is a check
Counter check lets management review feature usage and manual usage.
Counter cultures create lunch.
Counter evidence exists concerning the intractability of poverty.
Counter evidence is the sharpest knife to cut the falsehoods from the truth.
Counter examples abound.
Counter examples shoot back and forth through overheated telephone wires.
Counter images are producd by the script itself.
Counter mode is needed to effective allow high-speed pipelined or parallel implementations.
Counter motion is also present at the beginning of the turn-initiation skill known as anticipation.
Counter names are identifiers, and comprise letters, numerals and hyphens.
Counter offer is presented by owner to real estate agent.
Counter offers are always a tricky situation.
Counter programs are a very different, yet equally powerful, computational model.
Counter programs manipulate nonnegative integers stored in variables.
Counter sales are strictly carry-out.
Counter service is also available.
Counter service is available at no minimum charge.
Counter service is friendly and efficient.
Counter service is friendly and fast.
Counter service is friendly.
Counter service is part of the job description.
Counter service is slow, but friendly.
Some counter services track more than just the number of hits and most are free.
Counter space allows for two or three genealogists at one time.
Counter space is abundant , and various sizes of drawers and cabinets provide ample storage space.
Counter space is abundant.
Counter space is also very important in a grocery store.
Counter terrorism is measures taken to mitigate the event after the attack.
Counter tops appear more spacious when clean and uncluttered.
Counter tops are a little higher with space for wheelchairs to get underneath.
Counter tops are a speckled black granite, above which hang modern art works framed in gold.
Counter tops are for exploring.
Counter tops are tongue and groove pine boards.
Counter tops are unpolished slabs of granite with two dark-green pottery basins.
Counter tops are white kashmir granite slabs, and floors are all tiled with inlaid marble.
Counter tops do fine but tables are best.
Counter trade is another possibility.
Counter transport moves molecules in opposite directions.
Counter value is measured again.
Counter value is measured.
Counter variable is initialized to the start value.
Counter workers perform a variety of duties.
A counter is a table
Counter allows for two genealogists at one time for one hour each.
Counter indicates how many times the main LaughWEB page has been accessed.
Counter isa table.
Counter offers individually and privately.
Counter sink all nail heads, using a nail set or punch.
Counter starts to suffer .
Counter wear to all units.
Counters are a bit large and contain large letters advertising the company.
Counters are a little harder.
Counters are a reminder of what the Web was made up of five years ago.
Counters are a simple way of displaying how many people have accessed a page.
Counters are a very simple way to start.
Counters are acceptable but have to be mounted.
Counters are also available.
Counters are another sticking point.
Counters are available for free.
Counters are available with all plans at no extra charge.
Counters are bad news.
Counters are calculators.
Counters are color copies.
Counters are devices that keep track of the number of visitors to a given page.
Counters are divisions, with up to two per hex.
Counters are easy to set up.
Counters are extremely easy to implement, unlike such tedious techniques as forms and cookies.
Counters are flat surfaces.
Counters are inadequate.
Counters are individual ships, aircraft, clouds, and ordnance.
Counters are innacurate.
Counters are located in butcher shops.
Counters are located in diners.
Counters are located in gyms.
Counters are located in kitchens.
Counters are located in malls.
Counters are located in post offices.
Counters are located in stores.
Counters are much more useful on completed pages.
Counters are nice.
Counters are non-existent, which provides an atmosphere of respect and concern for our students.
Counters are now session related instead than globals.
Counters are part of boots.
Counters are part of shoes.
Counters are passe and clumsy.
Counters are people.
Counters are periodically reset.
Counters are popular.
Counters are quite pointless, though.
Counters are rectangular, with combat and movement factors.
Counters are registers.
Counters are slow to load, and low numbers can make the site look bad.
Counters are sometimes too friendly and overdoing their act.
Counters are successive lines of text which display updated download transfer statistics, etc.
Counters are such a weird web phenomenon.
Counters are tables.
Counters are tacky and a thing of the past.
Counters are technical.
Counters are the best place to sit in a kitchen.
Counters are the same style as the previous games.
Counters are to be wiped clean.
Counters are used for bathrooms.
Counters are used for board games.
Counters are used for counting.
Counters are used for eating.
Counters are used for holds.
Counters are used for kitchens.
Counters are used for prepare meals.
Counters are used for serve food.
Counters are used for space.
Counters are used for stores.
Counters are used for wipings.
Counters are useless.
Counters are very useful for codes.
Counters begin with n.
Counters can also greater increase observability.
Counters can backfire.
Counters can be either text or graphical based.
Counters can be faulty and count incorrectly.
Counters can be reset to measure discrete periods of time.
Counters can be useful but are often used in inappropriate locations.
Counters can count major system events, errors, etc.
Counters can give a total amount if a single currency is used.
Counters can help take frequency measures.
Counters can move one space up, down or sideways.
Counters come in four basic styles.
Counters come in several varieties.
Counters come on their own.
Counters contain a silhouette and drm for melee and fire.
Counters count how many baskets each team makes.
Counters Cover the cookie sheet with aluminum foil.
Counters display levels.
Counters display radiation levels.
Counters display the numbers of beans in the left and right compartments.
Counters extend to a snack bar and island work area.
Counters have (part) countertops.
Counters have (part) sections.
Counters have (part) tableware.
Counters have a name, and a style.
Counters hold symbol, turn of entry note and move.
Counters keep records of how many people visit a particular auction item.
Counters Keep track of the number of users who have visited a page.
Counters line the wall.
Counters look good.
Counters move from node to node along the indicated movement paths.
Counters now reflect real counts, sans webmaster's terrorist attacks.
Counters observe and record bird sightings within a designated area.
Counters represent platoons, gun crews, and individual vehicles.
Counters represent the forces that took part in the conflict.
Counters require cgi-bin and script access.
Counters reset because of move.
Counters ring the kitchen, adding lots of workspace and reserving room for a pantry closet.
Counters seem to give the English designers of Japanese web pages fits.
Counters tend to take a long time to load especially when they are accessed from remote sites.
Counters track the number of times each satellite location encounters a given region.
Counters typically retain their current counted value.
Counters use air sampling equipment to capture airborne pollen and mold.
Counters work by having web server execute a small program whenever the page is requested.
Counters work in pairs, and duties typically require two to three hours' work each week.
Counters wrap an island rangetop in the large kitchen, easily serving a sunny breakfast nook.
Counters wrap around the angled kitchen, efficiently stretching the workspace.
Counters often watch from the patio under the motel restaurant's overhang.
All counters are either of tile or limestone.
All counters have a special code attached.
Every counter is really a custom installation.
Every counter is secured with a password.
Most counters are images.
Most counters continue to count samples while loading.
Most counters display radiation levels.
Most counters run off of cgi programs, which is yet another form of code.
Some counters are free.
Some counters are new and look slick.
Some counters are transparent for overhead use.
Some counters even offer free makeovers.
Some counters give a considerable more detailed stats then others.
Some counters have a meter with a needle moving on it like in a car's speedometer.
Some counters perform same tasks.
Some counters perform tasks.
Counteractant chemicals interact with selected odors to reduce their intensity.
A counterattack is an attack
Counterattack takes the form of counteraccusation.
Counterattacks are possible if the attacker in a charge rolls a sufficiently bad number.
Counterbalance is weight
Counterbalance provides design, consulting, and technical services.
Counterbalanced arm lets deconditioned users develop strength.
Counterbalanced looms have harnesses that work in pairs.
A counterclaim is an action
Counterclaims are currently underway, and an appeal looms in the future.
Counterclaims are legal actions.
Counterclaims are statements that oppose or refute claims.
Counterclaims avoid duplicate lawsuits over claims by each party against the other.
Counterclockwise rotation is a turn
Counterclockwise rotation is positive and clockwise rotation is negative.
Counterclockwise rotation moves the nuts an equal distance toward the center line.
Counterclockwise rotation simulates the direction as seen from the North Pole.
Counterclockwise torques are positive and clockwise torques are negative.
Countercultural style is a form of political resistance.
Counterculture exchanges real power for symbolic power and hence gains only symbolic victories.
Counterculture is a culture of opposition and minorities.
Counterculture is a culture of opposition.
Counterculture is culture
Counterculture is culture.
Counterculture remains free because of donations.
Countercultures actively seek to change the dominant culture.
Countercurrent chromatography uses a biphasic liquid system to separate the components of a mixture.
Countercurrent exchange is also important for preventing heat loss in the extremities .
Countercurrent exchange is important in respiration, temperature regulation and excretion.
Countercurrent exchange leads to gradients for specific molecules from base to villus tip.
A countercurrent is turbulence
Countercurrent flow in a fish.
Countercurrents are another type of transverse current.
A counterexample is refutation
Counterexamples are usually good ways to refute a general statement.
Counterfactual claims are one useful way to clarify such causal claims.
Counterfactual history is a risky endeavor.
Counterfeit gospels look like the real thing, and they fool many people.
All counterfeit merchandise is subject to the laws of the State of Maryland.
A counterfeit is imitation
Counterfeits also exist for several of the poster images.
Counterfeits are completely worthless.
Counterfeits are everywhere.
Counterfeits are imitation.
Counterfeits are inconsistent and vary in the quality of the paper and the printing method.
Counterfeits are quite easy to obtain.
Counterfeits are therefore likely to be detected by experts while the trail is still warm.
Many counterfeits are of poor quality.
Counterfeited goods are still a problem.
A counterfeiter is a slicker
Counterfeiter isa individual.
Counterfeiter isa person.
Counterfeiter isa somebody.
Counterfeiter isa someone.
Counterfeiters adopt methods.
Counterfeiters are books.
Counterfeiters are stodgy purists.
Counterfeiters are the real piracy problem.
Counterfeiters are workers.
Counterfeiters can make their own coin dies, either from scratch or by using original coins.
Counterfeiters can print a coating on the surface as easily as genuine plastic banknote printers.
Counterfeiters engage in elaborate plans to disguise their activities.
Counterfeiters get paper.
Counterfeiters go where excitement is high.
Counterfeiters have (part) arms.
Counterfeiters have (part) body substances.
Counterfeiters have (part) cell membranes.
Counterfeiters have (part) cells.
Counterfeiters have (part) corpi.
Counterfeiters have (part) cytoplasm.
Counterfeiters have (part) heads.
Counterfeiters have (part) human bodies.
Counterfeiters have (part) legs.
Counterfeiters have (part) material bodies.
Counterfeiters have (part) necks.
Counterfeiters have (part) nuclei.
Counterfeiters have (part) personality.
Counterfeiters have (part) plasma membranes.
Counterfeiters have (part) sections.
Counterfeiters have (part) vacuoles.
Counterfeiters leave a host of victims in their wake.
Counterfeiters love online auctions.
Counterfeiters make their bills to look like the real thing.
Counterfeiters only exist because there is true gold.
Counterfeiters reap the fruits of other people's labour.
Counterfeiters take advantage.
Counterfeiters take that as a cost of doing business.
Counterfeiters target kids.
Counterfeiters tend to copy the simplest parts, such as nuts and bolts.
Counterfeiters use plastic substrate.
Counterfeiters use substrate.
Counterfeiters often make a mold from a genuine coin and cast replicas.
Counterfeiters often neglect to change serial numbers on fake bills.
Counterfeiters often use such means to sell their goods.
Many counterfeiters are very good and only an expert can tell.
Most counterfeiters adopt methods.
Most counterfeiters get paper.
Most counterfeiters take advantage.
Most counterfeiters use plastic substrate.
Most counterfeiters use substrate.
Some counterfeiters have success.
Some counterfeiters use technology.
Counterflow systems allow for lower milk temperatures.
A counterinsurgency is a struggle
Counterinsurgency is civilian-targeted warfare.
Counterintelligence is a fascinating and challenging discipline.
Counterintelligence is a tough sell in the United States under the best of circumstances.
Counterintelligence is extremely important.
Counterintelligence is information gathering
Counterintelligence is intelligence.
Counterintelligence produces paranoia.
Counterintuitive action makes a fellow feel smart.
A counterirritant is medicine
Counterirritants also provoke a release of endorphins which reduce pain.
Some counterirritants also have a rubefacient effect, that is they produce local vasodilation.
A countermeasure is a step
Countermeasures also consume weight and space, which means lowered performance or less payload.
Countermeasures Apply the latest vendor patches and fixes.
Countermeasures are in increasing use.
Countermeasures are measures.
Countermeasures are now advisable.
Countermeasures are the third step in the design.
Countermeasures are things carried into space on a ballistic missile to confuse the defense.
Countermeasures are weapons, or combinations of weapons.
Countermeasures Follow corporate security policies and procedures when downloading files.
Countermeasures require technology that is much simpler than the technology needed for the defense.
A counteroffer is an offer
Counteroffers are a headhunter's nightmare.
Counteroffers are also more common in some industries than in others.
Counteroffers are forthcoming.
Counteroffers are offers.
Counteroffers can be tempting and ego-inflating.
Most counteroffers are a mixed blessing.
A counterpart is an equivalent
Counterparts is an active organization.
A counterplan is a plot
Counterplans are a good strategical option for the negative.
Counterplans are fine.
Counterplans are necessary and valuable.
A counterpoint is music
Counterpoint includes cost of shipping, handling and replacement of lost or broken discs.
Counterpoint is a complete presentation tool.
Counterpoint is a drama for seven voices and drums.
Counterpoint is a true second wine.
Counterpoint is an almost constant feature.
Counterpoint is certainly an element which creates polyphony.
Counterpoint is simply two or more melodies played simultaneously.
Counterpoint is the art of weaving simultaneous melodies into chords to form a rich musical fabric.
Counterpoint is the simultaneous combination of two or more melodies.
Counterpoint offers more ways to access regulatory data than anyone else.
Counterproductive regulations are a massive complication for market entry by audio-visual companies.
Countershaded organisms blend in against the background whether they are viewed from above or below.
A countersignature is a signature
Countersignatures are an important part of the vetting system.
A counterstain is a stain
Counterstains involve using a stain of a different color than the primary stain.
A countersuit is a case
Countersuits are costly and rare.
A counterterrorism is a strategy
Counterterrorism includes spoiling action, deterrence, and response.
Counterterrorism refers to offensive measures taken to prevent, deter, and respond to terrorism.
Most countertop fabricators can include an integral solid-surface sink as part of the job.
Countertop materials run the entire range from laminates to natural stone.
A countertop is a tabletop
Countertop isa tabletop.
Countertops are adjustable.
Countertops are available in many colors and textures.
Countertops are blue pearl granite and flannel gray concrete.
Countertops are ceramic tile.
Countertops are formica and have a rolled edge and splash back.
Countertops are one area in which customers have a wider selection in various price ranges.
Countertops are part of counters.
Countertops are pre-laminated at the factory for maximum durability.
Countertops are relatively cheap and widely available.
Countertops are round edge in a variety of patterns and colors.
Countertops are stain-magnets.
Countertops are tabletops.
Countertops come in many more styles today than ever before.
Countertops have (part) sections.
Countertops have different specifications.
Countertops rest on finishing tables.
Countertops scream for service.
Countertops take a lot of abuse and can look worn and drab.
Countertops tend to get damaged too easily in shipping.
All countertops are a soft beige granite, tinged with several shades of green .
Most countertops are part of counters.
A counterweight is weight
Counterweight is steel shot cast in place with epoxy.
Counterweights are only to be adjusted when using camera equipment.
Counterweights are weight.
Counterweights restore proper balance, increasing ease in handling and improved tracking accuracy.
Counterweights straddle each crank pin to balance the bearing loads for smooth, quiet operation.
Counterweights straddling each crank pin also allow smaller, narrower bearings.
Counting classes are at least as hard as the polynomial-time hierarchy.
All counting systems treat some cards as positive and some as negative.
Most counting systems use a balanced count.
Countless activities are availible to each age of camper.
Countless animals find shelter.
Countless animals play roles.
Most countless animals find shelter.
Most countless animals play roles.
Countless atolls look like the ones in the castaway cartoons.
Countless attachments cloud the eyes of the soul.
Countless attorneys seek unjust, skyrocketing judgements for their own financial gain.
Countless biologists follow in footstep.
Most countless biologists follow in footstep.
Countless birds die needlessly in labyrinths of modern development.
Countless books claim privy to that revelation.
Countless children die in wars.
Countless children have their lives and futures ruined or taken because of alcohol abuse.
Countless choices abound great and small.
Countless choices create confusion.
Countless choices make each production unique.
Countless citizens receive travel certificate offers, primarily through the mail.
Countless consultants live handsomely from devising yet more ways to compute bonuses, for instance.
Countless dangers threaten our sacred cause.
Countless details require attention to keep the projects on time and on budget.
Countless difficulties lie in wait.
Countless documents remain classified.
Countless doors are closed on misery and unhappiness arising from the drinking habits.
Countless dories stand idle on their trailers and yet locals treasure the long tradition.
Countless eateries cook up tastes of the world.
Countless examples exist.
Countless examples pop up in the scientific record.
Countless faces peer out from the darkness, waiting to be entertained and engaged.
Countless families continue to be bombed out of their homes.
Countless families maintain their people in their homes until they die.
Countless festivals have a significant presence on the Web.
Countless festivities celebrate the rich past and culture of the princely state.
Countless fish die even before they reach the pet store.
Countless flamingos form a pink blanket over the soda lakes.
Countless freelancers are already familiar with the Web as a way of publishing independently.
Countless girls drop out of school each day because of pregnancy.
Countless hens die from the stress.
Countless homes are near such lines and electric substations throughout the country.
Countless hours are spent working directly with the dogs in obedience and even agility training.
Countless hours go into carving each cane.
Countless hours go into each work as the company strives for a high caliber of artistic expression.
Countless houses suffer from disrepair.
Countless households bring out the old train set for the occasion.
Countless hugs have been exchanged, many tears shed without so much as one word being said.
Countless icebergs float in the frigid waters around Greenland.
Countless individuals enjoy fullness of health in part through their well educated physicians.
Countless individuals sell crack at the retail level, usually in inner cities.
Countless industries purchase photographs for use in publications and on products.
Countless investors surf the Internet each and every day looking for information.
Countless issues confuse the equation for the square-eyed soccer supporter.
Countless items are online and more are coming.
Countless jobs call for arms being held up slightly all day, fighting gravity.
Countless lives are in ruins and the mighty rule the weak.
Countless men hang from trees that disappear into the horizon.
Countless millions drink the stuff.
Countless millions live with debilitating illnesses for the same reason.
Countless millions suffer from malnutrition, poverty, and disease.
Countless mosses occur on knolls built up on the meadow.
Countless myths exist worldwide about volcanic areas.
Countless numbers are published each year, that recommend web sites for different areas of interest.
Countless opportunities exist in construction.
Countless organizations benefit from alumni participation.
Countless paintings exist.
Countless parents continue to eagerly support the program.
Countless parents run to the rescue when they see their children stumbling.
Countless partnerships cement our leading position.
Countless patients benefit from faster, more accurate diagnoses and treatment.
Countless people become sick with diarrhea.
Countless people live in chronic pain as a result of injury or illness.
Countless places have artsy neighborhoods with cinemas and cafes.
Countless planets exist in the firmament capable of sustaining human and other life.
Countless problems arise from the indiscriminate use of such estates by unskilled persons.
Countless processes are to be enhanced.
Countless profiteers refuse to treat workers fairly and with dignity.
Countless projects are out there that can benefit from the assistance of the community.
Countless publications confirm the important of calcium supplementation.
Countless questions abound, yet at the core is one single uncertainty.
Countless questions remain to be answered.
Countless questions remain unanswered throughout the decades.
Countless records speak for theirselves.
Countless residents swear they have seen the apparition.
Countless resources are there to help with the financial needs of students.
Countless saints are completely ignorant of the fact that they already have power.
Countless salespeople do adequate presentations, doing a good job educating prospective customers.
Countless scandals weigh heavily on our minds.
Countless services are available but few offer anything unique.
Countless services offer means of music and file-swapping.
Countless singles fall for that lie.
Countless sites are devoted to individual spiritual disciplines.
Countless skeletons lie beneath the sand dunes or bleach white in the blazing sun.
Countless souls are at stake.
Countless species continue to go extinct.
Countless species grow throughout the world, from South Africa to the Mediterranean to West Asia.
Countless stars are out, along with a few thousand Earth-bound spectators.
Countless stories abound about the early days.
Countless stories exist about incidents which occurred, both strange and humorous.
Countless stories exist about incidents which occurred,both strange and humorous.
Countless stories praise heroes who conquer such beasts.
Countless stories wait to be told.
Countless stories written about the case refer to the boy as a murder victim.
Countless streams cascade down on all sides.
Countless students range in ages.
Most countless students range in ages.
Countless studies prove that pleomorphism is correct.
Countless surveys show that Latin America is the one market where the Web grows at the fastest rate.
Countless tabloids make it their bread and butter.
Countless testimonies occupy our files telling of their effectiveness.
Countless things can go wrong when a monster largemouth gets wreckless.
Countless thousands exist in other Northeastern States.
Countless times is the answer for many.
Countless unions open their meetings with it.
Countless variations appear for every basic suture configuration.
Countless variations are possible.
Countless varieties are cultivated for local use in tropical countries.
Countless veterans find it impossible to talk about the war.
Countless vibrations precede it, countless vibrations follow after.
Countless visitors spend hours watching deer snip and tear plants.
Countless volunteers help to make the event a success every year.
Countless waterbirds pack the sand flats that extend into the bay.
Countless websites deal with divorce, custody and other family-law topics.
Countless women experience miscarriages, and birth defects are on the increase.
Countless women read the story with mouths agape.
Countless women suffer for years and decades after abortion.
Countless women work without ever questioning whether what they do is what they want to do.
Countless words count less than the silent balance between yin and yang.
Countless workers suffer from stress, overload and fatigue.
Countries names list in Spanish , an essay about correct Spanish spelling.
Countries today compete to attract and retain industry, jobs, and plants.
Many countries today have shorter histories.
Many countries today produce and consume laminaria products, but the largest is China.
Most countries today face extensive loss of natural habitats and plant and animal species.
Most countries today subscribe to some form of socialism.
Country air is cleaner.
Country blues is intimate, poetic, soul-searching stuff.
Country boy hits big city, makes good.
Most country boys have the greatest string of yarns to tell about snakes.
Country breakfast includes homemade maple syrup, jams.
Country breakfast includes meat, eggs, biscuits and cowboy coffee and juice for the city folk.
Country breakfast is served home-style in the kitchen or on the breakfast porch.
A country club is a club
Country club views along with professional training in our large gym.
Country clubs are also an important part of the local luxury market.
Country clubs are clubs.
Country clubs are notorious for disregarding local wildlife laws to protect their properties.
Country clubs have swimming pools, tennis courts and golf courses.
Country clubs offer recreation, sports, dining and social facilities to members and guests.
Some country clubs have large banquet areas that often go unused.
Country code has to be added also.
Country codes are Standard, Germany, Norway and Holland.
Country Correspondents can improve the geographical coverage of the collection.
Country dances are folk dancing.
Country dances are highly sociable and fun.
Country dances have simple steps, and dancers move in geometric patterns.
Every country dance is comprised of a series of dance steps.
Country dancing is danced in sets, usually of four couples.
A country doctor is a doctor
Country doctors have a different experience.
Country estates are within commuting distance.
Country fairs abound featuring traditional agricultural and cattle displays.
Country files contain descriptions of all languages spoken there.
Country files provide current political and economic information on specific markets.
Country flags indicate nationality of launch vehicle's prime contractor.
Country folk are violent, drunk, imbeciles.
Country folks linger over breakfast.
Country folks use the back door.
Some country folks move to the big city and quit going to church.
Country gardens can be a theme.
Country girls have nothing to lose and only financial remuneration to gain.
Country ham is a tradition found on many holiday tables.
Country ham is dry-cured with no water added.
Country ham is dry-cured.
Country ham is more about the people who cure it than the people who serve it.
Country ham is saltier and drier than mainstream supermarket hams.
Country hams are different.
Country hams are still around.
Most country hams are available by mail.
Country homes are more affordable.
A country house is a house
Country house feel with traditional English fireplaces plus oriental furnishings.
Country houses search in Andalusia.
Country inns are a business offering overnight lodging and meals.
Country inns are always a popular dining choice for local residents as well as visitors.
Country inns are among the buildings that are regulated by the division.
Country inns provide charming lodgings and gourmet food.
Country lanes are now major roads.
Country lanes roll over hills and curve around lush fields.
Country life beckons new residents and recreational visitors.
Country life ceases to be an abstraction.
Country life is a farce.
Country lists are pages provided by statistical offices, central banks and government departments.
Some country lists are only available via e-mail.
Country men are some of the last good men around.
Country markets are now a distant memory for the band.
Country music blares over the facility's sound system.
Country music burbles from the sound system like acoustic candy.
Country music can be both simple and complex, serious and lighthearted, joyful and mournful.
Country music continues to grow and continues to be very popular with the young audience.
Country music dominates area music sales.
Country music dominates local concert ticket sales.
Country music dominates local radio.
Country music has a new hero.
Country music has that emotion down.
Country music is a competitive business.
Country music is a culture phenomenon.
Country music is a huge business.
Country music is a money machine.
Country music is about the American story.
Country music is always an easy target, especially on a site that posts Chill Out album reviews.
Country music is broad.
Country music is capable of use.
Country music is exciting because it creates a mood for a dancer's rhythm.
Country music is folk music
Country music is folk music.
Country music is for squares and for losers.
Country music is huge there.
Country music is hugely popular in Jamaica.
Country music is in demand therefore so is new material.
Country music is music for dancing.
Country music is music.
Country music is musical compositions.
Country music is piped into the restrooms.
Country music is popular, sure.
Country music is so much more than what has been served up over the last number of years.
Country music is still a huge business.
Country music is strong enough locally to support three radio stations.
Country music is such a part of our culture that it is a special kind of folk music.
Country music is supposed to be the voice of the common man.
Country music is terrible though.
Country music is the best at giving the songwriters credit for what they do.
Country music is the best.
Country music is the most popular form of music on the radio.
Country music is the most superficial music out there right now.
Country music is the music of the people who came to America from all over the world.
Country music is the working man's poetry.
Country music is very intelligent music.
Country music is well represented on Irish radio.
Country music is, of course, a commercial product.
Country music legends.
Country music plays from a small, flour-covered radio on a shelf.
Country music plays in the background for entertainment and adds to the western effect.
Country music plays in the background, setting an unpretentious, barbecue-house mood.
Country music plays on a radio.
Country music seems to be coming to a crossroad and needs some authenticity.
Country music seems to be pulling out of a long boring drought .
Country music tells a story in the most simplistic way.
Country music tests that statement from both directions.
Country music twangs down from the sound system.
Country music works like that too.
Country musicians have it down pat, which can sometimes be a disadvantage.
Country name is also a link to further details.
Country name is obvious from the call sign.
Country name is obvious from the callsign.
Most country names are female.
A country of origin is a country
Countries of origin are Scotland and Ireland .
Country of origin is a technical term which often means more than just where a product came from.
Country of origin is Congo.
Country of origin is often one of the ways the Hispanic population is characterized.
Country of origin is Taiwan, and our products are offered at competitive prices.
Country of origin is the most common characteristic used in identifying ethnicity.
Country of origin makes a big difference.
Country Park provides a location that is close to it all.
Country place serves great Asian foods.
Country pubs are most common in rural areas such as the West Coast of the South Island.
Some country pubs have large open areas out in the back where kids can run and play.
Country radio can attract many more people than it does today simply by becoming more open.
Country radio hates that.
Country radio is the second most popular format on the air.
Country risk analyses Short reports on selected countries.
Country roads are narrow but suitable for strollers and wheelchairs.
Country roads are often gravel and encourage slow driving.
Country roads are safe for biking and walking.
Country roads become tunnels of color.
Country roads have little traffic, and walking paths meander among the orchards.
Country roads lead to dozens of wineries in beautiful settings.
Country roads remain open for car and bicycle touring.
Country roads seem to stir our community like no other issue.
Country singers have to sing about real life.
Country singers tend to be a little older.
Every country singer seems to fall out of love.
Some country singers receive injuries.
Some country singers receive serious injuries.
Some country sites are better than others.
Country songs can sometimes tell a poignant and insightful story about life.
Every country song has a meaning.
Country sports provide an incentive for biodiversity.
A country store is an outlet
Country store features bakery, jams, and specialty foods.
Country store features jams and jellies produced in the farm's kitchens.
Country store has drinks and snacks.
Country store has everything from a deli to a post office.
Country store includes Native American arts and crafts.
Country store is mile from cabin.
Country store offers jams, jellies, relishes, syrups, sauces, salad dressings, ciders and much more.
Country stores are available at approx.
Country stores offer a special thrill for antique browsers.
Country studies are also available on the Internet.
Country studies cover India, Indonesia and Singapore.
Country studies published by the U.S. government are very thorough.
Country swing is different than jazz is different than classics.
Country towns are also good places to raise a family.
Many country towns rely on forest industries for their economic survival.
Country wines offer excellent value for money.
Country women tend to pull in anything and everything, almost, and end up cooking it.
A country is an unit
Countries adopt a peg as a way of promoting international confidence in their own currency.
Countries affect coastal states.
Countries affect states.
Countries also argue about territories, getting parts of territories.
Countries also differ in terms of Internet buying.
Countries also differ in the priority and policies with regard to invasive species.
Countries also have suffixes.
Countries also have their own domains.
Countries also look to regional institutions for guidance on issues pertaining to group rights.
Countries also regulate grain quality and standards.
Countries appear to be strengthening the enforcement provisions in their legislation.
Countries are also different.
Countries are America, Germany, Poland and Canada.
Countries are an artifact of the industrial age.
Countries are areas.
Countries are at various stages of development.
Countries are autonomous in their distribution of domain names.
Countries are awarded spots based on their placing in recent international competitions.
Countries are better off if they fully implemented the macro and micro-level reforms.
Countries are committed to making it work.
Countries are competitive.
Countries are different.
Countries are firmly committed to it, because it is based on solid experience.
Countries are free to implement the principles of the resolutions in any way they wish.
Countries are free to limit or broaden the scope of a sector.
Countries are increasingly concerned about the burden of international reporting requirements.
Countries are increasingly reluctant to take in refugees.
Countries are like computers.
Countries are listed in unwikified form, without flags.
Countries are located in continents.
Countries are located in forests.
Countries are located in regions.
Countries are located in war.
Countries are located in worlds.
Countries are macroscopic models of small communities.
Countries are more fruitful to the soutkuiard than in the northern parts.
Countries are more receptive to the transfer of knowledge than people.
Countries are natural arrangements of people that protect families and the rights of persons.
Countries are neither medi- cally hopeless nor drowning.
Countries are no longer hostages of foreign companies.
Countries are no longer rich or successful or viable because of the natural resources they contain.
Countries are people too.
Countries are poor because others are rich.
Countries are practically at war over fishing methods and rights.
Countries are regions.
Countries are still free to add-in their own country specific topics to the regional minimal set.
Countries are surrounded by barriers.
Countries are the main nations or regions referred to in an article, paper, or book.
Countries are therefore clearly free to choose any sui generis system provided it is effective.
Countries are t-words, because of land.
Countries are used for order.
Countries are useful only as geographic entities.
Countries are vastly unique in the way they structure taxes.
Countries are very confused with all the letters and correspondence they have been receiving.
Countries are very much like corporations, and they are evaluated with great scrutiny.
Countries are, after all, large corporations.
Countries arise and pass away.
Countries arise and prosper and then they decline and are destroyed.
Countries attack each other in the hope of stealing women to sustain their population.
Countries attempt to increase employment by selling products below cost in other countries.
Countries banning it include all of Western Europe, Canada, Australia and most of South America.
Countries become eligible by virtue of macro economic indicators.
Countries become markets.
Countries become trivial.
Countries begin issuing public debt in euro.
Countries benefit from having foreign oil companies contract in disputed areas.
Countries bordering Sweden include Norway in the west and Finland in the northeast.
Countries build shelter.
Countries burdened by unpayable debt deserve a new beginning.
Countries buying arms become even more indebted.
Countries can also become more efficient by reducing tariffs.
Countries can also decide to give some languages the higher level of protection .
Countries can also decide to give some languages the higher level of protection.
Countries can also ease up on college when they do a better job teaching high school.
Countries can also elect to finance specific programmes or projects.
Countries can also get their independence peacefully , like Canada and Norway did .
Countries can also get their independence peacefully, like Canada and Norway did.
Countries can also maintain safeguard measures to protect domestic industry.
Countries can also reserve exhibition booths to display various aspects of their economy.
Countries can and do work together quite well on such matters.
Countries can and do, at times, relinquish portions of their self-rule.
Countries can benefit from privatizing management without privatizing the ownership of assets.
Countries can change and become anti-Catholic almost overnight.
Countries can choose prosperity in a globalising world.
Countries can consider providing protection for plant varieties by patents.
Countries can either get on board or be left behind in the cyber-sprint into the new millennium.
Countries can elect to have either automatic licensing or non-automatic.
Countries can improve or worsen their health by their actions.
Countries can issue their own domain names.
Countries can legally ignore unfavorable decisions, and some do so.
Countries can no longer afford to act in isolation.
Countries can now exploit their natural advantages.
Countries can now play a far more active role in creating their own comparative advantage.
Countries can obviously choose to adopt the dollar as legal tender without our assent.
Countries can only use military force legally in self-defense.
Countries can prevent exorbitant profit taking by applying profit taxes.
Countries can set higher standards, if they conform to the above three principles.
Countries can sometimes spend substantial parts of their budget on defense.
Countries can sustain higher levels of imports when their incomes rise.
Countries can therefore contract with each other on how to deal with online crime.
Countries can therefore share information describing their own enforcement.
Countries can vary a great deal on insurance requirements.
Countries can work together to enhance their common interests.
Countries can, however, impose policies to reduce their birth rates.
Countries Choose from a wide selection of countries.
Countries cited include Bolivia, Honduras, Nicaragua, Mauritania, Mozambique, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Countries Click on the desired country or region on the map or choose from the menu below.
Countries collect data on marriage and divorce at different intervals.
Countries compete and cooperate at the same time.
Countries compete for foreign investment by offering tax breaks, Low wages, free trade zones.
Countries compete for seats within their geographic categories.
Countries compete furiously to seduce the big multinational companies.
Countries compete to provide the best possible business environment for multinational corporations .
Countries compete to provide the best possible business environment for multinational corporations.
Countries compete, companies compete.
Countries conduct censuses.
Countries continue to ask our assistance in responding to emergencies.
Countries converging with Europe in relation to interest rates and exchange rates are attractive.
Countries covered are Germany, Luxembourg, Belgium, Austria, France and Switzerland.
Countries covered are mainly in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Countries covered in the articles include the Sudan, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Jordan.
Countries covered include Argentina, China, and India.
Countries covered include Britain, France and usually Russia.
Countries covered include France, Germany, China, Russia, South Africa and Palestine.
Countries covered include Haiti, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Bolivia, Chile, Brazil, and others.
Countries covered include Indonesia, Thailand, Burma, Taiwan and others.
Countries covered include Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Burma, and the Philippines.
Countries covered include Taiwan, Thailand, Mexico, Brazil and Portugal.
Countries covered includes China, Thailand, Philippines, Japan, etc.
Countries create opportunity.
Countries currently approach the goal of universal service with different public policies.
Countries currently represented are Mexico, England, and Australia.
Countries deal with burdens.
Countries decide policy on a rational basis.
Countries define poverty in different ways, making comparison difficult.
Countries depicted include Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam.
Countries depicted include Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, and Syria.
Countries deserve a new start, free of lingering debts.
Countries differ both in endowments and in the preference for public good.
Countries differ from one another.
Countries differ in terms of where they are in the policy mix, in terms of debt profiles.
Countries differ in the magnitude of crimes and growth and decline of trends.
Countries differ in the way they classify population as urban or rural.
Countries differ in their rankings on the individual components of the index.
Countries differ widely in the extent to which governments finance curative health care.
Countries differ with regard to field emphases within science and engineering.
Countries differ with respect to both inflation-unemployment preferences and economic structure.
Countries discussed include Bangladesh and Senegal.
Countries divide into regional and interest group blocs and work to pass resolutions on the issues.
Countries do conduct inspections.
Countries do get more democratic sometimes, and peacefully.
Countries do inspections.
Countries do mend themselves, and most refugee emergencies do find resolution.
Countries do the same.
Countries doing least well on policy and investment tend to do least well in agricultural growth.
Countries drafting legislation learn from the reviews .
Countries emerging from domestic or international conflict are generally fragile.
Countries enter FTAs because the benefits are perceived to exceed the costs.
Countries equate their currency in terms of the dollar.
Countries evaluate their defense needs based on their most immediate regional threats.
Countries examined include the former Soviet Union, China, Japan, England, Sweden and Yugoslavia.
Countries exchange information to enhance their forecasts and to produce global forecast models.
Countries experience conditions.
Countries experience dry conditions.
Countries experience frequent storms.
Countries experience growth.
Countries experience improvement.
Countries experience reductions.
Countries experience storms.
Countries experience transmissions.
Countries experience widespread transmissions.
Countries export more and more as commodity prices continue to fall.
Countries export their abundant factors and they do so in approximately the right magnitude.
Countries face a greater susceptibility to lawlessness.
Countries face increasing competition from non-state actors over the means of governance.
Countries facing crisis have three problems relating to international liquidity provision.
Countries facing water stress suffer intermittent or localized water shortages.
Countries featured include the U.S., Belgium, Brazil, Malaysia and Jordan.
Countries fighting corruption often focus heavily on law enforcement.
Countries Find even more resources for world regions and countries.
Countries follow dietary patterns.
Countries follow patterns.
Countries forever split or merge, often due to changing views on allegience.
Countries generate electricity.
Countries get energy.
Countries get help from many organizations.
Countries Gives basic information about every country in the world.
Countries go to war over money.
Countries have a natural inclination to close their markets in time of crisis.
Countries have a range of options for monitoring compliance.
Countries have abundant natural resources.
Countries have abundant resources.
Countries have activities.
Countries have alternative methods.
Countries have alternative sentence methods.
Countries have areas.
Countries have bees.
Countries have better options.
Countries have borders.
Countries have boundaries.
Countries have capital.
Countries have censored print and television, and seized videotapes and audio cassettes.
Countries have children.
Countries have climates.
Countries have communities.
Countries have corrupt lives specific to their traditions.
Countries have death penalties.
Countries have death.
Countries have debts.
Countries have different change dates.
Countries have different means of identifying their academic levels.
Countries have different policies on issues such as lighting, desks, temperature, working times.
Countries have different rules.
Countries have different security laws concerning cyber crime.
Countries have enterprises.
Countries have environments.
Countries have facilities.
Countries have farm communities.
Countries have fisheries.
Countries have for a long time redefined geography to suit geo-political and economic requirements.
Countries have freedom.
Countries have government.
Countries have growth.
Countries have habitats.
Countries have houses.
Countries have inadequate penalties.
Countries have inhabitants.
Countries have institutes.
Countries have internal tension.
Countries have kinds.
Countries have knowledge.
Countries have laws.
Countries have methods.
Countries have native bees.
Countries have native plants.
Countries have native solitary bees.
Countries have natural resources.
Countries have neighbors too.
Countries have numbers.
Countries have occurrences.
Countries have options.
Countries have other resources.
Countries have penalties.
Countries have perennial rivers.
Countries have permit requirements.
Countries have plants.
Countries have poach problems.
Countries have populations.
Countries have potential.
Countries have problems.
Countries have products.
Countries have protection.
Countries have regulations.
Countries have requirements.
Countries have resources.
Countries have rivers.
Countries have roles.
Countries have rules.
Countries have services.
Countries have solitary bees.
Countries have stability.
Countries have stringent laws.
Countries have surplus.
Countries have technology.
Countries have tendencies.
Countries have tension.
Countries have test requirements.
Countries have the necessary legislation to designate and manage protected areas.
Countries have the right to protect their own social arrangements and institutions.
Countries have the right to restrict genetically modified foods .
Countries have the right to use forests for their social and economic development needs.
Countries have the right to withdraw from the treaty with six months' warning.
Countries have to control inflation, debt, and unemployment.
Countries have to cooperate together to pool their own resources to face a major accident.
Countries have to keep on importing food.
Countries have tropical climates.
Countries have tureens overflowing with the foodways of their people.
Countries have very different address formats.
Countries have water.
Countries have weather.
Countries having many types of trade barriers, like Japan, is a protectionist country.
Countries hit by the financial crisis also have reservations about paying for the centre.
Countries honored in the past include Italy, Greece, France, Brazil, Ireland and the Netherlands.
Countries include territory.
Countries including Great Britain, Germany and Japan require labeling.
Countries increasingly recognise the essentials of a comprehensive ethics strategy.
Countries involved have mutual quotas.
Countries involved include Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Moldova.
Countries involved include Wales, Finland, Poland, Italy, Spain, Holland, Belgium and Scotland.
Countries issue stamps on international occasions and events or special anniversaries.
Countries known to be working on nuclear weapons include Iran and North Korea.
Countries limit financial resources.
Countries limit resources.
Countries listed are representative of students currently enrolled.
Countries listed in bold type have the most extensive coverage.
Countries listed in the report include Brazil, the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
Countries Look here for new and additional links.
Countries look out only for themselves and are quick to ally with the strongest neighboring entity.
Countries lower their currencies to make their products cheaper.
Countries lurch from one financial crisis to another.
Countries make compromises.
Countries make peace in order to prevent the next war.
Countries make progress.
Countries make significant progress.
Countries measure the success of their trade by their balance of payments.
Countries Meet the teams and organizations of the countries that participate in the Olympic Games.
Countries moving up the development ladder make better trading partners.
Countries named in the case include Japan, South Korea, Spain, and South Africa.
Countries normally have institutions responsible for standards, metrology and certification.
Countries now have to answer for their actions to the international community.
Countries now trade across continents and companies also trade all over the world.
Countries object because it is an unnecessary scientific exercise and it has a commercial element.
Countries offer equal justice.
Countries offer justice.
Countries pay careful attention to the percent of graduates in the math and science fields.
Countries place high tariffs on importation of goods.
Countries planning to form such committees are India and Malaysia.
Countries planning to observe the exercise are Albania, Portugal and Slovenia.
Countries possess birds.
Countries possess mammals.
Countries possess mosquitoes.
Countries possessing a higher technical capability are faster to replicate and develop a technology.
Countries possessing import bans consistent with the Basel Ban are too numerous to list here.
Countries privatize things thinking they can pay their debt.
Countries produce excellent wine.
Countries produce wine.
Countries promise each other to clean up the ocean and save the ocean 's resources .
Countries promise each other to clean up the ocean and save the ocean's resources.
Countries prosper when they get their domestic economies growing.
Countries protect their industries for various reasons.
Countries provide assistance.
Countries provide competitive markets.
Countries provide financial assistance.
Countries provide markets.
Countries provide their metadata in a set of standard formats.
Countries pursue such retroactive inquests guided by the values of the changed society of today.
Countries rally to their flag and in sport to carry the flag at the Olympics is an honour bestowed.
Countries receive funding subject to conditionality.
Countries receiving foreign investment tend to have a mixed attitude towards it.
Countries receiving the loans, therefore, have no democratic input into how the money is spent.
Countries remain committed to dialogue and cooperation.
Countries report consequences.
Countries report growth.
Countries reporting the most cases are Bangladesh, Brazil, India, Indonesia, Myanmar, and Nigeria.
Countries represented in the program include China, Japan, India, Korea, and Nepal.
Countries represented include Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
Countries require increasing supplies of energy to support their expanding economies.
Countries researched include United States, Ireland, Italy, Germany.
Countries resolve the problem in various ways.
Countries rotate monthly.
Countries rotate on a monthly basis.
Countries ruled by sign Aries are France, England, Germany, and Switzerland etc.
Countries see growth.
Countries see immediate impact.
Countries see impact.
Countries seek better commitments from trading partners in negotiations.
Countries seek regional integration.
Countries seek U.S. defense technologies to incorporate into domestically produced systems.
Countries seem to be better off with floating rates or currency boards.
Countries seem to be quite good at starting new programs which enhance the menu of service options.
Countries Select a country from the list below to browse film titles.
Countries send a student representative to attend.
Countries sending steel to the United States include Russia, Japan, Korea, and Brazil.
Countries set their own national standards for exposure to electromagnetic fields.
Countries shape their own destiny.
Countries share common threats to their protected areas.
Countries share common watersheds, flora, fauna, and cultural resources.
Countries sharing borders with Romania are Hungary, Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Moldova and Ukraine.
Countries stands more chances to winning if it was sung in English.
Countries stats The full list of countries is available in a table.
Countries still have to pay a portion of what they owe.
Countries still hosting population of the wild ancestors are in a unique position.
Countries still see networks as a threat to their infrastructure.
Countries strive to attract capital by guaranteeing a high return.
Countries suffer unemployment.
Countries support products.
Countries surveyed include Nicaragua, Cuba and Dominican Republic.
Countries surveyed include the United States, Algeria, and Chile.
Countries take extreme precaution.
Countries take precaution.
Countries take such extreme precaution.
Countries take such precaution.
Countries tend to suffer speculative attacks after their foreign competitors are attacked.
Countries think long-term and multidimensionally, particularly when territory is involved.
Countries trade in different currencies, and exchange rates are necessary to make the conversions.
Countries trade on terms laid down by others on pain of starvation.
Countries trade their surplus production based on their comparative natural endowments.
Countries treat COs in various ways.
Countries try to protect their domestic industries from foreign competition.
Countries typically find themselves in moderate or high inflations as a result of external shocks.
Countries typically have an array of tariffs that are applied to different partners.
Countries undergo transitions.
Countries use different criteria to decide whether people are literate.
Countries use energy.
Countries use nuclear energy.
Countries use products.
Countries use resources.
Countries use the foreign exchange market to convert national currencies to pay for trade.
Countries use their economic power through a mixture of positive incentives and negative sanctions.
Countries use trade policies to attempt to control the importation of diseases and unwanted species.
Countries use wind energy.
Countries vary greatly in size, economic achievement and development ideology.
Countries vary greatly in the application of methods, and systems differ very considerably.
Countries vary greatly.
Countries vary in how they apply or enforce their abortion laws.
Countries vary in how they carry out screening.
Countries vary on requirements.
Countries vary widely in the proportion of births to unmarried women.
Countries vary widely in their public support of early childhood education, too.
Countries violating human rights are very unlikely to favor ostracizing other violators.
Countries visited include France, Holland, Denmark, and Germany.
Countries visited include Madagascar, Venezuela, and Hawaii.
Countries visited include Mongolia, the Soviet Union, Australia, New Zealand, and Mexico.
Countries visited include Scotland and Wales.
Countries work to boost local economies and attract foreign investment.
Countries work with each other based on anarchy even though there is international law.
Countries worldwide represent markets for our products and services.
Country accomplishes that.
Country acts all sound alike.
Country appears on the X axis.
Country approve Buttons beside the hatred against the color.
Country be ever armed.
Country bear living in the big city.
Country born in one winter indeed believe table tennis.
Country boy down in New Orleans.
Country can rely on tourism too heavily and fail to develop other industries.
Country carries throughout a cough yet defend Psy-trance.
Country charm in a revered collectible art form.
Country charm in the city.
Country charm with all the modern amenities.
Country collectibles, glassware, toys, gas-station memorabilia and much more.
Country comes from the same stem as traditional, and it's played on banjos, mandolins and fiddles.
Country condo with amenities.
Country cupboards to dolls, homegrown potourri and features garden tours during the summer months.
Country data German Democratic Republic is a redirect alias.
Country delivers the news and nuggets a country jock needs.
Country does have some virtues.
Country dream home and horse ranch.
Country drives without a purpose are the best kind of outings.
Country enjoys more democracy today than available during previous govt.
Country Enter the country code of the vendor.
Country Enter the country key of the claimant.
Country Enter the standard two-character country abbreviation.
Country Enter the traveler's abbreviated country name.
Country Enter the two-letter country code .
Country Enter the vendor's abbreviated country name.
Country experience a plus.
Country feel and close into city for shopping etc.
Country feel with the city conveniences.
Country goose fashions, and scented fabric apples.
Country has a different meaning for exports and imports.
Country has beautiful nature and culture history, many national parks,churches.
Country has several saline lakes but no perennial watercourses.
Country here is beautiful and people really neat.
Country hits with a charming, redheaded cowgirl.
Country includes parks, vacation spots and many other places.
Country influences a.
Country is a concept of peace, of tolerance, of living and letting live.
Country is a given.
Country is a less formal term for nation-state.
Country is an attitude.
Country is big, steep and rough, mountainous terrain.
Country is cool too.
Country is entered into the Nation Field .
Country is fun.
Country is Georgia.
Country is life.
Country is located in the county of East Sussex in the south eastern part of England.
Country is now third.
Country is oil producer.
Country is OK, but sometimes it pushes the envelope.
Country is our look.
Country is represented with first three letters.
Country is required.
Country is rich in landscape and cultural traditions.
Country is selected from a drop-down list.
Country is the favorite music radio format in America.
Country is the only music on the radio.
Country is the theme.
Country is UK , unless stated otherwise.
Country is where lyrics that are that strong and that topical came from originally.
Country isa district.
Country isa territory.
Country jp no move needed but value is localizable.
Country kg gr. kg gr. kg gr. kg gr. kg gr. kg gr.
Country kitchen with a touch of the past.
Country kitchen with generous pantry area.
Country kitchen with island, walk-in pantry, formal dining room.
Country kitchen with lots of cabinets, counters, built-in oven, microwave, new dishwasher.
Country kitchen with lots of charm.
Country kitchen with modern appliances.
Country kitchen with original cupboards and family room with French doors.
Country kitchen with range, refrigerator and dishwasher conveying.
Country lake atmosphere - Eastern exposure.
Country links An alphabetical index to links to countries around the world.
Country listings from A-Z feature political, geographical, economic, and military information.
Country living at it's best.
Country living at it's finest.
Country living no longer carries the idyllic connotation of a generation or two ago.
Country Look up for country code.
Country mile a great distance.
Country miss to the eight once climb chevrolet dealership.
Country overview information Good web link for general country information.
Country owning territory has right of refusal for specified area.
Country plunges into a civil war that kills an estimated one million.
Country produce taken in exchange for work.
Country profiles on food security, meteorological and other data.
Country provides the best built stove at an exceptional value.
Country really run by dog's smarter poodle wife.
Country really run by dog's smarter then poodle wife.
Country refers to the location where a collector is known to have worked.
Country report on allocation of water resources among water-use sectors.
Country report on disaster reduction in Bangladesh.
Country report on natural disasters reduction in Mongolia.
Country reports , pp.
Country reports for nine focus countries.
Country reports on economic policy and trade practices.
Country Reports page contains vast scope of useful information about Uzbekistan.
Country reports Reports are provided by the national authority of each country.
Country Reports Updating our analysis of the economies of Central Europe.
Country reports, and case studies of established cooperation, are valuable.
Country reports, briefs and other info.
Country reports, industry reports, company directory, event information, etc.
Country retreat with fully furnished lakefront and wooded cabins, all with fireplaces.
Country rides sleigh, carriage, or wagan year round.
Country roadsides are some of the best places to look.
Country seem along some book how protest Antique reference books.
Country seems to be coming around.
Country setting offers privacy.
Country setting with candlelight creates a grand ambience.
Country Shows with live demonstraions.
Country sound with city sensibilities.
Country stars on the Web.
Country syntheses papers and briefing notes are now available for Ghana , Kenya and South Africa .
Country takes off at unprec.
Country touring on the highway offers the best accommodations to be found anywhere in the world.
Country view Information without the fork beyond either cheer.
Country views from terraces.
Country walks from the doorstep.
Country walks info.
Country walks, great cafes and wonderful restaurants close by.
Country walks, shop and refreshment room.
Country weigh by no debt though curl asthma allergy.
Country wide back up service.
Country work ethic in a great location.
Countries frequently have very different rates of cancer incidence.
Countries often expect regional organizations to assist each country equally.
Countries often have a president in charge.
Countries often maintain a sovereign right to apply more stringent provisions.
Countries often provide information to the traveler and are a good contact for basic information.
Countries sometimes take some of the money or goods involved trade between countries.
Countries usually have their own extensions.
Countries usually stage seasonal limited overs competitions in both knockout and league format.
All countries always wish to strengthen their positions in the geopolitical arena.
All countries acknowledge the role played by international trade in economic growth and development.
All countries agree on the detailed definitions of the industries.
All countries agree to send in food and other essential supplies until farms are again productive.
All countries are at different stages of development.
All countries are at risk for measles outbreaks.
All countries are basically social arrangements, accommodations to changing circumstances.
All countries are best in some way.
All countries are countries of immigrants.
All countries are different as is every girl's financial situation.
All countries are eligible to join.
All countries are flexible regarding parent's ages.
All countries are free to enter the championship.
All countries are free to enter the competition.
All countries are in a race to get their governments online.
All countries are in interactions with each other concerning both benefits and disadvantages.
All countries are in process of changing to the metric system of measure.
All countries are included in subcategories .
All countries are included in subcategories.
All countries are predatory animals.
All countries are resolute in their determination to rid the sport of any vestige of corruption.
All countries are self-serving and dishonest when dealing with each other.
All countries are still influx on deciding between the two standards.
All countries are strange countries.
All countries are welcome to become a member.
All countries are welcome.
All countries aspire to develop manufacturing industry and they are all gradually doing so. . . .
All countries bordering Greece exceed Greece in daily oil production.
All countries bordering the Mediterranean are concerned, and all have an impact.
All countries can contribute.
All countries can participate in the Senior World Championships.
All countries confront natural disasters at one time or another.
All countries decorates themselves with a full of azalea and golden bell just coming out.
All countries differ in terms of history, culture, and national realities.
All countries excl.
All countries experience natural disasters at one time or another, even our own.
All countries experience regular ups and downs in the growth of output, jobs, income and spending.
All countries experience some form of political conflict.
All countries face catastrophes and emergencies due to conditions beyond their control.
All countries face the problems of protecting the environment.
All countries grow some crops imported from other regions.
All countries hate their immediate neighbors and like the next but one.
All countries have a code except the United States.
All countries have a colonial history.
All countries have a comparative advantage in some products.
All countries have a day that celebrates their nation.
All countries have a mix of funding sources.
All countries have a relatively high GDP, some areas richer than others.
All countries have a responsibility to mitigate the effects of climate change.
All countries have a stake in effective, efficient institutions.
All countries have a substantial stake in economic stability and development in the Asian region.
All countries have a two character identifier.
All countries have access to the same database.
All countries have alumni associations.
All countries have areas of water stress due to uneven distribution.
All countries have charges for larger purchases.
All countries have data for assessing wealth creation, but nothing for assessing wealth destruction.
All countries have information gap problems to a greater or lesser degree.
All countries have local customs which are deeply embedded in their respective cultures.
All countries have marketing and distributing facilities.
All countries have much more to gain than to lose from opening up their markets.
All countries have occasional outbreaks of dangerous illnesses or diseases.
All countries have policy or legal instruments in place to ensure that EIAs are carried out.
All countries have problems with the levels of reporting of abuse, some more than others.
All countries have procedures allowing for the temporary importation of goods across their borders.
All countries have programmes on cultural diversity and gender equity.
All countries have serious improvements to make in many areas of forest care.
All countries have similar interests, needs and driving forces towards the information society.
All countries have some protected forests.
All countries have specific technical assistance needs and requirements.
All countries have the equal right to participate therein.
All countries have the right to defend their people from terrorists.
All countries have the right to exist in security.
All countries have the right to participate therein on an equal footing.
All countries have the same text.
All countries have their defining moments.
All countries have their excellent doctors and nurses.
All countries have their own culture, custom, and life style.
All countries have their own leagues.
All countries have their right to stay out of foreign affairs when it wants to.
All countries have their youngsters parade in stadiums now and then.
All countries have there own rules regarding citizenship.
All countries have to do more to close the gap between boys and girls in school.
All countries listed below contain one or more possible Executive matches.
All countries maintain information on doing business in their country under government web sites.
All countries normally face structural deficits in wheat.
All countries owe money to someone.
All countries participate in the debate.
All countries possess such treasures, here is a pathway to Ireland.
All countries protect jobs for their own citizens.
All countries provide some sort of connectivity.
All countries recognize that intelligence is and has been inherently a national responsibility.
All countries require a valid passport.
All countries require inoculations.
All countries require that clinical trials get regulatory and ethical approval before they start.
All countries require that the importer make a declaration on incoming foreign goods.
All countries require valid passports.
All countries serve as equal partners within the coalition.
All countries stand to gain from improving the way their enterprises operate.
All countries welcome.
All country sigh extremely, or an plow above many path told.
Any country attracts tourist traffic only if visiting it is thought to be an enjoyable experience.
Any country can have a quick result.
Any country can have quick results.
Any country can scoop up Japan.
Any country can wait.
Any country can withdraw from the agreement for three years after it comes into effect.
Any country does.
Any country filled with noble beings is bound to be peaceful and happy.
Any country has the ability to have or even use the atomic bomb.
Any country is eligible to apply for membership, by invitation from existing members.
Any country losing a war has some grounds on which to feel sorry for itself.
Any country producing wine is likely to produce brandy.
Every country arrives at socialism out of their own history, experiences, culture and traditions.
Every country borrows money for development.
Every country can do something now to assure a liveable environment for generations to come.
Every country celebrates different holidays.
Every country celebrates quite a number of holidays and feasts.
Every country depends on volunteers.
Every country desires self-initiative.
Every country determines a specific quota which is valid for other countries.
Every country does it.
Every country does, too.
Every country enjoying industrial background can build nuclear power plants.
Every country experiences failures and delays in the initial stages of development in such areas.
Every country faces severe difficulties at certain times.
Every country gets the circus it deserves.
Every country gets the government they deserve.
Every country gets the Internet pundit it deserves.
Every country has a different healthcare system.
Every country has a different situation.
Every country has a little different name for marihuana.
Every country has a medical unit and a medical provider.
Every country has a military force, and it by definition bears arms.
Every country has a military to protect itself from invasion.
Every country has a national flag and anthem, a fact most people take for granted.
Every country has a national flag, which flies over government buildings.
Every country has a national weather centre, or so-called, meteorological office.
Every country has a network.
Every country has a people, culture and history appropriate to it.
Every country has a two-letter code under which it owns all the Internet domain names.
Every country has a unique artistic culture.
Every country has a unique historical and cultural heritage.
Every country has a very sophisticated set of social skills.
Every country has a wide diversity of economic interests, both as producers and consumers.
Every country has accidents.
Every country has attributes that people find appealing.
Every country has both common and unique child birthing problems and solutions.
Every country has different age requirements.
Every country has different kinds of ecosystems like for example forests, wetlands, river, and etc.
Every country has different requirements for foreigners coming into the country to work.
Every country has different requirements.
Every country has different visa requirements, and they are always subject to change.
Every country has entry regulations and some require special tests.
Every country has famous holidays because they symbolize the customs of people.
Every country has good and bad traditions in their culture's treatment of women.
Every country has holidays.
Every country has human rights abuses - even the United States.
Every country has interesting, and sometimes unusual, festivals.
Every country has it peculiarities.
Every country has it s special caracteristic look.
Every country has it's own indigenous style or method of grappling.
Every country has it's own tax laws and practices on the import of books.
Every country has it's regulations and when in Rome, yada yada yada.
Every country has much to recommend it, but it's all relative.
Every country has naughty banks.
Every country has one great story to tell.
Every country has problems of human rights.
Every country has problems.
Every country has rewritten history depending on time and situation - it is the same with India.
Every country has some documents which it classifies.
Every country has some rules to hability a forreign professional.
Every country has some set of minimum guidelines governing the operation of factories.
Every country has something precious passed down from preceding generations.
Every country has something special to offer.
Every country has something special.
Every country has something that it particularly likes to spend money on.
Every country has stamps.
Every country has such a requirement, though the actual limit varies.
Every country has sun, wind, and biomass.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Every country has the right and the responsibility to establish a policy of food labelling.
Every country has the right to examine other countries' human rights record.
Every country has the same underlying problems.
Every country has their own data collection rules, their own privacy rules, their own libel laws.
Every country has their own forms of entertainment.
Every country has their own laws pertaining to duties and taxes.
Every country has their own numerical system for grading difficulty.
Every country has their own process and requirements in obtaining a visa.
Every country has their own requirements regarding the importation of animals.
Every country has their own rule.
Every country has their own set of laws and each is unique to that country.
Every country has to have a day here, reasoned Rielly.
Every country has to have one.
Every country has tough, determined fighters.
Every country has trade marks they can be proud of.
Every country has unique goods and services to offer to the world.
Every country has unique ways of accomplishing the same mission.
Every country has ways and means of correctly and timely keeping economic efficiency in the economy.
Every country here has a role to play in protecting their global neighbours from POPs.
Every country here is led by a democratically elected government.
Every country hides behind a white door.
Every country is a give and take relationship.
Every country is against another.
Every country is an adventure in language, customs, and culture.
Every country is at the mercy of markets.
Every country is composed of politicians, politists, and people.
Every country is concerned to ensure that the consumers are supplied with food that is safe to eat.
Every country is controlled by the same internationalists as is Canada.
Every country is different and needs different types of regions.
Every country is different in their policies in regard to restrictions.
Every country is different, and a currency has to reflect the economy of each country.
Every country is different.
Every country is entitled to a few mistakes.
Every country is filled with people groups.
Every country is less defined than it used to be-the changes are amazing.
Every country is listed here alphabetically.
Every country is listed.
Every country is portrayed in precious and semi-precious stones from around the world.
Every country is provided with an individual score, allowing for cross-country comparisons.
Every country is represented in the game.
Every country is unique and each has different document requirements.
Every country is what it is for complex and deep historical reasons.
Every country is willing to comply fully.
Every country keeps certain things secret.
Every country loses while global corporations win.
Every country makes mistakes.
Every country needs a certain amount of debt.
Every country needs a constitution.
Every country needs firm but fair immigration laws.
Every country needs innovative workplaces and organizations that foster creativity.
Every country needs it.
Every country needs to have a sense of self.
Every country needs weapons to defend itself.
Every country possesses, it seems, the sort of cuisine it is appreciative enough to want.
Every country presents history with a nationalistic angle.
Every country protects itself with visas, and it makes sense that Croatia does the same.
Every country requires different travel skills.
Every country says it is fine.
Every country seems to have a criminal folk hero.
Every country seems to have an impish, creature who is the cause of numerous household mishaps.
Every country serves tea or coffee traditionally in different looking cups.
Every country sets minimum reclaims.
Every country shares common places.
Every country struggles with how to provide quality health care at an affordable price.
Every country wants a player to play abroad.
Every country wants both in order to prosper.
Every country wants to protect it's currency and prevent fake money from being passed around.
Many countries actually pay more than their share of the global economy.
Many countries actually use talc production as a major source of export capital.
Many countries adopt a liberal stance regarding the placement of assets outside the jurisdiction.
Many countries advance the time by one hour during summer.
Many countries aim to get PC access in their schools.
Many countries allow delinquent children to be tried and sentenced as adults.
Many countries allow small business people to deduct the business expenses from the business income.
Many countries allow the importation of frozen canine semen.
Many countries already have appropriate legislation.
Many countries also have national organizations which coordinate standardization.
Many countries also have similar information available on the Internet.
Many countries also have trade promotion offices, mainly located in New York.
Many countries also have traditions that are unique to their culture.
Many countries also lack financial and legal professionals with biotech expertise.
Many countries also lack information about the correct use of second-line drugs.
Many countries also maintain a genealogy Web site.
Many countries also maintain foreign trade offices in the United States.
Many countries also offer inclusive rates which include coverages in that country.
Many countries also require a visa or a tourist card.
Many countries also require an entry visa.
Many countries also subsidise energy production to protect local output and employment.
Many countries also survey men on family planning and health issues.
Many countries also use the millibar or hectopascal to give aviation altimeter settings .
Many countries apply stringent rules as to the acceptability of some items being imported.
Many countries are able to legally grow the hemp plants, and manufacture many new products.
Many countries are able to play an influential and constructive role in their regions.
Many countries are available.
Many countries are concerned about recruitment to science and to mathematics undergraduate courses.
Many countries are desperate for the investment and jobs created by new mines.
Many countries are enthusiastic to improve their training methods.
Many countries are far down the line of environmental collapse.
Many countries are honoured in the periodic table.
Many countries are in the process of developing or licensing such repositories.
Many countries are in the process of reforming their militaries.
Many countries are involved, but India remains the leader.
Many countries are more relaxed about the matter, notably Great Britain.
Many countries are now below the replacement level of births.
Many countries are self sufficient in the production of cut flowers.
Many countries are simply unable to protect their currencies from speculative attack.
Many countries are simultaneously sources of, and destinations for, migrants.
Many countries are so proud of their dialects.
Many countries are still available to choose from.
Many countries are still available.
Many countries are still open but are filling fast.
Many countries are two years or have varying laws.
Many countries are very tough with their import laws,especially regarding meat products.
Many countries assess a tariff on the importation of electronic products.
Many countries ban newspapers or books.
Many countries believe the time for change is long overdue.
Many countries can do the same if they support female hockey.
Many countries choose shock measures which end in social unrest.
Many countries claim that the free trade system is essential for social prosperty.
Many countries claim the patronage of a particular saint.
Many countries claim to have free education, free health care, free water.
Many countries complete.
Many countries completely ban or strictly limit wildlife trade.
Many countries consider a ladybug to be a sign of good luck.
Many countries continue to be weighted down by inordinate debt overhangs.
Many countries continue to send aid and volunteers specialized in required emergency work.
Many countries continue to take their own measures to keep the outbreak at bay.
Many countries control drug prices.
Many countries control phosphate levels, whereas Switzerland has banned the use of phosphates.
Many countries control the movement of military personnel and civilians at their borders.
Many countries deal harshly with foreigners who are involved in traffic accidents.
Many countries debar the use of cartoon characters to endorse products.
Many countries demand high quality genetics for breed and herd improvement.
Many countries depend upon a vibrant tourism industry as part of their economic base.
Many countries distribute information material.
Many countries do allow foreigner to register their domain name.
Many countries do business using bribes and secret payoffs.
Many countries do report.
Many countries employ officials who are without any sense of humour.
Many countries encourage singles to adopt.
Many countries encourage the use of xylitol in gum because it reduces tooth decay.
Many countries engage in mutual assistance in criminal matters.
Many countries engage in systematic surveillance against their citizens.
Many countries especially developing and transition economies lack both.
Many countries even allow prisoners to vote.
Many countries face a rise in militarism, fundamentalism and suppression.
Many countries face barriers to identifying and controlling releases of POPs.
Many countries face difficulties in attracting, motivating, and retaining high quality employees.
Many countries face major challenges in managing the impact of pollution, especially in big cities.
Many countries fail to report data on smaller vessels and their fish landings.
Many countries follow customs that are special to their country.
Many countries follow different calendars and celebrate different holidays.
Many countries follow the European model, which accords certain rights to all employees.
Many countries forbid foreigners to buy property, especially in the most desirable areas.
Many countries forbid importation of exotic pets.
Many countries give women more control than the United States.
Many countries handle their elections quite differently.
Many countries has their own manga production and especially in Asia some time ago.
Many countries have a context for career development that is similar to the Canadian scene.
Many countries have a departure tax.
Many countries have a limited registration period, usually five years.
Many countries have a long way to go to meet their emissions objectives.
Many countries have a multitude of electrical outlet configurations, some to ridiculous proportions.
Many countries have a national water supply policy.
Many countries have a similar fund.
Many countries have a tax treaty with the United States.
Many countries have a variety of awards for both radio and television.
Many countries have a zero tolerance level for karnal bunt in imported wheat.
Many countries have access to it, and it is inexpensive.
Many countries have agreements to share information about banking and other financial transactions.
Many countries have anti-trust laws to prevent price collusion and monopolistic behavior by firms.
Many countries have areas that are officially or unofficially referred to as highlands.
Many countries have children with no place to go and no hope for the future.
Many countries have constitutions.
Many countries have corresponding or feeder organizations.
Many countries have courts martial that are equipped to adjudicate such rare cases.
Many countries have culture collections of organisms, be it fungi, bacteria or whatever.
Many countries have customs regulations designed to raise revenues and create jobs.
Many countries have different definitions for the term.
Many countries have different standard paper sizes and use two hole punches instead of three.
Many countries have different telecommunications laws and practices.
Many countries have difficulty coming to grips with the evolving system of international relations.
Many countries have diplomatic missions, embassies or trade offices in Nairobi.
Many countries have entry and departure taxes payable at the airport upon arrival or departure.
Many countries have excellent systems of buses, subways, and trains.
Many countries have extensive quotes.
Many countries have favourable tax regimes for mutual funds, to encourage saving.
Many countries have figures similar to the United States.
Many countries have good television and radio networks, and health messages often get free air time.
Many countries have greater tax legislation to make an attempt to eradicate financial privacy.
Many countries have helicopter carriers because they are cheaper than aircraft carriers.
Many countries have herds where little cattle movement occurs so herds are virtually closed.
Many countries have home pages with lots of information about their culture and people.
Many countries have independent assessments of research and teaching quality.
Many countries have independent investigations of such deaths.
Many countries have individual flag templates.
Many countries have information from their national statistical bureaus online.
Many countries have informative and exciting sites.
Many countries have issues impacting the local labor force that have a cultural base.
Many countries have laws about prostitution.
Many countries have laws against child pornography .
Many countries have laws against child pornography.
Many countries have laws against sedition, laws that are unpopular except in wartime.
Many countries have laws mandating accessibility at some level.
Many countries have laws or bylaws as to minimum requirements.
Many countries have laws or political situations which can limit cross-border rentals.
Many countries have laws protecting non-human animals from excessive cruelty.
Many countries have laws that mandate accessibility at some level.
Many countries have laws that prevent citizens giving up their nationality.
Many countries have laws that protect the rights of an individual to own property.
Many countries have laws that require the use of booster seats .
Many countries have laws that require the use of booster seats.
Many countries have legislation against domestic and offshore trusts.
Many countries have legislation which sets limits on the composition of pollutants in the effluent.
Many countries have less political stability and less diverse economies than the United States.
Many countries have less than ten chiropractors in the entire country.
Many countries have 'libertarian political parties'.
Many countries have limited access to farms and certain countryside areas because the outbreak.
Many countries have limited resources with which to enforce even the best forest policies.
Many countries have local fan-out lists.
Many countries have more than sufficient capability to utilize and apply biotechnology.
Many countries have national accounts statistics included in a country report.
Many countries have national grids.
Many countries have national holidays.
Many countries have national legislation in place to avoid excessive market power.
Many countries have national normative tests in English.
Many countries have no capacities, what so ever, to train agricultural machinery operators.
Many countries have no laws against kiddie porn on the Internet.
Many countries have no special structures for training hotel and tourism staff.
Many countries have official bodies that monitor drug safety and reactions.
Many countries have operators and regulators in different agencies.
Many countries have other orientations with which the alumni can help.
Many countries have peace problems fighting over land, property, religon, and government.
Many countries have poor or non-existent water treatment facilities.
Many countries have prime ministers, presidents, dictators, kings, or queens for leaders.
Many countries have quarantine laws regarding animals.
Many countries have reciprocal agreements with the U.S. when it comes to social security.
Many countries have representative offices and consulates in China.
Many countries have representative offices and consulates in India.
Many countries have representative offices and consulates in Singapore.
Many countries have representative offices and consulates in the Philippines.
Many countries have research funds which rival U.S. sources.
Many countries have routine health regulations concerning travel and trade.
Many countries have rural news media.
Many countries have school health programmes, and many agencies have decades of experience.
Many countries have sectarians massacres.
Many countries have separate regulations for opiate prescriptions.
Many countries have significant renewable installations and programs.
Many countries have similar geodetic surveys, however very few provide their data directly on-line.
Many countries have some type of parliamentary system or proportional representation.
Many countries have special stamps for parcel post service.
Many countries have stiff penalties for drug violations and strictly enforce drug laws.
Many countries have stiff penalties for drug violations and strictly enforce laws.
Many countries have such references in their laws, called exposure limits .
Many countries have ten-year statutes of repose.
Many countries have the rule of law.
Many countries have the tradition of changing history as their leaders change.
Many countries have their own guidelines for the care and welfare of their laboratory animals.
Many countries have their own Independence Day they celebrate.
Many countries have their own national standards organizations.
Many countries have their own Pre-U examinations.
Many countries have their own RDAs.
Many countries have their own satellites.
Many countries have their own sign language.
Many countries have their own style of pie and they have their own name .
Many countries have their own style of pie and they have their own name.
Many countries have their own subcategories.
Many countries have their own traditional dances.
Many countries have their own traditional patterns.
Many countries have their own version of 'The Apprentice', each having a different person in charge.
Many countries have their own version of the shawm, including Japan, Kenya, Iraq, and Spain.
Many countries have total budget smaller than that.
Many countries have tourist boards in Washington, D.C. and New York City.
Many countries have traditions which are kept alive by determined and dedicated individuals.
Many countries have 'truth in advertising' laws.
Many countries have various legal regulations in place to protect pregnant women and their children.
Many countries have very satisfactorily integrated medical care systems.
Many countries have very strict laws regarding importing exploitation videos.
Many countries have very strict regulations about animals brought into the country.
Many countries have very strict restrictions on foreigh ownership.
Many countries have web sites with histories, photographs and documents.
Many countries have web sites with information regarding visitor visas.
Many countries have what are commonly called American or international schools.
Many countries have yet to reorganise their armies to be able to rapidly deploy to conflict areas.
Many countries honor marmots on postage stamps.
Many countries identify energy-efficient appliances using energy input labeling.
Many countries import live bees from New Zealand.
Many countries impose heavy tariffs on international calls as a way of subsidizing domestic calling.
Many countries impose restrictions on export of antique items.
Many countries impose tariffs on medicine, adding to their cost.
Many countries impose tarrifs and customs duties on shipments from the United States.
Many countries impose various requirements on selling or using electronics in their country.
Many countries including America and China have abundant coal reserves.
Many countries increase their consumption of animal products as their standard of living rises.
Many countries lack access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation.
Many countries lack basic data about their education systems.
Many countries lack legislation or even guidelines for dealing with the issue.
Many countries lack policy capacity successfully to engage with the global economy.
Many countries lack reliable, current data with which to make good education-related decisions.
Many countries lack special structures for training hotel and tourist staff.
Many countries lack sufficient technology infrastructure.
Many countries lack the capability for extensive enforcement of fishery regulations.
Many countries lack the legal and administrative capacity for administering such measures.
Many countries lay claim to the first commercial typewriter.
Many countries leading the suicide rate have virtual bans on firearms.
Many countries levy import fees on goods purchased from beyond their borders.
Many countries limit access to the Internet to keep government control.
Many countries limit the ability of the principal to end an agent or distributor agreement.
Many countries located in Asia can proudly derive their traditions from that cultural heritage.
Many countries maintain a register of trademarks.
Many countries maintain significant tariff and nontariff barriers to trade for medical technology.
Many countries manage to find sufficient resources for disproportionate military spending .
Many countries now enter the time of birth on the birth certificate.
Many countries now have competitions to select their new vehicles.
Many countries now have legislation that requires chemical producers or suppliers to prepare MSDSs.
Many countries now outlaw the paying of bribes to foreign officials.
Many countries now regard Germany as the most important source of conventional arms.
Many countries now spend more money on debt servicing than on basic social services.
Many countries now take a serious, focused approach from the sandlot to the podium.
Many countries offer an abundance of food sold from roadside stands.
Many countries offer no specific safeguards at all.
Many countries offer programs taught in English for many different majors.
Many countries only have e-mail access.
Many countries openly admit that they have made little progress since the Istanbul meeting.
Many countries oppose the technology, but others are rushing into it because of potential profit.
Many countries outlaw the exportation of native fossils, historical artifacts, plants and animals.
Many countries perform similar missions.
Many countries perform such flights, including China.
Many countries permit the front trade plate to be displayed inside the vehicle.
Many countries permit the importation of drugs for personal use.
Many countries place tariffs and restriction on the import of foreign goods.
Many countries prefer to conduct reviews behind closed doors.
Many countries produce sweet potatoes in thousands of tons making it their staple food.
Many countries prohibit keeping primates as pets.
Many countries prohibit or place restrictions on such operations.
Many countries prohibit the removal of animals from their jurisdiction.
Many countries promote sustainable agriculture through information, extension and technical support.
Many countries provide help for writers towards their professional development.
Many countries provide labor at lower costs than the United States.
Many countries provide publicly funded retirement or health care systems.
Many countries provide some form of tax relief for environmental technology.
Many countries provide specific rules for expatriates which have to be taken into account.
Many countries put a number of restrictions on foreign workers.
Many countries put up more and higher barriers to trade on agricultural than other products.
Many countries receive more than one type of military aid.
Many countries recognize that prison labor is essential to the rehabilitation process.
Many countries recommend increasing leisure time physical activity.
Many countries recommend opening a checking account for convenience.
Many countries recycle much of their trash.
Many countries rely heavily on their coffee exports as a source of foreign currency.
Many countries rely on fisheries as a major source of food and income.
Many countries rely on the use of DDT for the control of malaria and visceral leishmaniasis.
Many countries report the number of radio licences issued rather than the number of receivers used.
Many countries require a rabies vaccination and a letter of good health from a veterinarian.
Many countries require a valid passport for entry.
Many countries require a visa for entry.
Many countries require a visa for even short stays.
Many countries require a visa to gain entry.
Many countries require a visa.
Many countries require an import permit to import seeds or other living plant products.
Many countries require construction workers to wear work boots when they are on a construction site.
Many countries require entry visas for third country nationals.
Many countries require foreign investors to obtain local partners.
Many countries require health coverage for extended stays.
Many countries require passports to be valid for at least six months after entry.
Many countries require passports, visas, medical documents or more, particularly for family members.
Many countries require proof of legal capacity to enter in a marriage contract.
Many countries require similar data be sent to the police.
Many countries require that a passport have at least six months validity left.
Many countries require that gun owners restrict access to their firearms.
Many countries require visas for entry.
Many countries require written permission of both parents before a child can be removed abroad.
Many countries save their high feasting and gift-giving for Epiphany.
Many countries see the American strike on Sudan as an act of state terrorism.
Many countries see the inclusion of landclearing in Australia's inventory as loophole.
Many countries sell commodities instead of finished products.
Many countries serve traditional breads such as pita, soda bread, matzo, etc.
Many countries share a border with China.
Many countries shoulder the burden of international security.
Many countries sidestep or bypass the rules by narrowly defining commodities for tariff purposes.
Many countries specify tolerance levels or population deviation limits from the electoral quota.
Many countries spend more money on debt servicing than on basic social services.
Many countries sponsor wind energy research programs.
Many countries still allow the legislature to grow as the population of the country increases.
Many countries still have hatreds between people of different races and religions.
Many countries still have laws against atheism .
Many countries still have laws against atheism.
Many countries still rely on a handful of commodity exports, whose prices lurch up and down.
Many countries still spend more on debt service than on health care and education.
Many countries still use strong pesticides for sheep dip.
Many countries straddle the border between two regions.
Many countries strove to shed the stronghold of colonialism and win their independence.
Many countries subsidize participants' transportation.
Many countries subsidize sugar production heavily.
Many countries suffer from persistently high unemployment rates.
Many countries supplement their renewable water supplies by drawing down their groundwater aquifers.
Many countries supply black tigers from both farmed and wild sources.
Many countries take great pride in the individuals and teams representing their country.
Many countries take it incredibly seriously.
Many countries think so.
Many countries tie their rights or images of citizenship into ethnicity in some way.
Many countries treat the ocean like a watery garbage dump.
Many countries try to block that information from getting in.
Many countries use a different word to define their styles of unarmed combat.
Many countries use coil stamps.
Many countries use current exchange rates instead of historical rates to translate assets.
Many countries use different date and time formats, which can often lead to confusion.
Many countries use dragons in their art, especially China, Korea and Japan.
Many countries use energy and water subsidies to aid the poor.
Many countries use English as a second language.
Many countries use labor market adaptability as an ideal performance norm.
Many countries use rifle grenades as an infantry direct-fire weapon.
Many countries use sedition as a catch-all term to include anyone who criticizes the government.
Many countries use such flights, including China.
Many countries use two different channel systems.
Many countries use weather satellites for their weather forecasting and storm observations.
Many countries utilize the lizard in ceremonies, still practiced today.
Many countries waive visa requirements for U.S. passport holders.
Many countries withdraw some pension entitlement from working pensioners.
Many country eat dog.
More countries are likely to follow in the near future.
More countries are obviously available early in the registration process.
More countries are open to international trade and investment than ever before.
More countries fall into the high depletion range than the medium range.
More countries follow Other countries are following suit.
More countries have nuclear-weapon capability than ever before.
More countries have sizable wind power potential than have large resources of hydropower or coal.
Most countries acknowledge that the PRC is the sole China.
Most countries adopt the dollar in an attempt to reverse rampant inflation.
Most countries advocate locating the Secretariat of the Commission in either Geneva or New York.
Most countries affect coastal states.
Most countries affect states.
Most countries allow citizens to vote once they are legally an adult .
Most countries allow citizens to vote once they are legally an adult.
Most countries allow parties to determine their politics and candidates.
Most countries allow the builder to receive help in line with the above comments.
Most countries allow the use of some non-varietal grapes in the blend.
Most countries already have laws against child labor, in any case.
Most countries also expand related sections during the process of translation.
Most countries also have a domain.
Most countries also have laws that protect wildlife.
Most countries also release overall nutrition guides for general educational purposes.
Most countries also rely on their leaders and warriors to help give the society definition.
Most countries are available.
Most countries are eligible.
Most countries are hostile to entrepreneurs.
Most countries are in a single timezone, the notable exceptions being Indonesia and Australia.
Most countries are in a trade deficit in foodstuffs and therefore are dependent on food imports.
Most countries are in the process of improving their statistical systems.
Most countries are members of one or more organisations.
Most countries are slightly behind the U.S. on the Internet maturity curve.
Most countries are small.
Most countries are strong in some aspects of internal security but weak in others.
Most countries are surrounded by barriers.
Most countries are the subject of one.
Most countries are unable to meet their scheduled debt payments.
Most countries are very good about little packages.
Most countries are wholly metric.
Most countries are willing to pay a lot for sportsmen.
Most countries are, after all tightening their immigration laws.
Most countries are, in fact, capable of producing enough food to feed their citizens.
Most countries basically work on a residence basis.
Most countries become markets.
Most countries begin teaching second and thrid languages at the elementary level.
Most countries build shelter.
Most countries call it anarchy.
Most countries can expect delivery within four working days.
Most countries can get a visa on the spot in Japan - but check first.
Most countries can manufacture the relatively inexpensive fuel.
Most countries celebrte a national date.
Most countries charge a pet entrance fee.
Most countries choose one dialect of their national language to be the standard form.
Most countries collect taxes only on income earned within their borders.
Most countries compose all-star teams bringing together the top club players in their nation.
Most countries conduct a complete enumeration no more than once a decade.
Most countries conduct bilateral or trilateral military exercises with one another.
Most countries conduct censuses.
Most countries consider it to be ambiguity because of the accent and the spelling of words.
Most countries consist of several people groups.
Most countries create opportunity.
Most countries create their own currency for use as money.
Most countries deal with burdens.
Most countries deal with sex work by legislating against it.
Most countries decentralize political power and money.
Most countries define national identity according to blood.
Most countries demand to see a birth certificate before enrolling a child in school.
Most countries depend on prevention efforts that emphasize criminalization and abstinence.
Most countries do conduct inspections.
Most countries do have airlines, banks and telephone companies.
Most countries do have effective export restrictions that regulate export of cryptographic products.
Most countries do inspections.
Most countries do it.
Most countries do offer registry service and insurance.
Most countries do well on some and less well on others.
Most countries eat four or more meals per day.
Most countries empower their police to collect fines on the spot from violators.
Most countries engage in international trade with the rest of the world.
Most countries enjoy long hours of sunshine with accompanied radiation that can be exploited.
Most countries expect to use cement plants.
Most countries experience dry conditions.
Most countries experience frequent storms.
Most countries experience growth.
Most countries experience transmissions.
Most countries experience widespread transmissions.
Most countries face a high turnover of experts in computer support and networking.
Most countries finance all operational costs from internal sources.
Most countries follow a similar pattern in regards to work permits and resident visas.
Most countries follow dietary patterns.
Most countries follow patterns.
Most countries generate electricity.
Most countries get energy.
Most countries grant a patent to the inventor who is first to file an application.
Most countries have a Bill of Rights.
Most countries have a couple of intractable problems - Indonesia has scores.
Most countries have a cryptography export policy.
Most countries have a good legal framework to combat piracy.
Most countries have a mix of assessment levels across sectors.
Most countries have a national archive for social science data.
Most countries have a national association of surveyors.
Most countries have a national library which collects books from around the world.
Most countries have a similar policy.
Most countries have a stock exchange.
Most countries have a system of licensing of contractors.
Most countries have a tax on the sales of goods.
Most countries have a telephone network.
Most countries have a version of yellow pages.
Most countries have abundant natural resources.
Most countries have abundant resources.
Most countries have activities.
Most countries have age discrimination laws but the enforcement varies.
Most countries have agencies that publish paper maps in various scales.
Most countries have alternative methods.
Most countries have alternative sentence methods.
Most countries have appropriate clothing available.
Most countries have areas.
Most countries have at least one national zoo.
Most countries have bees.
Most countries have better options.
Most countries have capital.
Most countries have certain public policy exclusions to deprive certain inventions of protection.
Most countries have children.
Most countries have climates.
Most countries have communities.
Most countries have consular offices in New York and Rome.
Most countries have consulates in major cities across the country.
Most countries have consultative bodies known in Europe as the 'conseil d'Etat '.
Most countries have consumer protections, to one degree or another.
Most countries have death penalties.
Most countries have death.
Most countries have debts.
Most countries have definite preferences about which format is most acceptable.
Most countries have different rules.
Most countries have enterprises.
Most countries have environments.
Most countries have facilities.
Most countries have fairly simple requirements for obtaining citizenship and voting rights.
Most countries have farm communities.
Most countries have few public restrooms.
Most countries have fisheries.
Most countries have freedom.
Most countries have government.
Most countries have governmental systems in place designed to prevent fraud.
Most countries have great problems making ends and means meet in their health policies.
Most countries have growth.
Most countries have habitats.
Most countries have health requirements to be met before dogs can be imported.
Most countries have houses.
Most countries have inadequate penalties.
Most countries have income support programs for their nation's farmers.
Most countries have institutes.
Most countries have intellectual property laws, and international agreements exist.
Most countries have internal tension.
Most countries have kinds.
Most countries have knowledge.
Most countries have laws against child labour.
Most countries have laws against gambling generally or against private gambling.
Most countries have laws forbidding or restricting child labour.
Most countries have laws requiring birth registration.
Most countries have laws.
Most countries have legal procedures for the acknowledgment of children by their natural fathers.
Most countries have legal procedures for the legitimation of children by their natural fathers.
Most countries have little known procedures for issuing passports under certain circumstances.
Most countries have many laws and rules that regulate tanning beds .
Most countries have many laws and rules that regulate tanning beds.
Most countries have methods to combat e waste and find a use for obsolete technology .
Most countries have methods to combat e waste and find a use for obsolete technology.
Most countries have methods.
Most countries have more central government control.
Most countries have more than one inventory.
Most countries have more than one mailing list.
Most countries have national collections which attempt to be comprehensive in scope and coverage.
Most countries have native bees.
Most countries have native plants.
Most countries have native solitary bees.
Most countries have natural resources.
Most countries have 'no go' areas which are unsafe to visit.
Most countries have no restrictions at all.
Most countries have no statutes against bribing foreign officials.
Most countries have numbers.
Most countries have occurrences.
Most countries have 'official' tourist organisations.
Most countries have one or several days on which fireworks are tradition.
Most countries have only one agency but some have two, one for each type.
Most countries have only one national library.
Most countries have options.
Most countries have organisations that provide accreditation guidelines for riding schools.
Most countries have other resources.
Most countries have penalties.
Most countries have perennial rivers.
Most countries have permit requirements.
Most countries have plants.
Most countries have poach problems.
Most countries have potential.
Most countries have privacy laws regarding the publication of information about people.
Most countries have problems of salinization due to inefficient use of water.
Most countries have problems with the trade in illicit drugs.
Most countries have problems.
Most countries have product safety laws that lay down standards to be met by manufactured products.
Most countries have products.
Most countries have protection.
Most countries have provisions for handling contracts signed out of jurisdiction.
Most countries have public policy exclusions to deprive certain inventions of protection.
Most countries have regulations.
Most countries have reliable mail service.
Most countries have representative offices and consulates in Australia.
Most countries have requirements.
Most countries have resources.
Most countries have restrictions on abortion, something IPPF hopes to overturn.
Most countries have rich and poor regions.
Most countries have richer and poorer regions.
Most countries have rivers.
Most countries have roles.
Most countries have rules preventing airlines from owning airports.
Most countries have rules.
Most countries have services.
Most countries have similar recommendations.
Most countries have solitary bees.
Most countries have special companies and institutions that specialize in terminology.
Most countries have stability.
Most countries have state schemes as well as private schemes.
Most countries have statutes and laws that regulate the registration of births.
Most countries have strict rules about conducting contests to protect citizens.
Most countries have stringent laws.
Most countries have students spending far more time in school.
Most countries have such legal and institutional arrangements.
Most countries have surplus.
Most countries have technology.
Most countries have tendencies.
Most countries have tension.
Most countries have test requirements.
Most countries have the capability to develop chemical weapons.
Most countries have their own domain suffix.
Most countries have their own GMPs for drug and medical device manufacturers.
Most countries have their own kind of money, such as the United States dollar or the British pound.
Most countries have their own national equivalents.
Most countries have their own society or network, many of which are online, too.
Most countries have their own stamps.
Most countries have to revert to plain and simple hostilities in order to extend their borders.
Most countries have treaty agreements that protect the names of important wine regions.
Most countries have treaty ratification systems that are less onerous.
Most countries have tropical climates.
Most countries have unique currency symbols.
Most countries have water.
Most countries have weather.
Most countries have Web sites for some of their agencies.
Most countries hint more than what is necessary in order to get some of our aid.
Most countries hold a national conference.
Most countries import a high proportion of their total maize needs.
Most countries import only to meet unmet demand from domestic production.
Most countries impose an upper limit.
Most countries impose no restrictions on the use of encryption by their citizens.
Most countries including Canada and Mexico only allow one or two boxes per passenger.
Most countries issue similar types of securities.
Most countries issue their own stamps, but belong to an international postal union.
Most countries know what they have to do to interact with outside markets.
Most countries lack the rich experience of the United States as a destination for immigrants.
Most countries levy taxes on alcohol that is intended for drinking purposes.
Most countries like to use images of native wildlife and plants on their postage stamps.
Most countries limit financial resources.
Most countries limit resources.
Most countries limit the sale of the different kinds of alcohol .
Most countries limit the sale of the different kinds of alcohol.
Most countries look at the veterinary profession as a very neutral profession.
Most countries make compromises.
Most countries make progress.
Most countries make significant progress.
Most countries measure labour force participation rates and unemployment.
Most countries measure their success in terms of medals won.
Most countries now have professional associations concerned with landscape architecture.
Most countries now have stiff patrimony laws prohibiting their export.
Most countries now have such a national poison center, eg.
Most countries now have their own top domains, such as .uk for the UK or .fr for France.
Most countries now rely on the latter.
Most countries now seek to assess and mitigate potential damage from new infrastructural investment.
Most countries offer a wide range of training to public service workers.
Most countries offer equal justice.
Most countries offer justice.
Most countries outlaw bestiality but homosexual activity is gradually being decriminalized.
Most countries outlaw pyramiding.
Most countries peg their exchange rate with the United States.
Most countries permit a person to renounce or otherwise lose citizenship.
Most countries place a size limitation on the packages coming into their countries.
Most countries plan to stock the bulk of their machines by the end of the first week, however.
Most countries possess birds.
Most countries possess limited resources to sustain a large education and training infrastructure.
Most countries possess mammals.
Most countries possess mosquitoes.
Most countries practice wiretap under some circumstances to gather evidence of criminal behavior.
Most countries prefer round manhole covers to square ones.
Most countries primarily use the ad valorem rate.
Most countries produce excellent wine.
Most countries produce their own wine.
Most countries produce wine.
Most countries provide assistance.
Most countries provide competitive markets.
Most countries provide financial assistance.
Most countries provide markets.
Most countries provide statistics on the basis of citizenship.
Most countries publish environment statistics yearbooks and sectoral reports.
Most countries recognise the concept of security over trade receivables.
Most countries recognize the significance of the award and work to avoid the designation.
Most countries reject Israel's sovereignty over Jerusalem, saying the city's status is unresolved.
Most countries report consequences.
Most countries report growth.
Most countries require a passport to be valid several months after the planned return date.
Most countries require a passport, some a visa as well.
Most countries require a phytosanitary certificate.
Most countries require a prescription from a physician in that country accompany the shipment.
Most countries require a visa for travel to India.
Most countries require any rum to be aged for a year before bottling.
Most countries require companies to withhold tax from dividends sent overseas.
Most countries require foreign employees to acquire a resident visa that includes a work permit.
Most countries require licenses for the keeping of venomous snakes.
Most countries require one of the partners to be a citizen or permanent resident.
Most countries require proof of vaccination to enter if travellers have visited an infected area.
Most countries require that a valid U.S. passport be presented.
Most countries require that an invention be novel or new in order to receive a patent.
Most countries require that foreign residents prove a regular external source of income.
Most countries restrict foreign ownership of television channels.
Most countries see growth.
Most countries see immediate impact.
Most countries see impact.
Most countries seem to involve local community groups in the national planning process.
Most countries share our concern for principle.
Most countries show a similar pattern of retirement.
Most countries simply issue a visa without status.
Most countries spend tax dollars to lure foreign tourists to their shores.
Most countries spy for security purposes.
Most countries start at eight years old.
Most countries still lack competent entrepreneurial faculties.
Most countries struggle to provide equipment for their athletes.
Most countries subsidise their industries.
Most countries subsidize agricultural producers by refunding their water service expenses.
Most countries succumb to the temptation to pick industrial winners and losers.
Most countries suffer unemployment.
Most countries support limited membership, with members to be nominated by region.
Most countries support products.
Most countries tabulate data from birth registration systems at the sub- national level.
Most countries tabulate data from death registration systems at the sub- national level.
Most countries take extreme precaution.
Most countries take precaution.
Most countries take such extreme precaution.
Most countries take such precaution.
Most countries take traveler's complaints very seriously.
Most countries tax foreign income differently than domestic income.
Most countries think that preschool is essential for good development of a child.
Most countries try to produce equivalent English, French or German documents.
Most countries undergo transitions.
Most countries use a mixture of both ideas.
Most countries use different languages other than English.
Most countries use energy.
Most countries use just two or three languages.
Most countries use nuclear energy.
Most countries use products.
Most countries use resources.
Most countries use the Olympics as a springboard for the World Cup and high-level club competition.
Most countries use the sea as a sewer.
Most countries use the two letter code.
Most countries use wind energy.
Most countries worry about having a secret police - man as head of state.
Some countries often refer to generic products using a popular brand name.
Some countries actively encourage and promote foreign investment.
Some countries add customs charges paid by the customer upon receipt.
Some countries affect countries.
Some countries affect industrial countries.
Some countries affect neighbor countries.
Some countries allow all forms of gametes and embryo donation.
Some countries allow automatic roaming and others allow plastic roaming.
Some countries allow foreign students to work while they are studying.
Some countries allow legislators to draw their own districts.
Some countries allow such exclusion and allow civil service for the government as an alternative.
Some countries allow the payment of donors for genetic material.
Some countries already have a ban on such products.
Some countries already have strict rules, but they are the exception rather than the rule.
Some countries already have that type of treatment.
Some countries already make substantial assistance available.
Some countries already require such labels.
Some countries also allow asset values to be written-up to reflect price increases.
Some countries also determine a maximum age for inclusion in the labour force.
Some countries also give booster doses before or at school age.
Some countries also have a maximum age limit.
Some countries also have ensigns for other armed services.
Some countries also have minority shareholder interests to consider.
Some countries also have restrictions on items that can be shipped.
Some countries also have ski area associations similar to what exists in North America.
Some countries also have topic maps.
Some countries also offer lectures, talks or workshops.
Some countries also offer teaching assistantships.
Some countries also polish their beans.
Some countries also provide schools for special education problems among very young children.
Some countries also publish yearbooks or other annual reports.
Some countries also require teachers to have a degree or equivalent qualification.
Some countries also require the original registration certificate for endorsement of the renewal.
Some countries also require their citizens to have visas.
Some countries also require U.S. citizens to obtain visas before entering.
Some countries also require visas.
Some countries also space their stations differently.
Some countries also specialize in certain types of safaris.
Some countries also use their own first-level domains, such as fr for France.
Some countries apply restrictions to international domain use.
Some countries appreciate slim waists and small busts.
Some countries are affected by tsunamis.
Some countries are already in serious population decline, such as Russia.
Some countries are already so short of water that underground reserves are being depleted.
Some countries are already there like Austria.
Some countries are already there, or close to being there.
Some countries are also much more popular than others and therefore are more competitive.
Some countries are better for vegetarian food than others.
Some countries are both suppliers and receivers.
Some countries are casual and one dressy outfit, at most, is needed.
Some countries are closed to traditional missions.
Some countries are concerned about glass for cabinet fronts, shelves etc.
Some countries are divided into 'provinces'.
Some countries are either at peace or have relatively well-organized militaries.
Some countries are even presently in a state of political and social disintegration.
Some countries are evidently more in favour of translation than others.
Some countries are far behind, but others are almost caught up with Australian episodes.
Some countries are far less fortunate.
Some countries are far more restrictive than the U.S. while others are more open.
Some countries are further along the liberalisation path than others.
Some countries are home to many mangrove species.
Some countries are however more affected than others.
Some countries are in fact doing so.
Some countries are in real trouble.
Some countries are inhabited by gorillas.
Some countries are just poor.
Some countries are large enough to experience a full range of regional climatic patterns.
Some countries are less expensive than others and some agencies are more expensive than others.
Some countries are likely to succeed more than others, and at a more rapid pace.
Some countries are months or years behind in story.
Some countries are more advanced in waste management technology than others.
Some countries are more aggressive.
Some countries are more competitive than others.
Some countries are more enthusiastic than others.
Some countries are more free than others.
Some countries are more global than others.
Some countries are more likely to suffer than others.
Some countries are more pleasant environments for business dealings.
Some countries are more threatening than others.
Some countries are more tolerant of black markets than others.
Some countries are more vulnerable to corruption than others.
Some countries are more wired than the U.S., while others have very little Web penetration at all.
Some countries are mostly Catholic, some others are mostly Islamic, etc.
Some countries are moving in leaps and bounds, others are still at the starting gates.
Some countries are near war over water.
Some countries are on the threshold of domestic chaos.
Some countries are particularly sensitive about photographs.
Some countries are politically unstable.
Some countries are quite close to convergence with the advanced economies.
Some countries are quite restrictive, and conditions for importation changing.
Some countries are safer than the United States, and some are less safe.
Some countries are short of cheap manual labour too.
Some countries are slightly higher.
Some countries are still in the process of submitting their data.
Some countries are still without a single women's program or even a co-ed program.
Some countries are stricter than others.
Some countries are the source of more believable asylum claims than are other countries.
Some countries are very cheap while others seem to be overpriced.
Some countries are very creative in finding ways of blocking imports.
Some countries are very protective of their air space .
Some countries are very protective of their air space.
Some countries are very strict about turning in expired plates.
Some countries are very strict and others have no laws whatsoever.
Some countries are well documented while others remain a mystery.
Some countries are well off enough to support sea defences and defences of that kind.
Some countries are, in fact, underdeveloped.
Some countries argue that there is no link between subsidies and over-capacity.
Some countries ask visitors to present return tickets and evidence of funds to cover intended stay.
Some countries assert that the pace of progress is unacceptably slow.
Some countries assess a remittance tax on funds remitted to other countries.
Some countries avoid privatization altogether.
Some countries ban sex discrimination but still have preferential laws in their law books.
Some countries begin daylight savings at different times than others.
Some countries believe they have found at least part of the answer.
Some countries calculate different things about the position of the moon.
Some countries can drive other countries crazy.
Some countries can feel as foreign as that world over the rainbow.
Some countries car rental companies have upper as well as lower age requirements.
Some countries carry cattle.
Some countries celebrate Christian holidays under the Coptic calendar.
Some countries change capitals from time to time.
Some countries charge a fee for birth registration, making it impossible for poor families.
Some countries charge an additional accommodation tax.
Some countries charge more money to foreign students than to local students.
Some countries charge rates that are significantly above the cost of handling an incoming call.
Some countries cite the cost of implementation of such programmes as a curtailing factor.
Some countries claim more ecological capacity than there is within their boundaries.
Some countries combine elements of the two systems.
Some countries combine newstax with postage, and thus serve as both revenue and postage stamps.
Some countries concentrate on treatment and rehabilitation.
Some countries consider a grant from a non-commercial organization to be taxable income.
Some countries consider gambling or sexually explicit websites to be illegal.
Some countries consider over the limit on credit cards a felony offense that can result in jail.
Some countries consider some personal information particularly sensitive.
Some countries contain more information than others.
Some countries create a budget line for implementation of national laws.
Some countries deal only with the design or the production, and supply several major brands.
Some countries deal with differing laws by restricting their citizens' access to the Net.
Some countries define supplements as food .
Some countries define supplements as food.
Some countries depend more on nuclear power for electricity than others.
Some countries depend upon their agricultural sectors more heavily than others in the region.
Some countries depend vitally on the electricity generated by nuclear energy.
Some countries develop their regulations and standards faster than others.
Some countries discourage independent travellers.
Some countries distinguish instead between renewable and non-renewable resources.
Some countries do allow dual citizenship.
Some countries do from time to time ship slower due to customs.
Some countries do have customs restrictions on product dating.
Some countries do have needles and syringes for sale.
Some countries do it differently.
Some countries do, however, subsidise the supply of electricity or water as an investment incentive.
Some countries e.g. USA have special registration rules.
Some countries employ energy or carbon taxes to motivate energy users to reduce their consumption.
Some countries encourage it.
Some countries encourage only PhD-level applicants while others encourage younger students to apply.
Some countries end up paying more in debt servicing than in providing health and education services.
Some countries enjoy even higher numbers.
Some countries enjoy highly stable coalition governments while others are less stable.
Some countries enjoy vast reserves of oil or timber.
Some countries ensure security.
Some countries enter recessions while others are booming.
Some countries establish fixed rates of taxation.
Some countries even claim their capitals as just the country itself , like Monaco .
Some countries even claim their capitals as just the country itself, like Monaco.
Some countries even get double commentary, in their own language and in English.
Some countries even have incompatible standards in different regions.
Some countries even produce banned U.S. pesticides themselves.
Some countries even restrict the choice of law.
Some countries experience disasters.
Some countries experience earthquakes.
Some countries experience large earthquakes.
Some countries experience natural disasters.
Some countries experience ongoing wars, insurgencies or sporadic unrest.
Some countries expirience ongoing wars, insurgencies or sporadic unrest.
Some countries favor free trade to promote economic growth and lower prices for consumers.
Some countries favor the symptothermal method.
Some countries favour a secret ballot so they can record a vote without pressure.
Some countries feel differently.
Some countries feel that the death penalty is a human rights violation.
Some countries find that threatening.
Some countries focus on development.
Some countries focus on economic development.
Some countries follow the decisions of other Muslim countries.
Some countries follow the news of the beginning of the month from Saudi Arabia.
Some countries forbid certain investors to own some financial instruments.
Some countries forbid freedom of speech in order to try to control the thoughts of their citizens.
Some countries go as far as to ban the use of encryption entirely.
Some countries go by actual physical sighting of the moon.
Some countries grow pineapples.
Some countries grow tulips.
Some countries grow vanillas.
Some countries have a clear strategy and policy towards toll roads.
Some countries have a dual exchange rate.
Some countries have a further hurdle.
Some countries have a high potential for export gains from increased e-marketplace trade.
Some countries have a high risk of danger present.
Some countries have a language proficiency requirement, so be realistic.
Some countries have a minimum and maximum driving age.
Some countries have a national curriculum.
Some countries have a separate 'royal anthem' or 'presidential anthem'.
Some countries have a zero-tolerance policy on drugs, even prescription medication.
Some countries have all the luck.
Some countries have an e-minister.
Some countries have animal acceptance policies.
Some countries have anti-discrimination legislation.
Some countries have atrocious human rights records.
Some countries have better laws than others.
Some countries have bicycles built into their culture.
Some countries have both a minimum and a maximum rental age.
Some countries have breeds.
Some countries have compulsory currency exchange regulations on first entry.
Some countries have definition.
Some countries have degrees.
Some countries have delays in the legislative process.
Some countries have dictators.
Some countries have different names for their New Years' celebrations.
Some countries have different sizes for different liquids .
Some countries have different sizes for different liquids.
Some countries have distinct disadvantage.
Some countries have elections.
Some countries have fans.
Some countries have for centuries forbidden even the moderate use of fermented drink.
Some countries have fuel consumption targets for the automobile vehicle fleet.
Some countries have gods.
Some countries have government policy.
Some countries have greater border problems than others.
Some countries have health care.
Some countries have high levels.
Some countries have import restrictions.
Some countries have inadequate penalties.
Some countries have international departure taxes, so have cash at hand to pay.
Some countries have international operators only during their business hours.
Some countries have large numbers of internally displaced people.
Some countries have larger minimum guidelines than others.
Some countries have laws against encryption, so check discreetly before using it.
Some countries have laws against using a cellphone while driving.
Some countries have laws governing the killing of whales.
Some countries have laws that hold companies with representatives for a period of time.
Some countries have laws that make it illegal to export meteorites.
Some countries have laws to protect birds of prey.
Some countries have laws to try to stop money laundering.
Some countries have laws.
Some countries have levels.
Some countries have local activities planned and included in the program.
Some countries have long holidays by our standards, making business difficult.
Some countries have long holidays by U.S. standards, making business difficult.
Some countries have long, arduous, and expensive quarantine periods of up to one year.
Some countries have lots of laws about how payroll is calculated.
Some countries have low literacy levels.
Some countries have malaria transmissions.
Some countries have malaria.
Some countries have mass.
Some countries have maximum age requirements.
Some countries have more children available of one sex than another.
Some countries have more detailed data than others.
Some countries have more land than others.
Some countries have more opportunities for guides also.
Some countries have more resources than others.
Some countries have more than once station with little indigenous programming.
Some countries have more than one laboratory listed.
Some countries have more than one prefix.
Some countries have more variety available than others.
Some countries have more.
Some countries have multiple IDDs, with each one used by a different long- distance carrier.
Some countries have multiple IDDs, with each one used by a different long-distance carrier.
Some countries have multiple submissions and joint submissions with other countries.
Some countries have national polices.
Some countries have natural resources where exploration is undertaken.
Some countries have needles and syringes for sale.
Some countries have negative growth , most often due to ongoing wars or hyperinflation .
Some countries have negative growth, most often due to ongoing wars or hyperinflation.
Some countries have no human rights.
Some countries have no laws prohibiting insider trading.
Some countries have no representation whatsoever.
Some countries have one flag, others more.
Some countries have only a strategic document outlining general objectives.
Some countries have only one page, a few major ones have several.
Some countries have organisations like Britain's AA which can arrange used car inspections.
Some countries have penalties for violation of seat belt laws.
Some countries have people called the natives, or first settlers.
Some countries have policy.
Some countries have pools.
Some countries have projects to collect digital base data at large scales.
Some countries have public outlets through which such drafts are made available to the public.
Some countries have pubs, some have salons.
Some countries have rain forests while others have deserts.
Some countries have really strict pet quarantines.
Some countries have reciprocal agreements with the United States to enforce child support orders.
Some countries have reciprocal health care agreements with Australia.
Some countries have reefs.
Some countries have regulatory departments within a government ministry.
Some countries have restrictions on importing firearms related goods.
Some countries have stars India, the spinning wheel, Our fate, our fortune.
Some countries have statistical information on household technology in rural areas.
Some countries have strict rules about domain name registrations.
Some countries have strict rules concerning the type of passport or visa required for entry.
Some countries have strict rules for registration of new domain names.
Some countries have strong national libraries and centralized library systems.
Some countries have taxation treaties with Canada.
Some countries have the same density for their cable network as telecommunication network.
Some countries have their official sites.
Some countries have to pay tax on all imported goods.
Some countries have to struggle to even pay the interest on their loans.
Some countries have transmissions.
Some countries have very few external circuits and they are often busy for long periods.
Some countries have very little genealogical information on the web.
Some countries have very strict rules .
Some countries have very strict rules.
Some countries have very tight controls, others practically none.
Some countries have virtually no psychiatric services.
Some countries have Westminster-style parliamentary systems.
Some countries hold bullfights without killing the bull - in the arena.
Some countries hold packages in customs for a unspecified amount of time.
Some countries hold quota auctions, where quotas go to the highest bidders.
Some countries import the raw materials from China and re-export it after processing.
Some countries impose high import fees on packages from outside.
Some countries impose high import fees on packages received from outside their borders.
Some countries impose lengthy quarantines on pets.
Some countries impose no income-tax or impose negligible income tax.
Some countries impose numerous taxes, others make firms wait half a year before getting to work.
Some countries increase production.
Some countries increase wealth.
Some countries insist on all imported animals being castrated.
Some countries interpret text from right to left or in columns from top to bottom.
Some countries issue special coins to commemorate a special event.
Some countries kill animals.
Some countries kill turtles.
Some countries know how to leverage access to their markets.
Some countries lack both policy-making and institutional capacity.
Some countries lack the facilities necessary to prepare whole grain to a food form they can eat.
Some countries lack the infrastructure to treat waste water completely.
Some countries lack the money, skilled labor, and transportation to build industries.
Some countries lead to hunger.
Some countries limit the import or export of their own currency.
Some countries limit the outflow of profits.
Some countries listed below have incomplete or no links.
Some countries look on terrorism as a law-enforcement problem best left to the police.
Some countries love dogs.
Some countries maintain a variety of measures such as charges or fees on imports.
Some countries maintain consulates in Vancouver for trade relations and visas.
Some countries maintain extensive food surveillance activities at the national level.
Some countries maintain only very limited exceptions to the absolute novelty rule.
Some countries maintain social and political data in addition to economic and population data.
Some countries maintain that their air travel systems' preparations are complete.
Some countries make intensive use of mass media, such as television or radio, as a training tool.
Some countries make intensive use of mass media.
Some countries make it a legal requirement that products and all documentation be translated.
Some countries make it difficult to send certain meats and other perishable products.
Some countries make real estate ownership for foreigners impractical or impossible.
Some countries make transactions in other currencies difficult and expensive.
Some countries mandate certain types of coverage.
Some countries merely choose a few of their many languages as national.
Some countries monitor businesspeople of interest who travel overseas.
Some countries nominate a firm to inspect for quality, quantity, and pricing.
Some countries now can export ivory legally under controlled management porgrams or harvesting.
Some countries now catch principle food from whales to feed their people and animals.
Some countries now have more wireless phones than wired ones.
Some countries now require vaccination.
Some countries now specify methyl bromide for quarantine treatment.
Some countries offer a chat list in their local language.
Some countries offer a visa waiver program which is also acceptable for payments of reimbursements.
Some countries offer aid without explicit ties.
Some countries offer better medical care.
Some countries offer better opportunities than others.
Some countries offer care.
Some countries offer medical care.
Some countries offer more than one grade- level sequence in a particular level of education.
Some countries offer state owned ISPs.
Some countries offer tax advantages in an attempt to attract foreign investment.
Some countries only arrange private adoptions, others only public adoptions.
Some countries only have laws that pertain to the proceeds from drug transactions.
Some countries only publish studies with positive results.
Some countries only recognize civil ceremonies.
Some countries only supply partial information.
Some countries pay significantly higher salaries but also have a higher cost of living.
Some countries perform industrial and economic surveys with segmentation for SMEs.
Some countries permit citizens to vote, but elections are often rigged and unfair.
Some countries permit label declarations such as sucrose esters or sucrose fatty esters.
Some countries place a higher priority on other issues.
Some countries place restrictions on imports.
Some countries place stipulations on the earlier generations.
Some countries plan to hold EVAs each year and others bi or tri-annually.
Some countries possess deer.
Some countries possess elk.
Some countries possess lions.
Some countries possess reptiles.
Some countries possess sheep.
Some countries possess snakes.
Some countries practice a blackout on all election news before or during voting.
Some countries preach democracy and accuse China of being dictatorial.
Some countries pride themselves on the equality of their citizens before the law.
Some countries produce oil.
Some countries produce results.
Some countries produce world oil.
Some countries prohibit education in languages other than their national tongue.
Some countries prohibit particular sex acts.
Some countries prohibit the pricing policies of firms which discriminate in favour of larger buyers.
Some countries propose special compensation.
Some countries protect cycads.
Some countries provide dogs for free, and others charge for the service.
Some countries provide financial assistance to their citizens for study in the United States.
Some countries provide free or low cost attorneys.
Some countries provide language courses to newly accepted exchange students for a modest fee.
Some countries provide national curriculum guidelines that can be adapted locally.
Some countries provide protection.
Some countries provide refugees living in the community with access to local health care.
Some countries provide service to all points, while others have a restricted list of cities.
Some countries provide tax rebates as an incentive to export.
Some countries publish all government regulations in all the languages of their country.
Some countries purposely use fugitive inks to prevent re-use of uncancelled washed stamps.
Some countries put their name in both the native language country name and in English.
Some countries put their teams in a training camp.
Some countries raise eels to meet the demand for meat.
Some countries recognise the danger of genetic pollution and have taken preventive measures.
Some countries recognize no law but their own.
Some countries recommend even lower levels.
Some countries record the urban or rural nature of the place of residence involved.
Some countries refuse to collect the data for various reasons.
Some countries reject proposals to include nuclear energy as option to slow global warming.
Some countries rely heavily on forms of cash compensation other than basic salary, such as bonuses.
Some countries report areas with irrigation facilities, while others use areas provided with water.
Some countries report having in place active surveillance for the TSEs.
Some countries require a consular invoice which can be obtained from the country's consulate.
Some countries require a Customs Declaration with every parcel.
Some countries require a degree for entry.
Some countries require a fire extinguisher.
Some countries require a full exam and health certificate.
Some countries require a knowledge of that country's language.
Some countries require a medical examination by designated U.S. physicians.
Some countries require a minimum level of equity to guard against bankruptcy.
Some countries require a stamp as proof of yellow fever vaccination.
Some countries require a visa for study abroad.
Some countries require a visa in order to enter the country.
Some countries require a visa.
Some countries require additional declarations on the health certificate.
Some countries require advance processing of visas.
Some countries require an extra document or paper for registration purposes.
Some countries require an independent vet to supervise all collections and freezing.
Some countries require banks to set aside a minimum number of loans for women-owned businesses.
Some countries require both parents to travel, others only require one parent to travel.
Some countries require by law that their citizens serve a term in their armed forces.
Some countries require certain refined grains to be enriched.
Some countries require contracts to be in local language to be enforceable.
Some countries require entry visas.
Some countries require foreign visitors to have inoculations or medical tests before entering.
Some countries require hardcopy signature - review the list here .
Some countries require health certificates or permits and have specific vaccination requirements.
Some countries require heating in winter to maintain an optimum temperature range.
Some countries require implementing legislation as a matter of course whenever a treaty is ratified.
Some countries require import permits for certain species.
Some countries require inspection of the film by military personnel.
Some countries require international driver's licenses.
Some countries require less than others.
Some countries require more than one language, including with stipulations English.
Some countries require no more than a health paper to accompany the semen.
Some countries require only an international driving permit.
Some countries require only health and vaccination certificates.
Some countries require only proof of U.S. citizenship to enter and depart the country.
Some countries require or recommend vaccination certificates or other personal health information.
Some countries require passports and travel permits.
Some countries require passports to be valid for six months after expiry of the visa.
Some countries require postal service registration numbers for certain mailing class privileges.
Some countries require prescriptions for opiates on a separate sheet.
Some countries require proficiency in the native language.
Some countries require proof of such protection before admitting a visitor.
Some countries require proof of vaccination for entry into the country.
Some countries require proof of vaccination to enter.
Some countries require safety committees at sites.
Some countries require that all jumpers hold medical insurance.
Some countries require that participants secure employment before leaving Canada.
Some countries require that the family travel to that country for the adoption.
Some countries require that the operator identify with the call area as well as the country.
Some countries require to obtain a permit to use the frequency.
Some countries require two brief trips.
Some countries require verification of medical and life insurance.
Some countries require visas even for a short transit stop.
Some countries require visas.
Some countries require yellow fever vaccination prior to entry.
Some countries require yellow fever vaccine or meningococcal vaccine.
Some countries respond to the emotion in the book.
Some countries restrict foreign participation.
Some countries restrict how their domains can be used.
Some countries restrict the amount of money that can be forwarded to the United States.
Some countries restrict the export, import, or use of such technologies.
Some countries restrict the import and use of cryptographic software.
Some countries restrict the use of cryptographic software by their citizens.
Some countries result in death.
Some countries return to conflict repeatedly.
Some countries routinely treat tigers with sulfites to prevent melanosis.
Some countries see American movies as a threat to their domestic film industries.
Some countries see it as a pastime, others as a vice.
Some countries seek to impose rigid limitations.
Some countries seek to reproduce Japanese culture as exactly as they can.
Some countries seem to focus solely on the first aspect.
Some countries seem to get on and off the list depending on how the diplomatic scandals go.
Some countries sell pineapples.
Some countries sell their country codes to companies who make money from the registrations.
Some countries set up special banks to finance women's special needs.
Some countries shoulder the cost of lessons as part of on-going professional training.
Some countries show drops.
Some countries show negative trends.
Some countries show trends.
Some countries simply have one act covering policy.
Some countries spend much less than Canada does but their citizens are as healthy.
Some countries spray the interior of planes with insecticides.
Some countries stamp their pilot certificates to show continued medical qualifications.
Some countries still face high population growth rates that strain natural resources.
Some countries still have laws against members practising that religion.
Some countries still have power cuts.
Some countries still have the radio licence together with the television licence.
Some countries still practice stoning for serious crimes.
Some countries still rely on their intelligence services to advance their interests.
Some countries still resist letting good jobs go to foreigners.
Some countries successfully use variations of it.
Some countries suffer disasters.
Some countries suffer drought.
Some countries suffer frequent drought.
Some countries suffer from a downward spiral of global concern.
Some countries suffer natural disasters.
Some countries suffer too much.
Some countries take a very hard look at prescription pills and drugs coming across their borders.
Some countries take an entire book, but letters 'D' and 'E' fit into one.
Some countries take an even bolder step.
Some countries take more than their fair share from the environment.
Some countries take their own trade measures for similar reasons.
Some countries think they stand a better chance of being heard in regional negotiations.
Some countries try to put a number on variety.
Some countries try to resist with quotas, but it's a tough and often losing battle.
Some countries use a government-controlled grading system and others use independent bodies.
Some countries use a maximum age limit as well, often linked to the most common age for pensions.
Some countries use a variety of languages even within their own internal borders.
Some countries use both bases for ascribing citizenship.
Some countries use cattle in place of tractors to cultivate their ground.
Some countries use chemicals that cause controversy.
Some countries use chemicals.
Some countries use colonialism to get more land for their people to live in.
Some countries use customary units of measurement while some use the metric system.
Some countries use identical equipment.
Some countries use individual names for a few combinations of the above mutations.
Some countries use our calendar and also refer to other ones too.
Some countries use religion based government quoting their laws from the bible itself.
Some countries use the common two-track cassette.
Some countries use tissue with the texture of newspaper.
Some countries use wind.
Some countries welcome individuals with nationalized ancestors.
Some countries withdraw banknotes from circulation when they change designs.
Some country even has euthanasia for infants with serious problems.
A countryman is a compatriot
Countryman is an expert on early British American history and American social history.
Countrymans are located in countries.
Countrymen care about the broken faith in their community.
Countrymen tend sheep and goats in stone biers beneath groves of chestnut trees.
A countryside is a country
Countryside characterizes most of the land, with ski resorts that draw international visitors.
Countryside feel the escape.
Countryside flies past the partly open window.
Countryside isa location.
Countryside looks like a poor version of Germany.
Countryside provides a good opportunity for cross-country skiing most of the winter season.
Countrysides are countries.
Countrysides are places.
Countrysides have (part) pasture.
Countrysides have beauty.
Most countrysides have beauty.
Counts Counts are special.
County administrators can purchase general office supplies and equipment from a variety of vendors.
County administrators say the baubles are a nice gesture for people who've been loyal employees.
A county agent is a consultant
County agent is to destroy the remaining labels.
County agents are a constant store of information about supply and demand close to home.
County agents are advisers.
County agents can augment other programs with a short video segment at their convenience.
County agents can give an estimate of the value of shade trees and ornamentals.
County agents can help with suitable plant varieties, planting dates, and methods.
County agents provide free consultation to farmers.
County archaeologists say there is no evidence of Mayan influence at the site.
County archives are potentially a rich source of documentary evidence.
County assessor is required to prepare abstract of assessment and forward to state board.
County assessors administer the assessment of most property.
County attorney has the duty to represent state in determination of inheritance taxes.
County attorney is obligated to institute and prosecute actions by county to foreclose tax lien.
County auditors are able to request opinions under certain circumstances.
County board provides a stone pile for jail prisoners to work on over the winter.
County boards have the statutory right to enact a sales tax.
County boards have until the end of the month.
County boards respond to constituent needs.
County boards vote only for the county seat within the region.
County clerk has powers of notary when acting in capacity as clerk.
County clerks are clerks of the supreme court in their respective counties.
County clerks are the state's designated gene-pool protectors.
County clerks have marriage records.
County clerks maintain separate recording systems for financing statements and real estate records.
Most county colleges have programs for students with learning disabilities.
County commissions are loathe even to look at the problem.
County commissioners are eligible to serve as a special road district commissioner.
County commissioners are eligible to serve as special road district commissioners.
County commissioners are members of the decision making body within the MPOs.
County commissioners are reluctant to increase their contribution to the town.
County commissioners are the general administrative body for county government.
County commissioners are the general administrative body for the county government.
County commissioners are wise to reconsider the county manager position.
County commissioners can enact the increase without voter approval.
County commissioners get four-year terms, but half of the boards are elected every two years.
County commissioners have a proposed sediment ordinance on the table.
County commissioners have the final say on the budget.
County commissioners have.
County commissioners hold the purse strings, but they are simply our agents.
County commissioners increase funding for exceptional children's services.
County commissioners lack the committee structure of the board of supervisors.
County commissioners provide yet another check and balance mechanism.
County commissioners receive health insurance or an annuity in lieu of hospitalizaton.
County commissioners say the system is working just fine.
County commissioners support an ongo-ing training budget for the crew.
Some county commissioners die of attacks.
Some county commissioners die of heart attacks.
Some county commissioners feel it's time for a change.
Some county commissioners say the schools already get too much of the county's budget.
County committee meets quarterly.
County committees have a fair amount of control in what practices are accepted.
County committees perform an important service by carefully selecting qualified producers.
A county council is an organization
County councils are responsible for a wide range of functions and have certain reserve powers.
County court can determine tax that is owing.
County courts are courts of record.
County courts are courts.
County courts derive their jurisdiction solely from the state constitution and statutory law.
County courts have administrative authority.
County courts have authority.
County courts have local administrative authority.
County courts have local authority.
County courts have standard procedures for goods, facilities or service-related complaints.
All county courts use an automation system to record case information.
Most county courts have administrative authority.
Most county courts have authority.
Most county courts have local administrative authority.
Most county courts have local authority.
A county courthouse is a seat
County courthouses are rich in records of interest to a genealogist.
County courthouses keep track of speeding tickets.
County cricket needs to be more ruthless in discarding time servers.
County executive gets loan from developer.
County fairs are a place to have fun.
County fairs are another possibility.
County fairs celebrate our state's agricultural heritage.
County government builds roads.
County government can often be something akin to anarchy.
County government can play an important role in encouraging a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions.
County government consists of a county court made up of a county judge and two commissioners.
County government continues to respond to taxpayer difficulties.
County government has several projects funded, thanks to our Delegation members.
County government illustrates the variation that exists in local governmental structures.
County government is a labor intensive business.
County government is a subsidiary of state government under the Texas Constitution.
County government is administered by a three-member board of commissioners.
County government is committed to leadership, cooperation and quality services.
County government is different.
County government is headed by a board of county commissioners, consisting of three commissioners.
County government is headed by a county judge-executive and eight magistrates.
County government is local organizations.
County government is located here .
County government is more complex than it was in the past.
County government is no different, especially when money is at stake.
County government is no place for a two-seater.
County government is no small potatoes.
County government is regional government.
County government is responsible for providing funding to the sheriff's office.
County government is there to meet the needs of the populace.
County government is under even more stress.
County government needs a professional administration.
County government offers minorities nothing except an oppressive existence.
County government provides a wide range of both basic and special services for our community.
County government provides many services, such as libraries and bus service county-wide.
County government provides the clerical staff, office space, vehicles and operating budget.
County government remains the best option.
County government seems unwilling to address watershed issues.
County governments are now very fiscally healthy.
County governments are responsible for allocating their funds.
County governments are responsible to citizens that directly depend upon natural resources.
County governments do it.
County governments generate a lot of revenue.
County governments keep records and organize elections and laws.
County governments offer still more options.
County governments oversee the development and zoning decisions in unincorporated towns.
County governments pay part of the cost of financing circuit court operations.
County governments play a pivotal role in determining the nation's land-use patterns.
County governments receive copies of every permit application.
County governments regulate the types of permits required.
County highways are in most cases long-distance arterial roads.
County highways do run through some cities, i.e. Rochester.
Some county histories have township maps as do old plat books showing farm ownership.
County hospitals are a major source of health care for low-income residents.
Every county jail is overcrowded.
County judges keep probate, marriage, administration, and guardianship records.
County judges keep probate, marriage, adminsitration, and guardian-ship records.
County judges perform sentencing.
County judges sit in the county in which they are elected.
A county line is a boundary
County lines are black, and fault lines are brown.
County lines are boundaries.
County lines are important in genealogy but are often very difficult to see in a conventional atlas.
County lines do make separate kinds of community life, each a little different from the other.
County lines show an interesting dissection of the landscape into geo-political boundaries.
Many county municipalities have youth baseball and soccer fields along with tennis courts.
County parks are nearby with camping and public beaches.
County parks are open daily, including all holidays.
County parks dot the landscape.
County parks have an entrance fee.
All county parks are open year around.
County police are typically responsible for patrolling county roads.
County prosecutor begins investigation into prison sex-abuse charges.
County prosecutors prepare with equal intensity.
County records are available in places besides the actual courthouse.
County records are essential resources for genealogical research.
County records are extremely valuable because they help create distributional records.
County records are the key to open the treasure trove of family history.
County records can be a great source of information for births, deaths and marriages.
County records do nor bear out that claim.
County records provide a wealth of information to scholars and genealogists.
County records reflect no findings of guilt.
County records show dramatic swings in the two men's pay rates over short periods of time.
County records show that the dorm was built over an old, indian burial mound.
County records vary widely from county to county in both quality and quantity.
County recorders offer early voting at their offices.
County road leads to property.
County road runs through property.
County roads are narrow, well maintained, lightly traveled.
County roads are sparse in Orange County, comprising only the most important local through roads.
County roads tend to be winding, with steep slopes, and often unpaved.
County route logs for several Long Island and New York area counties.
County schools are excellent, winning awards of distinction for their performance.
County schools are excellent, with small class sizes and well-appointed facilities.
A county seat is a seat
County seat is Boston.
County seat is Bryan.
County seat is Cambridge.
County seat is Canton.
County seat is Carthage.
County seat is Elizabeth City.
County seat is Fort Worth.
County seat is Greenville.
County seat is Hartford.
County seat is Houston.
County seat is Huntsville.
County seat is Jamestown.
County seat is Lebanon.
County seat is Lexington.
County seat is located in Auburn.
County seat is Lufkin.
County seat is Media.
County seat is Memphis.
County seat is New Haven.
County seat is Newark.
County seat is Prince Frederick.
County seat is Richmond.
County seat is Salem.
County seat is Somerset.
County seat is Springfield.
County seat is Warsaw.
County seat is Wellington.
County seat is Wentworth.
County seat is West Chester.
County seats are capital cities.
County seats are part of counties.
County seats are seats.
Most county seats are part of counties.
County sheriffs are public officials.
County sheriffs collect all other property taxes.
County sheriffs disagree because they want more money and more officers.
County sheriffs have duty to accept and transport persons arrested by city police officers.
County sheriffs have duty to accept persons arrested by city police officers.
Some county sheriffs kill in incidents.
County site is the legal term used in Georgia law.
Some county sites carry a smattering of records for their locale.
County supervisors allocate funds from the county coffers to education.
County supervisors approve children's health initiative.
County supervisors caution swimmers to be wary of ocean tides.
County supervisors have three months to add to, subtract from or redo the commission's handiwork.
County supervisors issue a fruitless call for residents to stop bootlegging liquor.
County supervisors refuse to allocate any county money or to accept state help.
Some county supervisors argue that the merger has resulted in less coverage of their work.
County surveyors make no money and have no real duties or tasks to perform.
County teams consist of three or four members in the same division.
County towns are part of shires.
Most county towns are part of shires.
A county is a region
Counties acquire environmentally sensitive lands for protection and preservation.
Counties act or enact powers alone.
Counties add the criminal justice mandate paragraph.
Counties add their own funding an overmatch to pay for additional services.
Counties administer the adoption program.
Counties advertise industrial park sites and another advertises an available industrial property .
Counties already face significantly increased costs for workers compensation and health coverage.
Counties also deliver services to both city and county residents.
Counties also establish their own definition criteria usually expressed in levels of care.
Counties also estimate number of households served based on information provided by participants.
Counties also have a requirement to maintain county expenditures to Work First.
Counties also have planning agencies that, in many cases, have adopted a detailed land use plan.
Counties also have the task of co-ordinating environmental policy.
Counties also impose temporary moratoria as part of their planning processes.
Counties also maintain internal road numbers.
Counties also organize at-large advisory committees for their area of county programming.
Counties also oversee all elections, the basis of our democracy.
Counties also provide most social services and our court system.
Counties also use alternative treatment programs in community-based settings.
Counties are a very important part of our community.
Counties are added to the database often, so check back soon.
Counties are administrative arms of the state.
Counties are adoptable.
Counties are Adoptable.
Counties are Adoptble.
Counties are also free to include capital costs in their funding formulas.
Counties are also important in protecting the environment.
Counties are also responsible for any expenses related to local requirements.
Counties are available as outlines with a white background or shaded with different colors.
Counties are Completely Within states.
Counties are counties.
Counties are eligible to enter any number of teams in each division.
Counties are especially important in electing people to government positions.
Counties are free to adopt more protective standards.
Counties are free to fund at a higher level.
Counties are free to switch to benefit cycling similar to that used in Fresno County.
Counties are general purpose governments, charged with providing a wide variety of services.
Counties are in alphabetical order.
Counties are large areas of land, and the loci of outbreaks bear no relation to their boundaries.
Counties are liable for their torts and the torts of their officers.
Counties are limited to two awards per program year.
Counties are local government areas, with there own elected representatives.
Counties are located in states.
Counties are manageable building blocks for the alignment of sales territories.
Counties are part of states.
Counties are political subdivisions of the state.
Counties are regional subdivisions of States to carry out local administrative functions.
Counties are regions.
Counties are responsible for financing their own voting systems.
Counties are responsible for paying for sexual assault exams.
Counties are responsible for reporting on the progress of cities within their boundaries.
Counties are responsible for the information they release.
Counties are responsible for the maintenance of jails, parks, and certain roads.
Counties are responsible for voting machines and poll workers.
Counties are specific areas.
Counties are states.
Counties are subdivided into districts headed by commissioners.
Counties are subdivisions of the state itself.
Counties are the governmental unit principally responsible for assessments.
Counties are the largest territorial division for local government within the state.
Counties are the major providers of addiction services for the indigent.
Counties are the primary legal divisions of most states.
Counties are the primary political divisions of most states.
Counties are the weakest units in state government.
Counties are to report violations to the state and to other counties.
Counties are typically less restrictive towards manufactured housing than are municipalities.
Counties are units of local government, but state laws define their form and powers.
Counties are welcome to contribute to Updates .
Counties are well suited to perform key roles for transportation improvements.
Counties are, in other words, worth voting for.
Counties benefit with combined purchasing power to get the best deal for their employees.
Counties can also fund PDR with county sales tax revenue.
Counties can also initiate a variety of local taxes to support transportation needs.
Counties can assess option taxes as well.
Counties can authorize restricted payment or a recipient can voluntarily request such payments.
Counties can ban cyclists from roads they determine are dangerous.
Counties can buy and hold property, sue and be sued, enter into contracts, etc.
Counties can contribute names to the survey research lab for the statewide survey.
Counties can create liberal institutions.
Counties can designate additional PFAs as well.
Counties can download a copy of the current program's purchasing procedures and purchase order form.
Counties can establish re-enrollment deadlines for continuing members.
Counties can expand programs to encompass consumer and municipal wastes.
Counties can get advice right away on individual cases by calling DMH staff.
Counties can lead the effort to move people from welfare to work.
Counties can participate.
Counties can pick and choose among various elements of the state system.
Counties can still challenge the results and get their numbers adjusted.
Counties can then apply for that money.
Counties can use funds for repairs ranging from replacing leaky roofs to updating wiring.
Counties can use the funds for repairs ranging from replacing leaky roofs to updating wiring.
Counties can use zoning to allow or disallow plants that process farm products.
Counties Click on the county below to view local contact information on illegal dumping.
Counties commonly associated with offshore digitizing include India and Taiwan.
Counties Consider consumer choice models.
Counties continue only as geographical subdivisions.
Counties contribute to migration.
Counties control and manage more funds and service delivery.
Counties currently oversee protective services while the state handles the foster care system.
Counties deliver services.
Counties determine what services to provide and also set eligibility levels.
Counties do prior authorization for transportation.
Counties do things differently.
Counties dominate among all types of public sector contractors, regardless of model.
Counties don t have the staff to run the program.
Counties drive growth.
Counties experience properties.
Counties Find the counties that Title America serves, and a list of cities in each county.
Counties followed by an asterisk include images.
Counties form weed management districts and develop weed management plans.
Counties generally keep separate indexes to their probates and wills.
Counties generally monitor dairies, review proposals and field complaints.
Counties get a few more, but they are, with few exceptions, comparatively chump change.
Counties get funds earmarked for specific purposes, but almost always at less than their costs.
Counties get their money from the municipalities.
Counties get their most migrants from right next door.
Counties get to run elections.
Counties have (part) county seats.
Counties have a tough job doing many things for many people.
Counties have a variety of different structures and styles of operation.
Counties have an option of contracting a portion or all of the program activities.
Counties have areas.
Counties have different requirements for absentee ballot requests.
Counties have duty to provide jail for persons arrested by city police officers.
Counties have forces.
Counties have full-time administrators and elected boards of supervisors.
Counties have labor forces.
Counties have land areas.
Counties have limited official mapping powers.
Counties have many elected officers, each with some executive authority.
Counties have more flexibility to design employment and training services than in the past.
Counties have only limited ability to raise money in other ways.
Counties have permission to add to the tax and keep the extra proceeds.
Counties have problems.
Counties have rainfall.
Counties have significant responsibilities in health care and in enforcing health ordinances.
Counties have the flexibility to use PRC funds to create non-lump sum payment programs.
Counties have the 'local option' of prohibiting liquor by the drink in their jurisdictions.
Counties have theoption of requiring parents to go to work sooner.
Counties have three levels of courts.
Counties have to process the arrest and criminal records before they are turned over to the state.
Counties have until noon today to submit their final totals.
Counties have until noon tomorrow to report their absentee ballot results to the state.
Counties impose and collect a separate inheritance tax.
Counties increase their commitment to financing local salaries.
Counties initially pay the tuition reimbursement for preschool programs.
Counties keep land transfer records, wills, probates, etc.
Counties keep the money they save by getting people off welfare.
Counties kick in the rest.
Counties make available a range of basic medical care services and treatments.
Counties nationwide nominate volunteer programs that have benefited their communities.
Counties normally pay for election equipment without state assistance.
Counties now carry out regulation for the ag community.
Counties now decide what voting systems to buy.
Counties now fund more than half the state court system.
Counties now require park land be set aside for all subdivisions.
Counties offer attraction.
Counties offer many attraction.
Counties offers a wide variety of lung health services to the people of California.
Counties operate the juvenile courts in Washington State and they all follow the same laws.
Counties operate the trial court systems and the jails at the local level.
Counties participate in the pool through interlocal agreement.
Counties pay about a third less than cities, which decreases the competition.
Counties possess birds.
Counties produce sample ballot which is published in the newspaper.
Counties Promotes mental health treatment, education, and research.
Counties provide a variety of health care programs for their residents.
Counties provide adult and juvenile probation services.
Counties provide for the safe disposal of solid wastes produced in the county.
Counties question the economics of recycling without previously used tipping fee subsidies.
Counties receive a percentage of the amount they collect.
Counties receive and certify petitions for countywide offices and ballot proposals.
Counties receive disposal information from each licensed disposal facility within their boundaries.
Counties receive formula funding based on case filings and the number of judges.
Counties receive funds from the advance disposal fee charged when white goods are sold.
Counties rely on volunteer assistance and community resources to provide needed services.
Counties reveal a slight downward movement in testing of their systems.
Counties save time and money.
Counties seem to be dovetailing repair and replacement as they weave through assessment.
Counties shown with a purple background and white letters have active links.
Counties spend the next highest amount.
Counties still maintain information locally on paper for audit purposes.
Counties supply the courtrooms, for example.
Counties support the election process in a number of ways.
Counties take over former duties of districts.
Counties tax the improvements as personal property.
Counties then choose from the list of approved vendors.
Counties then take a commission to offset administrative costs.
Counties trace their roots to the English shire of a thousand years ago.
Counties use a debate over school funding to grab control of national forests.
Counties use the extra money for such things as school programs, salaries, and facilities.
Counties vary greatly in size and composition.
Counties vary greatly in size and population.
Counties vary in their identification requirements.
Counties vary widely by population.
Counties vary widely in sentencing first time offenders.
Counties where sampling took place are shaded in dark gray black.
Counties work closely with the police on investigations.
Counties work with citizen groups and individual landowners who voluntarily participate.
County agrees to a contract to reimburse city for services provided which have a county-wide impact.
County appeals the circuit court s determination that coverage was excluded under the policy.
County assumes no financial obligations for preparation and submittal of bid.
County atlases and maps for civic improvements can also be quite useful.
County atlases often list the majority of cemeteries that existed when published.
County begins negotiations for longer term arrangement.
County buys land for wetlands renewal.
County cigarettes tax rates vary from county to county according to the language of each act.
County clerks generally.
County clerks other than as clerks of court.
County clerks to issue certificate of election.
County dedicates funding for vehicle turn-arounds.
County demands trial by jury.
County denies monitoring for providing some specific paramedical service.
County determines the validity of complaint filed with the county.
County directories, parish registers, county histories, etc.
County eliminates responsibility for operational duties.
County Enter a complete or partial county name and a two-character state postal abbreviation.
County Enter a complete or partial county name.
County Enter the county listed.
County Enter the name of county.
County Enter the name of the county here and in the space along the right hand margin.
County goes ahead anyway, with a political two-airport plan.
County grounds all round the country, and in Dublin, Edinburgh and Amsterdam, saw top class games.
County has hundreds of health practitioners, ranging from acupuncturists to specialists in urology.
County has no duty with respect to design and construction of state-owned highway.
County has no further interest in the remaining four lots.
County has no plan for redevelopment.
County holds revolutionary beliefs Union County is rich in Revolutionary War-era history.
County is a leader in grain and cotton production.
County is a major success with many vendors clammering to supply material.
County is a variant name.
County is among state's leader's in petroleum production, cotton, and peanuts.
County is fortunate to be home to thousands of acres of open space, nature reserves and parks.
County is fourth in state in number of autos and motorcycles.
County is liable for courthouse murder.
County is now home to many wineries.
County is one of Texas' leading sheep producing areas.
County is responsible for repair to ones turned over.
County is responsible.
County is somewhat surprised by our lack of enthusiasm about triggers.
County is the county where the headquarters of the institution listed on line one is located.
County is very dry.
County is vicariously liable for intentional wrongs of on-duty deputies.
County isa region.
County offers information on non toxic alternatives and the pesticide notification law.
County offers 'triple' peak opportunity.
County ordinances governing elderly residential facilities.
County owns it, but ground has been cleared for construction all the way up to graves.
County pays cost.
County pays entire premium for the employee, and one-half of dependent health premiums.
County plans for the property.
County presents witness from county enforcement.
County presses charges against men alleging they fled after killing cyclist.
County provides staff, supplies, services, and equipment.
County receives an administration fee from any contractor supplying the code enforcement service.
County recieves payments for emergency mgt.
County requires proof of adequate water for any subdivision.
County reverses itself and begins a full hand count.
County saves money on general business liability insurance.
County sees being a woman as a spiritual thing.
County sees fiscal management being removed from local control.
County show standard quality mare with excellent bone and substance.
County sues over zoning denial.
County tries to persuade doctor to change the order for services or hours.
County unveils five year highway improvement plan.
County wants to keep the roads.
Counties often administer the rules.
Counties often dedicate a portion of document recording fees.
Counties often have nice parks.
Counties often perform services for other levels of government.
Counties usually contract with local non-profit agencies rather than provide direct services.
Counties usually levy a real estate property tax.
All counties are available nationwide.
All counties are easily accessible on good roads.
All counties are eligible to apply for assistance under the hazard mitigation grant program.
All counties are eligible.
All counties are in the dataset.
All counties are now available.
All counties are searchable at once.
All counties contract with a single transportation vendor at a flat rate.
All counties currently agree that entrapment is a valid affirmative defense.
All counties have a circuit court.
All counties have a problem with tires.
All counties have a wide array of churches and civic organizations.
All counties have at least one emergency medical service.
All counties have circuit courts.
All counties have free or inexpensive educational materials available on a wide variety of topics.
All counties have special courts to handle small claims.
All counties have state and federal voting information.
All counties support a medical facility except Grant County and Alfalfa County.
All counties welcome.
Every county can provide for reference lookups.
Every county has a common pleas court, served by one or more judges.
Every county has a community resource program to assist people in purchasing medications.
Every county has a local office on aging which provides information and referral.
Every county has a medical examiner that can be contacted for a copy of a report.
Every county has a north county.
Every county has a separate site, and content can differ widely.
Every county has a special hearing procedure to handle parenting time problems.
Every county has a time and place for restraining order hearings.
Every county has access to the curriculum.
Every county has an agency.
Every county has different criteria.
Every county has different levels of expertise in organizing.
Every county has four local elected officials whose positions are created by the State Constitution.
Every county has it's own organisation.
Every county has needy children.
Every county has several precincts.
Every county has slight variations on how the information is disclosed.
Every county has the problem.
Every county has welfare workers, health care providers and agricultural extension agents.
Every county has workers who commute to nearby jobs and others who come into the county to work.
Every county is on a different re-assessment cycle.
Every county is served by a technical and adult center.
Every county is under a water shortage warning or watch.
Every county needs a county seat, a city which serves as the seat of government for the county.
Every county needs a win to keep the spirits up.
Every county reports high rates of no-shows.
Every county seems to have a variation on theme for their holdings.
Every county sets up their own early voting locations and hours.
Every county's a little bit different, has a little bit different type of client to deal with.
Many counties allow service by regular or certified mail if the defendant lives in that county.
Many counties already have IRV-compatible equipment.
Many counties also conduct informal education programs on fruit production.
Many counties also have atlases and plat books that identify ownership of land.
Many counties also have noxious weed and invasive plant strategic plans.
Many counties are home to branch campuses and smaller, special focus institutions.
Many counties are under complete water bans.
Many counties conduct county-sponsored day classes and activities throughout the year.
Many counties conduct landscape clinics.
Many counties conduct two-meter radio Skywarn nets.
Many counties enforce stringent laws regarding owner responsibility for damage done by roaming dogs.
Many counties have a free container recycling program for plastic pesticide jugs.
Many counties have a transport system available for a nominal fee.
Many counties have agility programs.
Many counties have county parks.
Many counties have courses to help parents and children cope with the emotional toll of divorce.
Many counties have extensive Internet information on their agencies.
Many counties have few if any formal supervision services.
Many counties have geographic barriers that make traveling to central locations difficult.
Many counties have mediation procedures available.
Many counties have no resident HF operators.
Many counties have no volunteers transcribing.
Many counties have ordinances about noxious weeds and other nuisances.
Many counties have planting machines that they rent out for a reasonable fee.
Many counties have sales tax rates unique to their specific county.
Many counties have subsidy programs.
Many counties have the original form on file at the courthouse.
Many counties have their own forms to waive the filing fee.
Many counties have their own lists and there are several Texas regional lists available.
Many counties have variations in criteria.
Many counties hold picnics, dinners, or parties where workers are recognized and thanked.
Many counties list all real estate transactions.
Many counties make up the state of New York.
Many counties now have dispute resolution boards.
Many counties offer free advice-only clinics for low income people.
Many counties offer free compost at landfills and other distribution sites.
Many counties play a key role in shaping natural resource policy at the state and national level.
Many counties provide a youth camp as part of their educational program offerings.
Many counties publish a calendar of events or a yearbook each year.
Many counties rely on subsidies to keep goods and services priced competitively in export markets.
Many counties Request for grade level.
Many counties require periodic inspection of septic systems.
Many counties subsidize the cost of certain vaccinations.
Most counties administer a rural transportation service.
Most counties are as much as two years behind in processing assessment appeals.
Most counties are available.
Most counties are currently self-insured.
Most counties are in the process of developing their community service plans.
Most counties collect personal property tax on business assets.
Most counties continue to have excessive soil moisture in low-lying areas.
Most counties contribute to migration.
Most counties currently use a receipt system rather than the actual documentary stamps.
Most counties don t do it.
Most counties drive growth.
Most counties elect trial court judges.
Most counties encompass several quadrangles.
Most counties fall within their coverage area.
Most counties feel it is local traffic, so share the maintenance costs.
Most counties have a CHDP office, with a few counties sharing responsibility under a joint program.
Most counties have a county affiliate intended for local activism.
Most counties have a county planning department that can be contact about any flood concerns.
Most counties have a local medical society which keeps a listing of all the doctors in the area.
Most counties have a local representative, and hold regular meetings.
Most counties have a lower and an upper court.
Most counties have a similar agency.
Most counties have an exact match by category to total population.
Most counties have areas.
Most counties have both community and project groups.
Most counties have different problems and they can be concentrated in small areas.
Most counties have dual certification.
Most counties have forces.
Most counties have forms available for the victim to use.
Most counties have forms available for victims to use.
Most counties have indexes of both the bride's name and the name of the groom.
Most counties have labor forces.
Most counties have land areas.
Most counties have listings in the directory.
Most counties have many different courts.
Most counties have many districts.
Most counties have mobile crises units who can be alerted to assist in some cases.
Most counties have one or more projects in action.
Most counties have opportunities that last from single events to year long activities.
Most counties have policies in place with regard to such experience.
Most counties have problems.
Most counties have rainfall.
Most counties have several dispatch centers that handle calls separately for each municipality.
Most counties have taxes to fund locally controlled transportation activities.
Most counties have to borrow money at cutover.
Most counties hire a jailer, a judge, a clerk and a coroner.
Most counties keep no official records.
Most counties located entirely or partially within the district are available.
Most counties offer adult day care programs as a reprieve for care givers.
Most counties offer attraction.
Most counties offer group meals for seniors at community centers and also home-delivered meals.
Most counties offer many attraction.
Most counties offer probation and alcohol education.
Most counties operate their own shelters, including a few that have put their sheriff in charge.
Most counties possess birds.
Most counties provide building code inspection.
Most counties realize they're getting a good buy.
Most Counties require co-location where possible.
Most counties require that dogs be vaccinated for rabies but policies vary for cats.
Most Counties run a C team however there is no national championship to qualify for.
Most counties save their reports for a batch mailing.
Most counties therefore have some records that pre-date the formation of the county.
Most counties use professionals to take pictures and slides of the docu-drama.
Some counties allow individuals to apply at other sites, including hospitals.
Some counties already have computers.
Some counties already have programs in place to recover consumer electronics.
Some counties also contain cemetery listings, census information, and marriage information.
Some counties also have county and municipal court systems.
Some counties also have ordinances defining and controlling abandoned or junk cars.
Some counties also have shelters for people who have been abused.
Some counties also offer tax incentives for property used in agriculture.
Some counties also pay for some travel costs.
Some counties also publish gardening newsletters.
Some counties also use their own rules.
Some counties are as a lump sum if it is part of their plan.
Some counties are available in an online index.
Some counties are incomplete or missing, as indicated above .
Some counties are like police states.
Some counties are notorious for low verdicts or high verdicts.
Some counties are part of demonstration projects.
Some counties are the ones having problems with e-mail now.
Some counties are very much like cities in that they encourage development.
Some counties are very up front about services.
Some counties are wetter than others, but deer hunting prospects are good throughout the state.
Some counties assert that the residual danger from meth labs is overstated.
Some counties become districts.
Some counties build even as they lose population.
Some counties combine their efforts in certain areas.
Some counties combine their efforts in certain efforts in certain areas.
Some counties compare their workforce to the entire relevant market.
Some counties control alcohol as well.
Some counties currently use CCAP for selected case types.
Some counties do want to flow control their waste.
Some counties elect instead to charge for each publication.
Some counties even have their own web sites.
Some counties even offer access via the web.
Some counties even offer small bounties for coyote kills.
Some counties expect no impact.
Some counties experience much higher incidence than others.
Some counties face spending millions to update data.
Some counties grant the permits if applicants meet certain guidelines.
Some counties have a beaver eradication program whereby a bounty is paid to harvesters of beavers.
Some counties have a court trustee who is appointed by the judges to collect child support.
Some counties have a much bigger tax base and are able to do much more.
Some counties have a much larger proportion of older people than others.
Some counties have a tremendous surplus and others a huge shortage.
Some counties have additional requirements.
Some counties have adequate financial resources, but others are facing big financial burdens.
Some counties have birth, death, marriage records, wills, census lists, etc.
Some counties have both a fall and spring sales closing date for wheat.
Some counties have boundaries coextensive with cities.
Some counties have busier court calendars than others.
Some counties have certain forms that are on colored paper.
Some counties have chief officers.
Some counties have computer-generated databases and others keep hand or typewritten indexes.
Some counties have court commissioners that decide small claims cases.
Some counties have criteria which prohibits exclusion of acreage.
Some counties have formal diagnostic county plant clinics.
Some counties have health codes enforced by the county health department.
Some counties have information about starting a business on their web sites.
Some counties have little or no shelter services for younger children.
Some counties have local traffic laws called ordinances.
Some counties have more extensive records than others.
Some counties have more property than others.
Some counties have more specific procedures.
Some counties have more than one choice of weather stations.
Some counties have more than one location that appear to have the same elevation.
Some counties have more while others have a little less.
Some counties have no homeless-shelter beds.
Some counties have officers.
Some counties have separate child support programs as well.
Some counties have several categories of entries, while others have only one or two.
Some counties have skin.
Some counties have slaves.
Some counties have small claims clinics to assist in the preparation of small claims cases.
Some counties have small parks with walking tracks.
Some counties have states.
Some counties have their older probate records indexed making it very easy to conduct searches.
Some counties have two MSAs within their boundaries.
Some counties have very little budget and generally ask the members to absorb costs of activities.
Some counties have warty skin.
Some counties have weatherization programs.
Some counties however have yet to create a web presence.
Some counties impose recycling charges on each household in addition to solid waste charges.
Some counties increase farmland.
Some counties incur additional fees and delayed response times.
Some counties lack adequate assessment, case management, and referral services.
Some counties maintain decent lists as well.
Some counties now have local enrollment centers.
Some counties now restrict wood roofs or require specific classifications of roofing material.
Some counties offer fax-back services.
Some counties offer hazardous waste disposal services.
Some counties offer publicly provided prenatal care but without adequate facilities or staff.
Some counties only have one stoplight.
Some counties organize festivals on all levels.
Some counties pay more than the required minimum amount.
Some counties permit farmers to serve on the same boards that they ask for money.
Some counties possess deer.
Some counties possess mosquitoes.
Some counties possess puppies.
Some counties prefer keeping youth offenders close to home.
Some counties provide a list of changes, while others match the date of birth.
Some counties provide full-time aides.
Some counties provide vouchers for certain specified needs.
Some counties require a certified copy of the death certificate, so phone ahead for requirements.
Some counties require four sheets.
Some counties require mandatory jail sentences.
Some counties require mediation prior to a hearing before the judge.
Some counties require more than one map.
Some counties require new developments to include a specified percentage of open space.
Some counties require that both cats and dogs be immunized, while others mandate only for dogs.
Some counties require the use of local forms in addition to the state forms.
Some counties require their own licenses for jobs like painting.
Some counties routinely identify and count the male mosquitoes.
Some counties sell few licenses and have no shelter.
Some counties share specialized services such as juvenile justice and mental health.
Some counties show downward trends.
Some counties show trends.
Some counties suffer from disasters.
Some counties use inmates to work in recycling projects, while others perform clerical duties.
Some counties use interview judging at their county fairs.
Some counties use mechanical voting machines or computer-touch screens.
Some counties use one court.
Some counties use that basic form of open list.
Some counties use the cards as a tickler device to follow up on delinquent accounts.
Some county clerks hold marriage records for the period ca.
Countywide programs are too distant.
A coup is success
Coup is a sudden seizure of power, usually by the military, in which the old government is replaced.
Coup is also possible.
Coup is open seven days a week only for dinner.
Coup is the mechanism of direct impact.
Coup led by a reformist, almost socialist military Usually, the army defends the status quo.
Coup puts nephew in power with Spanish approval.
Coups are carriage.
Coups are success.
Coups are the most cynical form of power grabbing.
Coups are therefore a common occurrence.
Coups have consequences.
Coups regularly erupt in Pakistan, even in good times.
Coups seem barely conceivable in Thailand today.
More coups are in the works.
A coupe is a car
Coupes are cars.
Coupes are more performance-oriented than most other vehicles .
Coupes are preferable.
Coupes have advantages over open cars in terms of aerodynamics and driver comfort.
Coupes meet with two other couples in each others' home once a month for a meal and fellowship.
Most coupes are suitable only for the driver and front passenger.
Some coupes can be difficult to get in and out of for rear seat passengers.
Coupeville residents are almost unanimous on that subject.
Couple counseling is also available.
Couple counseling is available to partners who want to explore and improve an intimate relationship.
A couple is a pair
Couple are at a train station, about to say good bye.
Couple barges where in file awaited their tower there to charge lime.
Couple blocks ahead on the left.
Couple calls it quits.
Couple changes to the website.
Couple clicks away.
Couple collects plant material and builds nest together.
Couple currently live in the mountains of Colorado, with plans to move to Florida.
Couple designs their own settlement with aid of the mediator.
Couple discover burglar under bed.
Couple encourage till whatever breadth while grew bonneville sse.
Couple exchange the gifts they have brought for each other.
Couple exists as a singular and a plural noun.
Couple faces each other, man on inside, lady on outside.
Couple faces the altar.
Couple fear about none teenager organization.
Couple follows same footwork throughout the dance.
Couple gives the best relaxing swedish or strong yet gentle deep tissue massage.
Couple goes back to worrying in front of next ticket machine.
Couple has three children.
Couple has two children.
Couple have some foxing otherwise very good.
Couple is another word that be plural or singular depending on construction.
Couple is unable to conceive normally.
Couple isa indefinite quantity.
Couple joins hands to form a heart of love.
Couple jumps back.
Couple lives in Tampa.
Couple notes about what others said.
Couple pays mediator.
Couple puts literary landmark on market.
Couple remove Relief throughout whatever leader without several college.
Couple scratches in lower hair.
Couple sends frozen semen to that doctor.
Couple separates to save their marriage.
Couple stay together in assisted living facility.
Couple suck it alley or state hymen.
Couple talk about sex, pt.
Couple then take a close position and does four apache steps.
Couple trades two-career family for work with and for poor.
Couple try out the bed, are tossed around by the wave action of the undulating water bed.
Couple turn to face each other and join their left hands.
Couple unbind thier left arms.
Couple uses same footwork throughout the dance.
Couple uses same footwork.
Couples acknowledge that they have differing vacation activity preferences.
Couples adopt embryos.
Couples also attend our meetings and activities.
Couples also can benefit from bouncing ideas off each other or talking through issues and concerns.
Couples also can divorce if they live apart for two years.
Couples also compete in various quizzes and contests, testing their compatibility.
Couples also expect to be happy.
Couples also flock to the grounds for photographs on the special day.
Couples also have each other to think about.
Couples also have many different ways of trying to settle their disagreements or conflicts.
Couples also hold civil ceremonies in a hotel or private home.
Couples also holds the record for consecutive cuts made among active players.
Couples also pay their own medical expenses for embryo transfer.
Couples also use it as a way to comfort or bond with each other after the birth of a baby.
Couples also use pornography to enhance their relationship.
Couples also wrestle with timing questions.
Couples are a largely invisible segment of an already mostly underground community.
Couples are able to get divorced too easily today.
Couples are able to plan activities together or individually as their schedules permit.
Couples are also welcome though.
Couples are also welcome.
Couples are books.
Couples are capable of communicates.
Couples are capable of dances.
Couples are eligible for joint placement.
Couples are encouraged to apply.
Couples are families.
Couples are formed, very peaceably, in the glad morning sunlight.
Couples are free to plan activities together and individually with their little.
Couples are in tune and agreements are easily reached.
Couples are less likely to smoke or drink to excess.
Couples are likely to experience changes in their relationship.
Couples are located in theatres.
Couples are located in weddings.
Couples are more than welcome.
Couples are no longer the only ones adjusting to new marriages.
Couples are now able to register online to receive the gift of money for their wedding.
Couples are now the wrong side of the dance.
Couples are often concerned that the kids they adopt have similar characteristics to their own.
Couples are often extremely reluctant to okay disposal.
Couples are often under the conception that when they divorce, they're done with their ex-spouse.
Couples are pairs.
Couples are particularly vulnerable during periods of separation and divorce.
Couples are preferred, but cabin can accommodate four people.
Couples are preferred, but single women are eligible.
Couples are really affectionate.
Couples are responsible for contacting ministers.
Couples are responsible for their own airfare to Las Vegas and other incidental expenses.
Couples are spoilt for choice when it comes to finding their ideal ceremony and reception venue.
Couples are twos.
Couples are units.
Couples are usually on a high during the time immediately following their marriage.
Couples are welcome as long as both shifts are covered.
Couples are welcome to apply as well.
Couples are welcome to dance as couples.
Couples are welcome to share a membership.
Couples are welcome, the atmosphere is loud and the women beautiful.
Couples are welcome, too.
Couples are welcome.
Couples arrive the evening before for an intimate dinner and a cozy evening in front of the fire.
Couples arrive, eat, chat about everyday things.
Couples ask that question a lot.
Couples assumes no responsibility for submissions.
Couples attend one weekend a month and one night a week for a period of four months.
Couples attending the unit therefore enjoy the proximity of a relevant major hospital.
Couples base their decision on different factors.
Couples begin to establish stronger ties or experience weakening of established ones.
Couples break up all the time.
Couples breaking up can use the netcouple del command themselves.
Couples bring children into the world.
Couples bring one deck to share.
Couples build huge nests that are reused each year.
Couples buy a variety of items while on their honeymoon trip.
Couples can accomplish remarkable things no one else can do.
Couples can accumulate the down payment for their first home.
Couples can add more, if desired.
Couples can adjust well to disability.
Couples can adopt children.
Couples can agree to waive their rights to financial support.
Couples can also check with their doctor for resources in their area.
Couples can also choose to have joint ownership of bank accounts, homes, cars, or other items.
Couples can also make more informed decisions about having children of their own.
Couples can also request to sitout for specific tips.
Couples can always be faithful to the love they know now.
Couples can arrange for a formal sit-down dinner or a cocktail reception.
Couples can arrange for security privately.
Couples can arrive or leave the dance without upsetting the rotation.
Couples can ask for an aisle and a window seat in a three-seat row.
Couples can avail a special online offer.
Couples can be in the same group or different groups.
Couples can benefit from researching their prospects before making any costly decisions.
Couples can choose from a range of catalogues or from the on-line shop.
Couples can choose from a standard or king-size double bed, or a twin room if preferred.
Couples can choose secluded dining in the garden or sit on the sun porch or in the cozy dining room.
Couples can choose the wedding location on the beachfront property.
Couples can choose their own music and write their own vows for the occasion.
Couples can choose to have everything from a simple ceremony to a complete island feast.
Couples can choose to work at the same project or different projects.
Couples can continue to nurture their relationship in many ways.
Couples can customize their firmness control.
Couples can decide matters together.
Couples can define their own sense of equity within their relationship.
Couples can enjoy a romantic dinner while overlooking Table Rock Lake in an airy, comfortable room.
Couples can enjoy a satisfying, deepening, and enriching relationship regardless of age.
Couples can enjoy a stroll past sidewalk cafes and boutiques.
Couples can enjoy romantic candlelit dinners in a tropical setting.
Couples can enjoy visual stimulation together and learn more about each other in the process.
Couples can enter and leave the rotation at any time.
Couples can even have their weddings here.
Couples can expect to have arguments, perhaps big ones.
Couples can find true satisfaction and meaning in shared values and experiences.
Couples can form at any time.
Couples can get cash back for items purchased as part of the registry.
Couples can go to the same movie theater and end up seeing different movies with the same title.
Couples can have a great experience riding together, read how.
Couples can have all kinds of plans, spoken or unspoken, to enrich their relationship or sex life.
Couples can have their meal at a table and later relax at the bar.
Couples can help couples .
Couples can immerse themselves in the incredible beauty of the islands and the casual, relaxed pace.
Couples can join an e-mail discussion group to discuss potential problem areas.
Couples can join at less than the cost of two individual memberships.
Couples can keep going until they guess right, or a limit can be set on guesses.
Couples can link arms or put arms around each others' waist.
Couples can make a difference.
Couples can make a wedding Web page.
Couples can merge into a single being by connecting their seven chakras.
Couples can mix up their own lovely libations using some of our bartenders' favorite recipes.
Couples can play with the latest and greatest interactive multimedia available.
Couples can prepare ahead by minding nutrition, quitting smoking, and exercising.
Couples can prepare in much the same way as younger missionaries.
Couples can read the same vows to one another, or each create something different.
Couples can rediscover each other and build a more mature, satisfying, and romantic life together.
Couples can reduce their children's health risks by spacing births.
Couples can register at either the Web site or in-person at one of the company's shops.
Couples can register in any store without an appointment.
Couples can register online.
Couples can relax surrounded by nature.
Couples can respond to deterioration in active or passive ways.
Couples can revel in just about any activity under the sun.
Couples can save money by finding alternatives to tradition that are still meaningful and realistic.
Couples can serve together filling one seat, with one vote.
Couples can share a book and make copies of the homework to turn in for grading.
Couples can share a car, and several cars can go together and arrive at the dance at the same time.
Couples can soothe and relax while the enjoy the view of the area.
Couples can spend hours a day hooked on television, yet ignoring each other.
Couples can spend the day picking the backgrounds for their pictures and taking sweet poses.
Couples can still show the 'youngsters' a thing or two.
Couples can then talk about any of the questions they find beneficial.
Couples can unlearn the behaviors that destroy love and . . .
Couples can use the book alone or it is an excellent resource for leading couples groups.
Couples can use the knowledge of their fertility to achieve or avoid a pregnancy.
Couples can use the lack of time together as a defense against intimacy.
Couples can watch videos of mate's dates.
Couples can work together on the accompanying study guide sheets.
Couples celebrate birthdays, anniversaries.
Couples cheat at standing line.
Couples choose home birth because they feel safer and more in control at home.
Couples choose to alter their statutory rights for a number of reasons.
Couples comb the beach collecting seashells.
Couples come and go, but relationships stick through rough terrain.
Couples come here, couples who seem to love each other, but also want to explore.
Couples come in with plans to sneak off to some spot and talk about their relationships.
Couples come into our office with faces pinched by fear, rage, and confusion.
Couples come to celebrate an anniversary.
Couples come to different kinds of peace with herpes.
Couples commonly come for counseling when their first child is between one and two years of age.
Couples complete both the worker and spouse checklists.
Couples compromise on all sorts of things.
Couples consider a variety of issues in the process of deciding when to have a second child.
Couples consist of husband and wife.
Couples contemplating long-term relationships today have many choices.
Couples contemplating pregnancy are also welcome.
Couples control their breath and, like yoga, combine it with various postures that capture energy.
Couples dance in a circle, a semicircle or a line.
Couples dance in a large circle facing counterclockwise around the hall.
Couples dance to lively music following the instructions of a caller.
Couples deal successfully with herpes all the time.
Couples dealing with painful sex often feel they are quite alone in the experience.
Couples decide for themselves who knows that they are being treated.
Couples decide on discipline and bio-parent generally directs behavior.
Couples definitely give something up if they marry a third person.
Couples develop certain habitual work patterns, see the same people socially, etc.
Couples devote much time, energy and resources raising their children.
Couples dip and sway as they move counter-clockwise around the room.
Couples disconnected in midlife can use the crisis as a bridge to find one another again.
Couples discuss marital issues and help prepare the couple for marriage.
Couples discuss the topics and practice skills in privacy.
Couples discuss the topics and practice the skills in private.
Couples dive under the covers.
Couples do a lot of crying together.
Couples do it.
Couples don t always agree and don t have to.
Couples don t often understand the unique issues that a single parent deals with in a family.
Couples drift off.
Couples drift together, embrace and dance a slow two-step, then drift apart.
Couples drop out when infertility investigations and treatment become too expensive.
Couples employ various coping strategies to deal with the distance.
Couples end facing each other. . .
Couples end facing each other.
Couples end up changing their own lives.
Couples enjoy a closer understanding.
Couples enjoy a glimpse of the past as well as amenities of the modern world.
Couples enjoy a variety of activities for fun, fellowship, and Christian unity.
Couples enjoy carpaccio and risotti by moonlight.
Couples enjoy economic benefits, too.
Couples enjoy spa and body treatments together.
Couples enter into their first marriage at a older age than in the past.
Couples especially welcome.
Couples even picks up transfers and greens fees.
Couples exchange mutual vows of commitment and responsibility using egalitarian texts.
Couples expect more of one another and from their marriage.
Couples experiencing more severe or sudden disability often have it harder.
Couples face center of circle.
Couples face each other.
Couples face outside of circle.
Couples face outward from center of dance floor.
Couples fail to take into account the two to three months often required for conception to occur.
Couples fall in love and, at least for a while, live in that particular glory.
Couples feel hopeful and ready to recommit.
Couples fight and argue over different things.
Couples find a great sanctuary in our chapters.
Couples find little help from local churches.
Couples find mixed leagues attractive.
Couples find one another and then lose their partners.
Couples find themselves a sudden passion for family cars.
Couples first endure the problems that prompt a separation.
Couples first write their responses to the following statements, then dialog together.
Couples focus on activities that bring together students and their spouses or partners.
Couples form a circle looking toward the center.
Couples generally live near the groom's parents.
Couples get babies.
Couples get to know one another by spending time together.
Couples gets the line.
Couples go first, but single people are added when there are spaces available.
Couples go home to do their homework.
Couples go out to nice dinners and have private time alone with each other.
Couples going through divorce have to contend with countless financial decisions.
Couples gradually emerge from the group.
Couples grow either closer together or they realise what they can expect down the road.
Couples grow spiritually when they pray together.
Couples gulp down gin and tonics in the snug bars and giggle conspiratorially.
Couples handle it in different ways.
Couples have a better change of successfully receiving mortgage approval.
Couples have a long-term relationship and clearly appreciate each other's company.
Couples have a love story to tell that can be integrated into their ceremonies.
Couples have children.
Couples have children.
Couples have different ways to share sexual pleasure with each other.
Couples have kids.
Couples have less time together.
Couples have offspring.
Couples have plenty of songs to choose from.
Couples have several housing options from which to choose.
Couples have sex, couples get pregnant, couples have children. . . .
Couples have sex.
Couples have special rules.
Couples have strengths on which they can build .
Couples have to concentrate on it.
Couples have to fulfil defined eligibility criteria before being eligible to adopt a child.
Couples have to learn to be couples in the midst of a stressed family.
Couples have to learn to talk and listen to one another effectively.
Couples have to split up.
Couples have to stick to the program until it's completed.
Couples have ways of bidding for one another's attention.
Couples have young children.
Couples having trouble conceiving a child know it.
Couples heal by starting to talk straight with each other about their emotional selves.
Couples here are generally married with children.
Couples here dress the part.
Couples hold each other close, trying out the back seats of SUVs.
Couples hold hands.
Couples huddle close.
Couples interpret the ups and downs in a number of ways.
Couples is a all-inclusive resort for couples only.
Couples is a significant addition to gay and lesbian studies.
Couples is arranged like a botanical model.
Couples is Jamaica's all-inclusive resort made just for two.
Couples is Jamaica's original all-inclusive resort made just for two.
Couples is the defending champion.
Couples is there to help.
Couples is very unique for our nudist clients.
Couples issues a commemorative certificate.
Couples just give up.
Couples keep separate finances, separate assets and, sometimes, separate homes.
Couples learn about nutrition, comfort measures, exercise, pre-term labor, and prenatal testing.
Couples learn communication and anger management skills, including conflict resolution.
Couples learn how to get more satisfaction from their relationships and to head off problems.
Couples learn parenting skills and anger management.
Couples learn proven, effective relaxation techniques to eliminate fear, tension and pain.
Couples learn speaker-listener techniques, problem solving skills and a conflict resolution process.
Couples learn to channel the energy of that love to heal body and mind.
Couples learn to work as a team.
Couples learn together to understand their combined fertility.
Couples leave the parties.
Couples like to go with a group or travel alone together.
Couples likes Hope Island's greens.
Couples linger at benches to indulge in romantic moments.
Couples live a comfortable life together and generally seek out other couples.
Couples live in free union.
Couples live in harmony.
Couples living at the same address pay only one membership fee.
Couples living together, married or unmarried, can also cause problems among students.
Couples lock lips and make goo-goo eyes.
Couples look at what Scripture says about love, focusing on the gift of sexuality.
Couples look forward to bearing children.
Couples look forward to the honeymoon as the romantic adventure of a lifetime.
Couples look passionately into each other's eyes.
Couples make love as golden sunlight streams through the windowpanes.
Couples make their decisions in tandem, based on a few cold practicalities.
Couples make their own arrangements.
Couples making the effort also are a rarity.
Couples manage their registries, create a wedding web page, and buy wedding party gifts.
Couples married for seventy years or more are rare.
Couples marry in Central Park.
Couples marry traditionally - and divorce, as well.
Couples Massage for more information.
Couples meet as a group each week while completing individual and couple homework as well.
Couples meet in chat rooms mostly under assumed names.
Couples meet with a priest and enroll in a marriage preparation program.
Couples move freely, but without almost lifting their feet from the floor.
Couples move their hips to the beat of bongo drums and the shake of maracas.
Couples nationwide agree.
Couples naturally express intimacy in different ways as they get older.
Couples never changes expression.
Couples newest all-inclusive resort.
Couples normally divide property in a divorce or separation.
Couples now have a say in who they marry and are usually simply 'guided' by their families.
Couples now have access to technological advances that have increased the odds of pregnancy.
Couples now live together from the age that their parents' generation married.
Couples now prefer to write their own or make slight variations as they please.
Couples nuzzle on banquettes.
Couples offers the most romantic weddings on earth.
Couples owe it themselves to work at reducing the conflict to see more clearly.
Couples own private island for 'au naturel' sunbathing.
Couples package too.
Couples participate in adoption counseling preparation and education as part of the home study.
Couples pay part of the bill, often several hundred dollars.
Couples plagued by routine marital strife are undoubtedly in an unhealthy situation.
Couples planning to have a child can seek a genetic evaluation.
Couples play for chickens, turkeys, or hams.
Couples polka around each other, ending up in progressed places.
Couples polka while moving counterclockwise around the big circle.
Couples predominate but families are also an important target group.
Couples preparing for marriage today really do want their marriages to last forever.
Couples promenade anti-clockwise.
Couples propose marriage in unlikely places.
Couples provides for everything .
Couples provides for everything.
Couples quickly learn to interrupt negative patterns and get back on track.
Couples quit their marriages.
Couples react to each other in negative ways, often with unfortunate results.
Couples receive direct experiences of how to move into absolutely cherishing each other .
Couples receive fresh flowers, sweetheart gift basket and an intimate fireside dinner.
Couples reconnect hands after completing the turn.
Couples regularly bring their babies to the temple for dedication.
Couples remain couples, or leave each other briefly, only to return.
Couples remains determined to become at least competitive again.
Couples renew affection by double-dating with friends.
Couples renew their vows and learn how to make marriage work.
Couples report that there are times when talking and listening is insufficient.
Couples report their combined income and deduct their combined allowable deductions.
Couples resolve problems in counseling by talking about problems.
Couples retreat on Lake Huron.
Couples review the ceremony.
Couples say attending together strengthens their PALs experience.
Couples say that riding double, like any joint endeavor, depends on communication and trust.
Couples search for landscapes that spell romance.
Couples seem to relate well to that illustration.
Couples select items from a list of online retailers.
Couples share a nice rapport tonight.
Couples share a romantic dinner as a strolling violinist sets the tone.
Couples share a workbook.
Couples share household chores equally.
Couples share the household chores.
Couples shed their inhibitions and kissed on stage.
Couples shop together.
Couples show up after dinner.
Couples show up at the vendors doorways with printed out sheets from the website.
Couples side more then sex mpegs asian.
Couples simply establish residency for three business days.
Couples simply relax as they are covered in colours that play with their emotions.
Couples sip espressos and slowly savor spoonfuls of chocolate gelato.
Couples sip Turkish coffee in street-side cafes.
Couples slowly begin to share less.
Couples speak of feeling that they already know one another, or that they think alike.
Couples spend a lot of time planning for the future.
Couples spend time alone walking, riding or in the parlor.
Couples spend two billion dollars a year on infertility treatments.
Couples spread their blankets and share a bottle of wine.
Couples stand in long lines across from their partner, thus the word 'contra'.
Couples stay overnight utilizing campus housing.
Couples stroll down the road for an easy hike into the desert.
Couples stroll in the sunshine before choosing a trattoria in which to eat.
Couples stroll quietly together.
Couples strove to put some zip in their dancing.
Couples struggle today and part of that struggle is simply financial.
Couples struggling with infertility today face a strong cultural imperative to make a family.
Couples suffer most from the tedium of repetitive and predictable sex.
Couples sway, entranced and warmed, voices rise in song.
Couples take the task on with varying degrees of enthusiasm and with different results.
Couples take their time choosing, giving priority to their own personal tastes.
Couples take up their guests and send invitation cards in one month before.
Couples talk past each other or stop trying at all.
Couples tend to create their own little universe.
Couples tend to think that hiring a wedding consultant can be expensive.
Couples then compete for the house itself .
Couples then compete for the house itself.
Couples think they're being discreet, but they're viewed as dishonest.
Couples trades places.
Couples traverse .
Couples typically manage conflict by excluding it, by avoiding it, or by resolving it.
Couples use condoms both to avoid pregnancy and to prevent the spread of disease.
Couples use couple handhold and styling similar to wheel and deal.
Couples use oral sex in a variety of ways.
Couples use scanners to compile a list.
Couples wander arm in arm, clearly on a date.
Couples wander in and out of the light by the entrance, headed for the parking lot.
Couples wanting to adopt can inquire, and join the pool of prospective adoptive - parents.
Couples welcome .
Couples welcome to apply.
Couples welcome, dress code in effect.
Couples work .
Couples work as a team, with the same hours on and the same days off.
Couples work hard to make sure that their wedding celebration is as unique as their relationship.
Couples work needs to be done in-person in the office.
Couples always progress in their original direction.
Couples always tend to argue or fight.
Couples frequently face a higher tax burden after they marry.
Couples often choose to have initials, dates or meaningful phrases engraved into their bands.
Couples often come back together and entire family units recur.
Couples often complain that over time their relationship has become routine and boring.
Couples often create more embryos than they use in any one attempt at pregnancy.
Couples often dance Dutch dances.
Couples often date from one to three years before getting engaged.
Couples often dream of ex-lovers and other romantic liaisons upon becoming engaged.
Couples often end up paying lower taxes when one spouse earns significantly more than the other.
Couples often fail to make the time for themselves that's needed.
Couples often find the first year of marriage to be the most difficult.
Couples often find they want experienced professional help.
Couples often go into marriage with idealistic notions of what marriage is all about.
Couples often go to dinner parties, barbecues, or the beach.
Couples often have a hard time making the transition into parenthood.
Couples often have a unique set of problems requiring individualized consideration and treatment.
Couples often have problems because their levels of sexual interest are different.
Couples often have to be prepared to pay to have their treatment at a private hospital.
Couples often make wills in substantially similar terms.
Couples often notice changes in their feelings about the breasts.
Couples often opt for an open house rather than a regular reception to cut costs.
Couples often sell their home after dissolving the marriage.
Couples often share basic routines around meals, leisure time and household chores.
Couples often stay in co-ed shelters where they sleep separately.
Couples often stop touching each other rather than confront failure.
Couples often take conception for granted.
Couples often use an old nest that have been occupied for decades rather than buiding a new one.
Couples sometimes ask if the marriage can be performed outdoors.
Couples sometimes forget how to be couples when they are wrapped up in being parents.
Couples usually ask for images that express the love they share.
Couples usually do best combining their income and deductions on a joint return.
Couples usually have to fight the battle alone.
Couples usually have two nests.
Couples usually live in their own homes, separate from their parents.
Couples usually take longer to place.
All couples are to participate in a marriage preparation program.
All couples can benefit from solving problems together.
All couples can benefit from the conference material.
All couples can make a contracting out agreement before or at any time during the relationship.
All couples disagree, all the time.
All couples disagree, and sometimes disagreements turn into arguments.
All couples face down the hall, away from the music.
All couples fight.
All couples find the wait until the meeting so terribly difficult.
All couples finish ready for a promenade.
All couples go from romantic love to a less infatuated stage.
All couples go through bad patches but sometimes a bad patch can turn into a crisis.
All couples go through hard times.
All couples have disagreements.
All couples have hopes, dreams, assumptions and expectations that are unspoken to each other.
All couples have problems at times.
All couples have the potential to succeed in making a wonderful marriage.
All couples have the right to have their commitment honored and respected by society.
All couples have times when they go their separate ways.
All couples have to adjust their lives and learn to communicate.
All couples know that each individual needs their own space.
All couples like to have company.
All couples move in a counterclockwise direction.
All couples share their viruses sooner or later.
All couples start facing the front of the dance floor.
All couples welcome.
Any couple can learn to have great sex.
Any couple can swing.
Any couple embarking on an infertility work-up does so with some fear and reluctance.
Any couple needs to make a commitment to working on their marriage.
Any couple remark confidently, after any lady behind no importance fill.
Every couple usually finds their solution, but experience is a hard and impervious teacher.
Every couple can benefit from setting special times aside.
Every couple does it.
Every couple experiences their share of conflict.
Every couple faces some risk of having a child with a birth defect.
Every couple gets personal attention.
Every couple has arguments periodically.
Every couple has at least one escapade in a shower.
Every couple has certain limits.
Every couple has differences.
Every couple has different needs.
Every couple has different rules.
Every couple has difficult issues from time to time.
Every couple has issues they deal with on a day to day basis.
Every couple has plenty of questions about how to successfully weave two lives into one.
Every couple has the right to raise a child.
Every couple has their own convictions.
Every couple has their own set of signals, or at least they think they do.
Every couple has their own style and frequency.
Every couple is different.
Every couple is given a pair of plastic hand-cuffs.
Every couple is screened for all five categories of immune problems.
Every couple is unique.
Every couple marches as a unit down the sides of the gymnasium.
Every couple marrying today is at risk.
Every couple means the speil came on and prompted people to scream together.
Every couple needs steak knives.
Every couple needs time when they can be completely alone together.
Every couple needs to escape now and then.
Every couple needs to get away together.
Every couple needs to have their special time together.
Every couple now has a convenient way to get help in planning their ceremony and reception.
Every couple participates by bringing part of the pre-arranged menu.
Every couple presents a unique situational problem or relational dilemma.
Every couple seconds one dies.
Every couple seconds one status message overwrote the other.
Every couple shares a short testimony.
Every couple strives to regain the once felt emotion of being whole in each other s company.
Every couple wants to have a healthy baby.
Many couple break down when the other go aboard.
Many couple can remember that awkward day.
Many couples agree that communication is essential to a strong marriage.
Many couples also appreciate the time they can spend together in a sauna.
Many couples also buy a home for the first time when they get married.
Many couples also contribute to the cost of the big day.
Many couples also follow more than one script.
Many couples also have a church wedding.
Many couples also release white doves to symbolize their love and happiness.
Many couples are afraid to fight.
Many couples are in graduate school.
Many couples are in the midst of planning for their special day - and running up a lot of expenses.
Many couples are increasingly concerned about providing a good education.
Many couples are nostalgic about their romantic moments on campus.
Many couples are of mixed ethnicity.
Many couples are temporarily infertile.
Many couples argue that it's financially impossible to have one spouse at home full time.
Many couples ask both sets of parents to split the cost.
Many couples ask for ways to get a boy or get a girl before they try to get pregnant.
Many couples ask themselves the same question.
Many couples assume that they simply pick a date and everything falls into place miraculously.
Many couples avoid sex after one partner suffers a heart attack, for fear of causing another.
Many couples begin to travel or begin new hobbies.
Many couples can live with that.
Many couples choose a church for their wedding primarily on the basis of architecture.
Many couples choose a natural method because of religious or personal beliefs.
Many couples choose the protected upstairs porch with arched opening.
Many couples choose to arrive by river ferry or horse-drawn carriage for their ceremony.
Many couples choose to celebrate their weddings in their parents' native villages.
Many couples choose to hang it in an important place, like in the living room or above their bed.
Many couples choose to have midwives assist during the birth.
Many couples choose to have their wedding pictures taken at the beach or a historical site.
Many couples choose to live together today without the benefit of marriage.
Many couples choose to play soothing, unobtrusive selections that set a peaceful tone.
Many couples choose to remain unmarried seeing marriage as artificial.
Many couples choose to rewrite the ceremony so it reflects their own beliefs.
Many couples choose to say their wedding vows in the old church.
Many couples choose to stay on at their wedding location for a memorable honeymoon.
Many couples choose to take their photographs before the ceremony.
Many couples choose to use just the first names ie.
Many couples come here to get married and return for honeymoons.
Many couples come in order to relax and share quality time riding together.
Many couples come into counseling because they have trouble communicating.
Many couples complain about the interruption of intimacy it brings to lovemaking.
Many couples contemplating or planning marriage use the service.
Many couples decide to display the American flag during the ceremony, in addition to flowers.
Many couples delay childbearing until their marriages are stable.
Many couples desire to have special vocalist sing or musicians play during the wedding ceremonies.
Many couples disagree on the frequency issue.
Many couples drag their time in planning and end up doing very common things.
Many couples dream of having children and look forward to starting their own families.
Many couples dream of moving to the country and starting a business, but few do.
Many couples elope to other countries.
Many couples endure sexual problems for years, and it shapes their lives and their relationship.
Many couples enjoy insertion and then a simple rocking back and forth.
Many couples enjoy planning their wedding around special traditions that have been used for ages.
Many couples enjoy providing their wedding guests with a momento.
Many couples enjoy registering for both.
Many couples enjoy socializing by the pool and soaking up the sun.
Many couples enter, a few with a baby seat in the back of their car.
Many couples experience a feeling of calm combined with a sense of freedom from financial worry.
Many couples experience a happy, peaceful making-up period after an episode of violence.
Many couples experience the benefits of role swapping within marriage.
Many couples experiment with different sexual techniques.
Many couples face difficult times adjusting to developmental stages in their relationship.
Many couples fail to resolve in advance how and where they want to live after retirement.
Many couples fall in love And promise 'twill be forever.
Many couples feel euphoric early in the treatment process when medication begins to have an effect.
Many couples feel that the woman on top position is the greatest way to make love.
Many couples feel the grief of losing a child.
Many couples fight over finances and lack of love.
Many couples file for divorce while mired in the disillusion stage.
Many couples find a division of labor arises naturally.
Many couples find greater sexual freedom once the risk of unwanted pregnancy has been removed.
Many couples find it helpful to discuss their problems with a trained therapist.
Many couples find sex and sexual feelings and sexual longings very hard to share with one another.
Many couples find that the size of their wedding made having fun at the reception difficult.
Many couples find that their queen size mattress is simply too confining.
Many couples find the Victorian charm of a horse-drawn carriage appealing.
Many couples find their biggest money troubles come from having conflicting goals.
Many couples find their sex life matures as they do and become more meaningful and satisfying.
Many couples find themselves frustrated and stuck, repeating the same arguments without resolution.
Many couples find themselves separated by distance at the critical time of the woman's ovulation.
Many couples find themselves stuck in a rut.
Many couples find viewing erotic material together to be a stimulating exercise.
Many couples find ways to face and overcome the stresses breast cancer places on their relationship.
Many couples function as dual career families.
Many couples get so discouraged when they see the bottom line in their budget that they give up.
Many couples get their priorities out of order without even realizing it.
Many couples go into labor with a birth plan.
Many couples go into marriage with very little preparation.
Many couples grapple with emotional pain and frustration when treatments don t work.
Many couples happily choose to remain childless.
Many couples have a desire to share their volunteer time.
Many couples have a regular date night.
Many couples have a specific date they want to be married.
Many couples have conflicts over how often to have sex .
Many couples have dreams of large families from the start.
Many couples have joint accounts to make paying bills and arranging household finances easier.
Many couples have limited financial resources to allocate toward building their family.
Many couples have major disagreements on what's wasteful spending.
Many couples have money.
Many couples have more than one cause of infertility.
Many couples have only one checking account.
Many couples have photographs of themselves printed on the invitation.
Many couples have romantic, clever, or interesting stories of how they became engaged.
Many couples have so many time constraints that they find it hard to find a time to pray.
Many couples have their band or DJ inform the guests.
Many couples have their wedding ceremony right at the lodge.
Many couples have trouble conceiving another child.
Many couples incorrectly use periodic abstinence or have limited access to family planning methods.
Many couples intuitively trust in each other from the moment they meet.
Many couples know nothing about buying jewelry.
Many couples like to exchange sexy things like underwear.
Many couples like to have a relative or friend donate eggs.
Many couples like to have the traditional cake cutting at their wedding.
Many couples live in eight or twelve story apartment buildings with one bedroom apartments.
Many couples live together before they are married.
Many couples look beyond religion when deciding to cohabitate.
Many couples maintain a conspiracy of silence surrounding the problem of impotence.
Many couples make do with limited relationships.
Many couples make love right up until the time of delivery.
Many couples marry because they are in love.
Many couples marry before the huge fireplace and later retreat to the Inn's honeymoon suite.
Many couples marry in church to please their families or make a good impression.
Many couples meet for the first time at the Aragon later to be married.
Many couples never learn to communicate effectively.
Many couples now have head tables that consist of both the wedding party and their guests.
Many couples now place disposable cameras on the tables of their guests at the reception.
Many couples now seek a journalistic style, documenting the day as it happens.
Many couples only talk about sex right before, during, or just after they have it.
Many couples opt now for a sit-down dinner which can be a very expensive choice.
Many couples opt to hold their wedding ceremony at the edge of the river or in front a roaring fire.
Many couples pay more.
Many couples place disposable cameras on tables at the reception and ask guests to take pictures.
Many couples plan annual sojourns to celebrate their first night at the show.
Many couples pool their financial resources.
Many couples prefer a main-floor master suite that can accommodate a home office or computer center.
Many couples prefer the more personal wording on a printed invitation.
Many couples prefer to attend the same weekend.
Many couples prefer to bring their music into the labor and delivery room.
Many couples prefer to enjoy each other's orgasms.
Many couples proceed to treatment with an ovulation-enhancing drug.
Many couples question whether it is wise or permissible to have sexual intercourse during pregnancy.
Many couples read, play games or watch a movie to distract themselves.
Many couples reaffirm their marriage vows from time to time.
Many couples register kitchen needs at local stores.
Many couples remain together despite long term infidelity.
Many couples report that it has been years since they have been on vacation by themselves.
Many couples report that living out fantasies is very sexually exciting.
Many couples report that the addiction lies in the hopefulness at the beginning of each new cycle.
Many couples run a farm, or a shop, or other small business together.
Many couples run out of time and money without successfully having children.
Many couples say that they have nothing new to talk about.
Many couples say that watching their partner masturbate is highly erotic.
Many couples search for clues to revive a dying or stagnant relationship.
Many couples seek help from a specialist.
Many couples seek therapy simply to revive a dull sex life.
Many couples select their own format, be it in church, a garden setting or elsewhere.
Many couples serve on ministry teams to reach and minister to our children.
Many couples shake up the cocktail hour by indulging their wildest music fantasies.
Many couples share responsibility and time entirely, which is in most cases even more desirable.
Many couples simply stay together.
Many couples spend more time planning their wedding than preparing for their marriage.
Many couples spend the course of their infertility looking at the past.
Many couples still consider their wedding day the happiest day of their lives.
Many couples stress the special intimacy that fellatio and cunnilingus bring to their relationship.
Many couples struggle with the conflict between earning and spending.
Many couples substitute non-coital activities for intercourse.
Many couples suffer incredible stress, but are offered no support.
Many couples switch off during the night feedings.
Many couples take intensive courses together.
Many couples take parenting classes together.
Many couples take the course a year or more before their wedding.
Many couples therefore pledge at both workplaces, or alternate each year.
Many couples turn to adoption abroad because of the lack of babies available for adoption in Israel.
Many couples underestimate the impact of sexual abuse.
Many couples use a relative of the husband or wife as the personal representative of their Wills.
Many couples use one during anal sex regardless of how much they know each other.
Many couples view marriage as a serious religious or spiritual commitment.
Many couples wait until well after the recommended time to resume sex.
Many couples wish nothing more than a short ceremony lasting only a couple of minutes.
Many couples wonder if a particular sexual position is best for baby-making .
Most couples adopt only after years of painful and expensive battles against infertility.
Most couples appreciate gifts that continue arriving at their homes for an entire year.
Most couples are accustomed to planning their lives.
Most couples are at little risk for transmit-ting a genetic problem.
Most couples are busier than ever with careers, family and other commitments.
Most couples are from outwith the Isle of Mull and many from foreign parts.
Most couples are lucky if just one of the embryos survives.
Most couples are proud of their progress.
Most couples are too damn busy and poor to be having children.
Most couples are very glad just to know what to expect.
Most couples arrive the day before egg retrieval and stay until the day after pre-embryo transfer.
Most couples begin with the woman sitting in a chair or on the bed.
Most couples can continue having intercourse throughout pregnancy.
Most couples can expect to adopt within one year.
Most couples can go either way.
Most couples can handle the demands of a busy work life, a relationship, and a little housework.
Most couples choose the local newspaper to announce their engagement to the general public.
Most couples choose to have a wedding photographer.
Most couples complete private classes in two hours.
Most couples decide together how to reduce the risk.
Most couples decline to be interviewed about swinging.
Most couples disagree.
Most couples do.
Most couples eagerly watch for changes in behavior to signal that trust is growing again.
Most couples engage in intimate activity on a regular basis.
Most couples enjoy receiving a large screen TV, or a great sounding stereo system.
Most couples enjoy spending time together.
Most couples expect to get pregnant within about six months of trying.
Most couples expect to have their own babies .
Most couples experience the struggle In much the same way.
Most couples experiencing the loss of pregnancy go on to get pregnant again.
Most couples face common challenges in marriage.
Most couples file their return jointly, combining incomes and sharing deductions.
Most couples find that they appreciate each other more if they've had some time alone.
Most couples find the premarital counseling period to be enjoyable and valuable.
Most couples find their sexual relationship changes during a pregnancy.
Most couples find they are off schedule much of the time.
Most couples find ways to face and overcome the stress cancer places on their relationship.
Most couples follow a script that was written by the role models they grew up with.
Most couples go for a combination of styles and film.
Most couples go to dinner before the dance.
Most couples have a fairly set routine for lovemaking.
Most couples have arguments during their relationship.
Most couples have children.
Most couples have disagreements at some point but they can fix things up.
Most couples have kids.
Most couples have many questions regarding egg donation and surrogacy.
Most couples have no concept of what goes on in their spouse's work environment.
Most couples have offspring.
Most couples have questions related to their physical intimacy.
Most couples have sex.
Most couples have some conflict.
Most couples have to negotiate when it comes to parenting styles.
Most couples have young children.
Most couples just go ahead and get pregnant and have a healthy baby no matter what.
Most couples learn very quickly to observe, record and interpret the signs of fertility.
Most couples lose it within a few years of marriage, especially after children arrive.
Most couples make time to celebrate their marriage anniversary.
Most couples marry only after they are economically self-sufficient.
Most couples meet here on a tourist visa and then get married and apply for residency.
Most couples now prefer civil marriages.
Most couples opt to take photos at the ceremony location plus another, usually outdoors.
Most couples prefer a non-denominational service with a Hawaiian flair.
Most couples prefer both styles of photography in their wedding albums.
Most couples prefer long sessions of love-making, each doing their best to please the other.
Most couples prefer to face forward in any case.
Most couples prefer to keep ownership of important assets shared.
Most couples purchase the most important part of the wedding set first, the engagement ring.
Most couples remember that blissful day when their first child came into their lives.
Most couples rent a tent.
Most couples select the reception site based upon the number of guests, parking, food, etc.
Most couples share the cost of their mediation.
Most couples spend many hours each day immersed in very different activities.
Most couples spend more time planning a vacation than they do planning for their relationship.
Most couples spend more time planning their weddings than preparing for their marriages.
Most couples start to slow down a bit when they have been married for years.
Most couples state that their ideal family size is no more than two to three children.
Most couples struggle over issues of commitment, but few bother to consider the crucial questions.
Most couples take a side of the bed and defend it.
Most couples take formalwear rules as general guidelines.
Most couples take the standard deduction.
Most couples tend to stay together, but there's no rule for it.
Most couples underestimate the impact on their marriage and family when a spouse goes into business.
Most couples view their surrogate as a commodity to be discarded as soon as they have their baby.
Most couples visit hotels in close proximity to the hospital in preparation for the birth.
Some couples always seem to fall into a pattern of discord just before the truck starts idling.
Some couple request the parents of each family to light the candle to show Unity.
Some couples actually incorporate sex play into their condom preparations.
Some couples adapt many of the customs from other lands to their weddings.
Some couples add ambiance with candles and sparking nectars.
Some couples admit that they forget how it felt to walk down the aisle.
Some couples also alter the birth certificates to include their names as parents.
Some couples also see little value in a public declaration of marital intent.
Some couples are able to put their relationship back on track after learning about an affair.
Some couples are able to skip certain stages depending on the level of their intensity.
Some couples are afraid of praying together, especially praying out loud.
Some couples are content with simply managing their conflicts instead of working tow resolution.
Some couples are glad to know the information, so they can act accordingly.
Some couples are here because their marriages are dangling from a ledge.
Some couples are infertile because the woman is unable to produce eggs.
Some couples are more naturally compatible in the bedroom than others.
Some couples are unable to have babies.
Some couples are worried about staying together.
Some couples argue over whether to go to Barbados of Europe for their vacation.
Some couples ask for ultrasound to determine whether they are carrying a boy or girl.
Some couples ask that donations be made in lieu of wedding gifts.
Some couples balance initiating nicely.
Some couples balk at the idea of scheduling intimacy.
Some couples become touch avoidant when they have experienced the cycle of pain.
Some couples buy the kits and then drive together where they are going.
Some couples can learn to show affection in different ways.
Some couples can recover from an incident of cheating without help.
Some couples can resolve a conflicted marriage.
Some couples can save by eliminating duplicate coverage.
Some couples can save money by filing income taxes jointly.
Some couples can successfully conceive through a few changes in lifestyle and careful planning.
Some couples can successfully stay friends, while others can harbor resentment.
Some couples capture memories in outdoor locations.
Some couples choose a song thanking their parents for all they have done for the couple.
Some couples choose an egalitarian version, in which both spouses promise to support each other.
Some couples choose fresh flowers to top the cake or a bride and groom figurine.
Some couples choose to combine their fertility awareness with a barrier method such as a condom.
Some couples choose to have a Buddhist blessing in a temple after their civil ceremony.
Some couples choose to have pre-embryos cryopreserved and transferred later.
Some couples choose to use condoms or a diaphragm during the fertile time.
Some couples choose wait until delivery day, but for many the suspense is too much.
Some couples come in after one spouse has threatened divorce.
Some couples consume an entire pound box of spaghetti in a single meal.
Some couples deal with excessive debt in a way that hinders healing.
Some couples decide never to have children, something unheard of years ago.
Some couples decide that adoption is their best alternative.
Some couples decide to cut the cake before the speeches so that the caterer has a bit more time.
Some couples decide to get married in a favorite sentimental spot.
Some couples decide to have a single, full-on ceremony in one tradition.
Some couples decide to have another child.
Some couples decide to remain childless or to pursue adoption instead.
Some couples decline to take the benefits because of the hassle involved in proving their status.
Some couples discuss the possibility for weeks or even months before the birth of their first child.
Some couples divorce to keep their incomes low.
Some couples divorce to keep their salaries low.
Some couples do both.
Some couples do get a membership each and use the additional discounts for kids or friends.
Some couples do manage to pull it off, but they are a small exception to the rule.
Some couples do nothing between session.
Some couples draw closer, while others divorce.
Some couples eat dinner and catch a movie.
Some couples elect to have a diamond-like substitute, such as a cubic zirconia.
Some couples end up getting divorced.
Some couples enjoy laying out their own album.
Some couples enjoy the smell of scented candles.
Some couples even find that their new roles inhibit their relationship as lovers.
Some couples even find they are losing money because of daycare costs, taxes, commuting, etc.
Some couples even purchase smaller, personalized versions of their broom as keepsakes for guests.
Some couples even shoulder the entire wedding expense themselves.
Some couples even watch erotic videos together to arouse each other before they engage in sex.
Some couples experience mutual abuse.
Some couples feel that condoms interfere with sexual spontaneity or decrease sensation.
Some couples feel uncomfortable revealing their sexuality in public.
Some couples fight a lot but generally are happy with their marriage.
Some couples find contracts too formal and controlling.
Some couples find it helpful to place the flaccid penis inside the vagina as a means of stimulation.
Some couples find it too expensive, however, to go for repeat sonography for follicular study.
Some couples find that a healthy relationship can comfortably accommodate the addition of sex toys.
Some couples find that the early morning is the best time to make love, after a good night s sleep.
Some couples find that the early morning is the best time to make love, after a good night's sleep.
Some couples find that they avoid topics which emphasize their differentness from one another.
Some couples find they prefer one method over another.
Some couples find withdrawal or long periods of postpartum abstinence difficult.
Some couples go into business together to cut down on time apart.
Some couples have a date every week.
Some couples have daughters.
Some couples have different styles and expectations for prayer and devotions.
Some couples have fun sharing their stories of attraction and desire.
Some couples have next boxes but most are in a natural environment.
Some couples have no obvious explanation for their infertility.
Some couples have objections to other methods on religious or moral grounds.
Some couples have one spouse that is one type and the other spouse is another type.
Some couples have something very special and unique designed just for that.
Some couples have sons.
Some couples have trouble.
Some couples have twin daughters.
Some couples hire a jewelry designer to create an original design.
Some couples hold fundraising parties to help pay for the wedding.
Some couples just seem to have a certain chemistry together.
Some couples keep going out out of inertia.
Some couples keep separate religions and go abroad for a civil ceremony.
Some couples learn on their own.
Some couples like to add to the outdoor effect by having sand put on the floor.
Some couples like to book an existing luau for their wedding party.
Some couples like to go together and choose the flowers.
Some couples like to have one group play all the music for the ceremony.
Some couples like to start right in with penile stimulation.
Some couples like to use toys or play a game as foreplay.
Some couples love action and nightlife, others yearn for privacy and relaxation.
Some couples make a point of developing individual private lives that include other people.
Some couples make agreements to consult one another for purchases over a certain dollar amount.
Some couples manage to sidestep potential bridal party problems altogether.
Some couples marry in a grand chapel bedecked with ribbons and flowers.
Some couples meet and find romance through the bdsm community.
Some couples never arrive at intimacy, and others get there and then lose it.
Some couples never have sex because of vaginismus.
Some couples now take the chance to have some wedding pictures taken.
Some couples object to the condom because it interrupts lovemaking.
Some couples opt for a DJ for reasons of personal taste and lower cost.
Some couples opt for a quiet meal either on their own or with family.
Some couples opt to incorporate the wedding colors into the gift wrap, tissues and bows.
Some couples opt to jump over a broom, balefire, sword or cord.
Some couples pay more when married than as two separate individuals.
Some couples prefer a contemporary, shorter version with just themselves and both sets of parents.
Some couples prefer a traditional ceremony, others, a custom one.
Some couples prefer to announce their baby's name after the infant is born.
Some couples prefer to have silk arrangements.
Some couples prefer to make two separate trips.
Some couples prefer to observe more than one indicator of the woman's fertility.
Some couples proceed more tentatively, however.
Some couples produce many children of the same gender while trying to produce one of the other.
Some couples put all of their income in one account.
Some couples put every penny of their financial lives into a joint account.
Some couples question the wisdom and prudence of their heartfelt decision to marry.
Some couples receive a certificate indicating their status.
Some couples receive housing or other benefits if they have children.
Some couples release butterflies.
Some couples report diabetes as a third member and an intruder.
Some couples request a table for two so they can concentrate on each other.
Some couples request some photo-journalistic coverge.
Some couples return to it over the years during periods of special joy.
Some couples say that they have no time to talk with each other.
Some couples say they have no choice but to live together.
Some couples see the pitfalls of cohabitation and are living chastely before marriage.
Some couples see their partner s flaws but have deep commitment to remaining in the relationship.
Some couples seek a donor who is beautiful, or tall.
Some couples seek help when a specific event occurs that creates a crisis in their relationship.
Some couples share the news over a meal at a favorite restaurant.
Some couples share the same nest year after year.
Some couples spend months planning for the big day, while others make the decision in a snap.
Some couples stay happily married.
Some couples succeed.
Some couples switch methods because they change their family planning goals.
Some couples take a proportional approach to handling joint finances.
Some couples take an evening walk together while the baby sleeps in a stroller or front pack.
Some couples take months, even years, to plan their marriage ceremony.
Some couples take photographs in the morning, well before the actual ceremony and reception.
Some couples think it is a real betrayal and others feel it was a stupid event.
Some couples thrive on being in each other's company.
Some couples tie the umbilical cord with a cotton cord instead using of a plastic clamp.
Some couples try fertility drugs and assisted conception procedures such as in vitro fertilisation .
Some couples try to make it work.
Some couples use additional lubrication for sexual relations.
Some couples use current events to keep straight the important dates of their lives.
Some couples view pornography together as a prelude to other things.
Some couples work out support payments for the animal's care.
Some couples work together on the business full-time.
Coupled lines have multiple propagation modes.
Coupled particles can also act effectively as bosons.
Coupled reactions allow a thermodynamically unfavored reaction to proceed.
Coupled techniques simulate the feedback between multiprocessor components.
Coupled transport is natural for charged-particle problems.
A coupler is a mechanical device
Coupler is protected with premium grade, rust preventative coatings inside and out.
Coupler means a device for locking together the tubes of a tube and coupler scaffold.
Couplers are available for vacuum or air service requirements.
Couplers are parts.
Couplers are vital components used to split and join light signals in optical fibre networks.
Couplers usually take the form of tablets located in a row, just above the upper manual.
Most couplers weaken signals.
Couples counseling can be effective only when both individuals view their partners as equals.
Couples counseling can be helpful when two people feel caught in troubling interpersonal patterns.
Couples counseling can facilitate openly communicate about religious beliefs and spiritual meanings.
Couples counseling can often be helpful in re-energizing the relationship.
Couples counseling is also available for dating concerns and premarital planning.
Couples counseling is available for same-sex or opposite sex couples.
Couples counseling is available providing one member of the couple is enrolled.
Couples counseling is available to partners who want to improve an intimate relationship.
Couples counseling is generally action oriented.
Couples counseling is practical and oriented toward mutual understanding and better communications.
Couples counseling provides a safe atmosphere for couples to examine and improve their relationship.
Couples dance unfolds the mysteries of touch, of subtlety, and balance.
Couples dancing includes 'pairs' and ice dancing.
Couples retreats can bring healing and renewal.
Couples therapy allows two people to seek treatment together.
Couples therapy can also help.
Couples therapy can be most helpful in finding ways to work things out.
Couples therapy involves resolution of conflict in an intimate relationship.
Couples therapy involves the two people in a committed relationship.
Couples therapy is able to directly address the bonding process between partners.
Couples therapy is the umbrella term applied to interventions that aid couples in distress.
Most couples therapy teaches partners to solve problems and resolve conflicts.
A couplet is a stanza
Couplets are fun and easy to write.
Couplets are poems with two rhyming lines.
Couplets are stanzas.
Couplets are two-line poems that rhyme.
Couplets are two-lined poems with a fun and simple rhyming pattern.
Couplets end the pattern of a Shakespearean sonnet.
Couplets increase precipitation.
Couplets Write five terse verse couplets.
Coupling allows the seastate to respond to atmospheric stability, and vice versa.
Coupling can also occur with inheritance and a number of signature forming operations.
Coupling can increase correlated activity.
Coupling does more than just improve ride comfort.
Couplings are available in aluminum, brass, monel, steel, stainless steel, nylon and teflon.
Couplings are available in both close-coupled and spacer versions, in most cases.
Couplings are joins.
Couplings are mechanical devices.
Couplings are now tacked, alignment is checked and then couplings are silver brazed.
Couplings are sexual activities.
Couplings can have different resistances in the flow of energy from one component to another.
Couplings connect two pieces of conduit together.
Couplings exist in at least two levels of quality.
Couplings have a male and a female end and are run out in the direction of water flow.
Couplings Let's start with the trailer coupling itself.
Couplings protect turbines by limiting surges in torque.
Most coupling comes from the power transistor to heat sink path.
Some coupling is necessary to provide acoustic contact with the material surface.
A coupon bond is a bond
Coupon bonds are bearer bonds that can be transferred from one investor to another by delivery.
Coupon bonds are the most widely recognized fixed income securities.
Coupon books are available every quarter.
Coupon books are valid for one year from the issue date.
Coupon books are valid for two years at either pool.
Coupon books are valid one year from the purchase date.
Coupon books contain four coupons.
Coupon codes are available to advertisers free of charge.
Coupon codes are the most common methods for applying savings to an online purchase.
Coupon parking applies in zones around the central city in areas of high parking demand.
Coupon rate is the interest rate, given as a percentage of par value.
A coupon is a sample
Coupon excludes instant bonus items, hot deal items, and gift certificates.
Coupon is non-transferable.
Coupon is only good for first time customers, though.
Coupon is only good on the site.
Coupon is only valid for the dates and conditions specified.
Coupon is only valid with in-store purchases.
Coupon is valid for the period shown.
Coupon offers change every two weeks, so most participants make their selections that frequently.
Coupon offers combinable with discount.
Coupon offers expire on dates outlined in promotion coupon is listed in.
Coupon offers good on everything but tires.
Coupons add up to more than just virtual savings.
Coupons allow about that twelve so refuse New hampshire hike.
Coupons appear in the border and font pictured below.
Coupons apply to all items on our website.
Coupons are a click away for discounts on an oil change and radiator flush and fill.
Coupons are a good idea.
Coupons are a good way to track the effectiveness of any promotion.
Coupons are a great way to get attention and repeat business.
Coupons are a great way to promote special offerings on products and services.
Coupons are a powerful marketing tool.
Coupons are a selling tool often used to promote overpriced convenience goods.
Coupons are a sort of currency.
Coupons are also available for various businesses in the park.
Coupons are also often available, for dry and canned foods.
Coupons are another future purchase discount offer.
Coupons are another great way to save on groceries.
Coupons are approximately the size of a business card.
Coupons are available at participating retailers.
Coupons are available for savings on weekly rentals and upgrades.
Coupons are available in Happenings books and discounts are accessible by large groups.
Coupons are available in magazines, newspapers and mailed ads.
Coupons are available in the library.
Coupons are available in the temple office.
Coupons are available on the web site.
Coupons are available.
Coupons are certificates that give buyers certain savings on their purchases.
Coupons are coupons.
Coupons are currency of sorts.
Coupons are enable by clicking on the special links present in our coupon section.
Coupons are for use by individuals, institutional buyers and booksellers.
Coupons are FREE to consumers.
Coupons are fully transferable.
Coupons are generally payable semiannually.
Coupons are good at participating vets only.
Coupons are good for one year.
Coupons are good for six months.
Coupons are good for year purchased only.
Coupons are good in any campus lot.
Coupons are great to get people to buy now due to the savings.
Coupons are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Coupons are in the currency of the issuer and the put is at par in the currency of the investor.
Coupons are legal tenders.
Coupons are like found money.
Coupons are limited to one per customer.
Coupons are limited to one per order.
Coupons are located in markets.
Coupons are located in newspapers.
Coupons are most welcome too.
Coupons are non transferable.
Coupons are non transferrable.
Coupons are non-transferable.
Coupons are nontransferable.
Coupons are non-transferrable.
Coupons are now redeemable for training without any date restriction.
Coupons are on of the easiest and most profitable resources that consumers can take advantage of.
Coupons are on our site.
Coupons are only one way to control household costs.
Coupons are part of newspapers.
Coupons are real.
Coupons are redeemable at participating hardware stores in Minnesota.
Coupons are redeemable only at the bookstore.
Coupons are samples.
Coupons are the interest paid on that particular bond.
Coupons are the most effective advertising tool for creating traffic and sales.
Coupons are the most elementary method of advertising, giving to get.
Coupons are transferable to anyone eligible through the purchaser.
Coupons are universal and can also be used for carnival rides.
Coupons are updated weekly.
Coupons are usually good for seven days - unless otherwise noted.
Coupons are usually valid for one year after the date of purchase.
Coupons are valid for one year from time of purchase.
Coupons are valid for one year.
Coupons are valid for up to one year from the date of the first class taken.
Coupons are valid in the USA only.
Coupons are valid on in-stock merchandise only.
Coupons are valid one year from the date of issue and are non-transferable.
Coupons are valid up to the expiration date.
Coupons are valid with purchase of one entree of equal or greater value.
Coupons are very versatile.
Coupons attract customers and increase the sale.
Coupons attract high-risk untreated heroin abusers into detoxification.
Coupons can be a real prompt to buy.
Coupons can be especially useful when it comes to eating out.
Coupons can be good for free hugs, reading time, chores, or a game of choice.
Coupons can help teach children money management, as well as subtraction and percentages.
Coupons can save money on routine purchases and add extra savings on double and triple coupon days.
Coupons change weekly, so be sure to check back often for savings.
Coupons change weekly.
Coupons Check out our latest discounts on everything automotive.
Coupons Click on a vendor below to print out valuable coupons.
Coupons come attached to the envelopes for savings on various national brands.
Coupons come in a variety of flavors.
Coupons come in different formats.
Coupons contain the formal contract of carriage.
Coupons do expire after two years.
Coupons do save money.
Coupons Get coupons for cat litter, rabbit litter and ferret litter.
Coupons Get coupons to area retailers.
Coupons get within lots yves st laurent.
Coupons greet in an air but recover walking stick.
Coupons have no cash value.
Coupons have no expiration date and are non-refundable.
Coupons help quantify success of the business' online promotional programs.
Coupons here are good for oil changes, shock and strut work, maintenance inspection and more.
Coupons Here is a listing of restaurants that offer money saving coupons.
Coupons inspire prospects into action with the lure of something free.
Coupons is a leading online coupon source for consumers.
Coupons is the ability to receive coupons of their choice delivered directly to their email address.
Coupons is the largest on-line coupon web site.
Coupons make it easier for customer to make that first purchase.
Coupons mention Evening thru few promise before that meal.
Coupons multiply returns.
Coupons offer a discount, a freebie, or additional products for the same price.
Coupons Offer coupons via print or web.
Coupons offering savings on child care are available.
Coupons offers coupons according to the ZIP codes shoppers enter.
Coupons offers savings on a variety of merchandise as well as groceries.
Coupons only make good financial sense.
Coupons provide trackable results.
Coupons range from groceries to pet food to shoes.
Coupons reach every business and household.
Coupons really are worth the effort.
Coupons rebates discounts free to consumers and printed at home also for groceries.
Coupons Redeem an online coupon.
Coupons redeemable only at the locations shown on the coupon.
Coupons require additional space.
Coupons require careful research to be effective, say operators and marketing consultants.
Coupons run for two weeks per insertion.
Coupons Save money with free coupons.
Coupons save theatergoers at least one dollar per show on each admission.
Coupons seem to be everywhere and the list is growing.
Coupons seem to work pretty well.
Coupons show serial number, value, and date interest due.
Coupons switch underneath a farmer both shut cheese and beef enchiladas.
Coupons syarcuse collectibles.
Coupons Welcome to Coupons .
Coupons usually offer a number of portrait sheets made from any pose chosen by the customer.
All coupon offers are subject to errors and omissions.
All coupons also appear in the other sections as usual.
All coupons are free to the consumer.
All coupons are good for ONE time use only.
All coupons are subject to change without notice from the establishment.
All coupons are subject to the limitations listed on each coupon.
All coupons are the same layout and design.
All coupons are valid until the posted date shown.
All coupons Bragging about our grandchildren is one of the great joys of being a grandparent.
All coupons carry an expiration date.
All coupons Fill out surveys and earn or win cash and prizes.
All coupons Get free Internet access and many other free Internet related services.
All coupons Stay updated on health happenings from around the world.
All coupons Using wind energy is one of the oldest methods of using natural sources for our homes.
Any coupon linked here is property of the respective company.
Many coupons are for name-brand snack foods with little nutritional value.
Many coupons are printable on-line.
Most coupons clearly state that such a practice is fraud.
Some coupons apply to other family members too.
Some coupons are for online retailers, some for stores.
Some coupons are valid only in certain stores.
Some coupons contain specific restrictions.
Courage accompanies purpose.
Courage allows hope.
Courage allows the leader to confront the changed reality outside.
Courage also means taking the side of truth in all matters, rather than seeking the expedient lie.
Courage analyses all known factors then decides upon a course of action based on that analysis.
Courage arises in the presence of danger.
Courage assumes there is a battle to be waged and won.
Courage Be strong and of good courage.
Courage becomes especially important by the time children become teenagers.
Courage begets a forward thinking boss.
Courage begets courage and reconsideration of life-long perceptions begets introspection.
Courage brings self-confidence, an essential feature of doing difficult things.
Courage buys Million over knife toward none garlands consequently hate across a possibility.
Courage calls for perseverance and sacrifice.
Courage can be both fragile and strong.
Courage can be costly, but it can be glorious.
Courage can be many things.
Courage can be quiet resolve, silent determination, and resilience of spirit.
Courage can falter.
Courage can give anyone the insight to try what seems to be imposssible.
Courage challenges every element.
Courage changes things for the better . . . .
Courage combined with wisdom can greatly contribute to progressive endeavors and new ventures.
Courage comes from a reserve of mind more powerful than outside circumstances.
Courage comes from dealing with the unknown, the wild.
Courage comes from the discipline and determination in order to acquire positive action.
Courage comes from the knowledge gained.
Courage comes from within.
Courage comes in a variety of packages.
Courage comes in all sizes and designs.
Courage comes in many forms.
Courage comes through conviction, and conviction comes through study.
Courage comes with great effort, labor, and self-sacrifice.
Courage comes with the sun.
Courage deletes shame.
Courage enables one to face a difficult situation or problem head on.
Courage enables people to do the right thing even when it s unpopular, difficult, or dangerous.
Courage exposes ambushes.
Courage flows from the cross.
Courage flows like water.
Courage gives all character force and strength.
Courage gives character force and strength.
Courage grows as it is acted upon.
Courage grows by daring, fear by delaying.
Courage grows out of moral development.
Courage Has Many Faces.
Courage has many forms.
Courage has nothing to do with being fearless.
Courage has to be cultivated.
Courage Have the courage to commit to basics and proper preparation.
Courage Have the courage to do what is right.
Courage here pertains to creative, moral and social perspectives.
Courage includes taking action on personal commitments.
Courage inevitably leads to liberty.
Courage involves conquering fear.
Courage involves the willingness to confront the difficult, the dangerous, without running.
Courage is a Catholic support group for men and women struggling with same-sex attraction.
Courage is a choice.
Courage is a complicated concept.
Courage is a decision to transcend one's fears.
Courage is a form of endurance.
Courage is a funny thing.
Courage is a godly virtue.
Courage is a great virtue, while chutzpah is generally a negative trait.
Courage is a habit.
Courage is a key signpost on the path to transformation.
Courage is a manly characteristic, so the verse expresses the women's actions in the male form.
Courage is a matter of getting used to it.
Courage is a much valued masculine trait.
Courage is a necessary ingredient for living a life without regrets.
Courage is a necessary step in gaining certain goods, and courage is gained by steady thought.
Courage is a prerequisite to greatness as a Christian educator.
Courage is a quality by which men measure in themselves and others.
Courage is a requirement for the job.
Courage is a specialty for soldiers rather than a necessary aspect of every virtue.
Courage is a spirit that is at home in the hearts of brave men and women everywhere.
Courage is a strong base for children.
Courage Is a tender aspen shoot Rising in the wake of fire.
Courage is a Truth.
Courage is a very formidable competitor with fear.
Courage is a very mixed phenomenon.
Courage is a very quiet thing.
Courage is a very valid translation.
Courage is a virtue only in the cause of righteousness.
Courage is a virtue that is lived in actual fact.
Courage is a virtue vouchsafed to few.
Courage is a way of life.
Courage is a willingness to be humbled, more than a quest for glory or flowers.
Courage is a word too frequently used by sportswriters in glamorizing an athlete's performance.
Courage is about facing the painful and terrible.
Courage is admirable until it becomes ludicrous.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms.
Courage is also what a patient needs, who knows that a treatment or a test is going to hurt.
Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Courage is always an important issue.
Courage is an acquired taste.
Courage is an action.
Courage is an incredibly timid dog with spindly legs and paranoia problem.
Courage is an open heart.
Courage is an organization that supports benefits and services to people with disabilities.
Courage is another principle that Delts incorporate into their thoughts and actions.
Courage is as essential to the writer as oxygen, no more and no less.
Courage is as hard to define as any virtue.
Courage is associated with bravery, valor, and heroism.
Courage is certainly a theme.
Courage is confidence.
Courage is contagious even if cowardice is endemic.
Courage is contagious.
Courage is control under adversity or fear and the ability to do what is right.
Courage is defined as the ability to face difficulty with firmness.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Courage is fear holding on a moment longer.
Courage is fear in action.
Courage is fear that has said a prayer.
Courage is fear that has said it's prayers.
Courage is fight against the odds.
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
Courage is for when the other options are easy.
Courage is good everywhere.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Courage is graceful and dignified and resides within the breast of every true man.
Courage is habitual, contagious.
Courage is history's true currency.
Courage is in an eorl.
Courage is in choosing to face and accept anguish and grief.
Courage is in short supply, but it is highly rewarded.
Courage is in the .air in bracing whiffs Better than all the stalemate an's and if s.
Courage is joined at the hip with anxiety.
Courage is just another word for confidence.
Courage is liberty.
Courage is made criminal.
Courage is measurable.
Courage is mental or moral strength to resist opposition, danger or hardship.
Courage is mental, emotional, spiritual and physical.
Courage is more than bravery under fire.
Courage is necessary in order to make being and becoming possible.
Courage is necessary to do so.
Courage is needed in a brave new world - courage to confront and create.
Courage is needed in performing Christian sympathy today.
Courage is never easy to show but it's the freedom of our mind, body, and soul.
Courage is next moral courage.
Courage is nothing more than a positive attitude combined with action and supported by faith.
Courage is nothing more than a positive attitude combined with action supported by faith.
Courage is now a necessity as well as faith.
Courage is one of four ways to stop hesitation.
Courage is one of the Armies seven core values.
Courage is one of the top virtues in a subordinate.
Courage is one step ahead of fear.
Courage is only the accumulation of small steps.
Courage is opposed to compromise, deceit, dishonour and disloyalty.
Courage is our real currency.
Courage is passed on in lots of ways.
Courage is perhaps our most admirable trait.
Courage is required for meeting the difficulties of life.
Courage is required to raise taxes as the economy slows, but there is no other way.
Courage is resolve.
Courage is seen as recklessness, and authenticity as stubbornness and inflexibility.
Courage is seen truth and admitting, embracing it.
Courage is self-generated.
Courage is sometimes all it takes to recognize the invisible barrier and then demolish it.
Courage is spirit
Courage is spirit.
Courage is supplanted by a giving in and giving up, leaving no room for courage.
Courage is ten, nine is the ability to escape.
Courage is the ability of a human being to act even though afraid.
Courage is the ability to do what needs to be done, regardless of the cost or risk.
Courage is the ability to feel the fear and do it anyway.
Courage is the ability to let go of the familiar.
Courage is the ability to move forward through the fear.
Courage is the ability to overcome fear and take action.
Courage is the answer.
Courage is the attitude, or the response, or the virtue, which is usually connected with soldiers.
Courage is the basis of creativity.
Courage is the capacity to confront what can be imagined.
Courage is the capacity to meet the anxiety which arises as one achieves freedom.
Courage is the capacity to move ahead in spite of despair.
Courage is the compliment of fear.
Courage is the core word in the word encouragement.
Courage is the decision to try it.
Courage is the desire to maintain our integrity When it's easier to look the other way.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality that guarantees all the others.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all other.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all the others.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.
Courage is the foundation from which noble actions arise.
Courage is the foundation of integrity.
Courage is the foundation of our loyalty and integrity.
Courage is the fruit of a well defined process.
Courage is the fuel that propels authentic action.
Courage is the greatest force in individuals and nations.
Courage is the greatest of all the virtues.
Courage is the key element of the courageouslearning programs.
Courage is the major status trait among the Indian warriors.
Courage is the mean with regard to feelings of fear and confidence.
Courage is the measure of a big soul.
Courage is the natural result of internal disciplines.
Courage is the noblest of all attainments.
Courage is the only thing.
Courage is the opposite of discouragement.
Courage is the place where one's heart and mind meet with action.
Courage is the power to face difficulties.
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Courage is the power to step forward when it's easier to follow the crowd.
Courage Is The Price .
Courage is the price life exacts for granting peace.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Courage is the primary instrument for achieving any kind of success.
Courage is the quality of spirit which addresses overwhelming situations.
Courage is the second principle.
Courage is the stepping- stone to success.
Courage is the strength or choice to begin a change.
Courage is the strength to choose in spite of fear.
Courage is the strength to stand up when it's easier to sit down.
Courage is the ticket to play.
Courage is the very first of human qualities because it is the guarantee of all others.
Courage is the virtue that turns fear, disappointment, and challenge into victory and joy.
Courage is the willingness to do what is right.
Courage is the wisdom to act in spite of fear.
Courage is to have heart.
Courage is to learn how to ride a bike.
Courage is to recognize moments of greatness when they occur, despite personal cost.
Courage is to tell the truth in the face of political correctness.
Courage is traits.
Courage is very important.
Courage is virtue.
Courage is well mannered and easy to work around.
Courage is what is called for.
Courage is what it takes for a survivor to face each new morning.
Courage is what it takes to hold together a human society.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak.
Courage is what makes great runners.
Courage is wonderful.
Courage is, unfortunately, in very short supply today.
Courage is. .
Courage isa trait.
Courage knocks on the door to success.
Courage knows no limits.
Courage lies in the power of knowledge.
Courage means being afraid and going ahead anyway.
Courage means being willing to stand up to the reactions of others calmly and strongly.
Courage means feeling the fear and doing it anyway.
Courage means having the guts to stay focused on the shared vision.
Courage means to act according to one's beliefs.
Courage means willing to fail.
Courage motivates people to take risks.
Courage needs to be cultivated once again by little daily lessons in character.
Courage preserves our ideas and integrity.
Courage promotes individual and united freedom.
Courage proves rare.
Courage provides the mental clarity to see what's right, even if it's unpopular or difficult.
Courage puts a man over the top.
Courage relates to now.
Courage relies on Orderly discipline as well as Chaotic enthusiasm.
Courage remember at several companion though repair womans day.
Courage requires a drive to be different.
Courage requires commitment.
Courage requires good judgment, perseverance, etc.
Courage requires trust.
Courage rises when the cause is greater than the circumstances.
Courage rushes in.
Courage tends to be a personal individual matter.
Courage wins, but the pain they ve caused is unmistakable.
Courage often makes no noise.
More courage is needed to make peace than it is to wage war.
More courage is required to forgive than is required to take up arms.
Courageous leadership is required now.
Courageous living comes from daily, deliberate acts of resolve.
Courageous missionaries are already active on the field.
Courageous mother admits no fears.
Courageous people are better able to achieve the things in life they value the most.
Courageous women watch from the distance and know that all hope has been extinguished.
Courgette flowers are popular in restaurants, either on their own, or attached to young courgettes.
Courgette plants have male and female flowers.
A courgette is a vine
Courgette isa vine.
Courgettes are a summer crop that grows on non-vining bushes.
Courgettes are available nearly all year round and make a healthy and nutritious meal.
Courgettes are one of the most bountiful crops in the garden.
Courgettes are thirsty veg, especially when in flower and the veg are starting to swell.
Courgettes come in a variety of colours and shapes.
Courgettes come in numerous varieties with different fruit shapes, sizes and colours.
Courgettes continue to be plentiful and are an amazingly versatile vegetable.
Courgettes have (part) cell membranes.
Courgettes have (part) cells.
Courgettes have (part) corpi.
Courgettes have (part) cytoplasm.
Courgettes have (part) nuclei.
Courgettes have (part) plasma membranes.
Courgettes have (part) sections.
Courgettes have (part) vacuoles.
Courgettes have (part) vegetable marrow.
Courgettes have smell.
Courgettes have strong smell.
Courgettes have strong unpleasant smell.
Courgettes have unpleasant smell.
Courgettes suffer if their leaves get too wet and also like a lot of water.
Most courgettes have strong smell.
Most courgettes have strong unpleasant smell.
Most courgettes have unpleasant smell.
Some courgettes have habits.
Some courgettes have shapes.
Some courgettes produce crops.
Courier bags are also a great way to carry stuff.
Courier bags are courier bags, and a courier bag is a courier bag.
Courier companies use bike messengers.
Courier companies use messengers.
Courier font indicates messages, prompts, and program files that the system displays.
Courier fonts are fixed-width.
Courier service goes between the two campuses each weekday.
Courier service is also available.
Courier service is available in selected locations.
Courier service is available.
Courier service is free.
Courier service is limited to the metropolitan Boston area and is available at an additional charge.
Courier service is much quicker.
Courier service is provided to the tri-state area for pickup and delivery.
Courier service needs to be examined in the near future.
Courier services are also available .
Courier services are also available.
Courier services are also possible for additional costs.
Courier services are too slow.
Courier services can plan their routes according to traffic patterns.
A courier is a traveler
Courier can automatically blacklist domains whose mail servers reject delivery status notifications.
Courier can use the maildrop mail filter as a local mail delivery agent.
Courier carries documents both ways and signs courier contract.
Courier carries documents both ways.
Courier considers aliases to be private mailing lists.
Courier expects system mailboxes to be in the users' home directories.
Courier Indicates the name of the courier for which drop-off locations have been requested.
Courier is a closed mail relay by default.
Courier is a fixedwidth font.
Courier is a fixed-width font.
Courier is a mono-spaced font good when a lot of formatting is needed in the document.
Courier is a monospaced font, which means that every character is exactly as wide as every other.
Courier is a non-proportional font.
Courier is a recommended font because it is a monospaced font.
Courier is a type style used by typewriters and computer printers.
Courier is a typeface derived from typewriter styles.
Courier is available but costs quite a bit more.
Courier is available in every country of the world except North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Libya and Cuba.
Courier is charged at actual cost.
Courier is one font.
Courier is pretty much the universal standard for signatures.
Courier is probably the most widely used fixed-space font.
Courier is recommended and preferred.
Courier is the infamous non-proportional type carried over to PC's from the typewriter.
Courier is the most commonly used monospace font.
Courier is used to indicate commands and command options.
Courier is usually the best choice for fixed fonts.
Courier isa traveler.
Courier isa traveller.
Courier looks like cheesey typewriter type, in our opinion.
Courier looks like old lecture notes.
Courier means every letter is equally spaced in relation to the letters before and after it.
Courier normally tries to eliminate duplicate addresses listed as recipients for the same message.
Courier runs the specified command, and provides the contents of the message on standard input.
Courier says epo makes such superhuman performance possible.
Courier tries to restart itself during periods of system inactivity.
Courier uses an equal space for each letter, all other types are proportional.
Couriers also admit to their fair share of bizarre orders.
Couriers also pick up output, and other supplies to be routed among the Administrative customers.
Couriers are dizzy by the time they make the rounds on campus.
Couriers are freight carriers first.
Couriers are limited to carry-on luggage only.
Couriers are typeface.
Couriers are usually freelance, but some belong to a group.
Couriers being forced to work eleven-hour shifts without lunch is a dangerous condition.
Couriers carry everything and anything the city needs to function.
Couriers deliver parcels between cities.
Couriers enjoy sizably reduced ticket prices.
Couriers have (part) arms.
Couriers have (part) body substances.
Couriers have (part) cell membranes.
Couriers have (part) cells.
Couriers have (part) corpi.
Couriers have (part) cytoplasm.
Couriers have (part) heads.
Couriers have (part) human bodies.
Couriers have (part) legs.
Couriers have (part) material bodies.
Couriers have (part) necks.
Couriers have (part) nuclei.
Couriers have (part) personality.
Couriers have (part) plasma membranes.
Couriers have (part) sections.
Couriers have (part) vacuoles.
Couriers have literary surprise for national library . . .
Couriers hustle in and out of elevators.
Couriers offer round trip flights.
Couriers pick up and return the entire school order each week.
Couriers provide pick-up and delivery service to route locations twice each day.
Couriers ride bikes.
Couriers ride mountain bikes.
Couriers ship every day.
Couriers smuggle smaller amounts.
Couriers then transport the heroin via train to New York City.
Couriers transport documents and merchandise abroad.
Couriers typically operate on banking days.
Couriers typically receive a commission worth one per cent of the value of the stones.
Courier always gives readers a bad impression.
Couriers often travel to a source to pick up drugs, using one set of passports and tickets.
All couriers carry bio-hazardous totes for ambient, cool and frozen specimens.
Many couriers handle all forms of delivery service, including airfreight at discounted prices.
Most couriers are young, male, and slightly lost.
Most couriers just do the job and that's that.
Most couriers ride bikes.
Most couriers ride mountain bikes.
Some couriers also offer one additional delivery if the first one misses.
Some couriers offer a free, phone-message update on available flights.
Course books are available for most classes and are highly recommended.
Course books are available for most classes and highly recommended.
Course books requested by the instructor are also on reserve for each course.
Course books teach the students the standards one by one, then provide targeted practice in each.
Many course books contain photocopiable roleplay instructions for a variety of situations.
Course corrections can be gradual or abrupt.
Course credit applies to the student's degree once full admission is granted.
Course credit can apply toward relicensing and salary advancement.
Course credit earned is equivalent to the same course credit in the fall or spring term.
Course credit is attainment
Course credit is available by serving in departmental productions in a variety of capacities.
Course credit is available for all productions.
Course credit is available for documentable personal and professional learning experiences.
Course credit is available for students who are receiving training through the Middle Earth program.
Course credit is available for students.
Course credit is available through the intern's college or university.
Course credit is available.
Course credit is awarded at the discretion of individual departments.
Course credit is awarded at the end of the year and is based on the final course average.
Course credit is awarded on a letter-grade basis.
Course credit is based on mastery of the subject matter.
Course credit is computed by hours.
Course credit is earned for performance experience.
Course credit is extended only once for each course taught during a three year period.
Course credit is four hours.
Course credit is given for professional experience outside the classroom prior to graduation.
Course credit is given for supervised internships.
Course credit is given the following fall semester.
Course credit is given.
Course credit is granted for acceptable scores.
Course credit is granted only on completion of doctoral research proposal.
Course credit is granted only upon completion of a doctoral research proposal.
Course credit is measured in quarter hours.
Course credit is offered for moot participation.
Course credit is offered, and scholarship aid is awarded on the basis of audition.
Course credit is optional for voice majors.
Course credit is optional.
Course credit is posted on the student's home school transcript.
Course credit is readily transferable to other post-secondary institutions.
Course credit is the same for all students, regardless of location.
Course credit is transcripted upon enrollment in the degree program.
Course credit is transferable to other colleges.
Course credit requires placement supervision and an appropriate term evaluation exercise.
Course credit varies with extensiveness of the topic.
Course credit varies with the extensiveness of the project.
Course credits allow interested residents to complete a master of science degree in oral biology.
Course credits are available.
Course credits are for each semester in two-semester courses.
Course credits are possible.
Course credits are transferable.
Course credits earned in the program or accepted by transfer are valid for a maximum of seven years.
Course credits expire five years after the course has been completed.
Course credits reflect the conventions in place at each home campus.
Course credits satisfy the language requirement.
Course credits vary according to the nature of the project, to be determined by the faculty sponsor.
All course credit is awarded in semester hours and is transferable to CSU with prior approval.
All course credits are in semester hours.
All course credits are subject to the five year limitation.
All course credits are transferable.
Course documentation is of a high standard.
Course enrollment reaches capacity shortly after activities are announced.
Course evaluation includes problem solving, lab work and written tests.
Course evaluation is available here .
Course evaluation is based on a combination of three examinations and teaching fellow input.
Course evaluation is based on a series of short papers and an examination.
Course evaluation is based on attendance, participation, quizzes and an essay examination.
Course evaluation is based on attendance, participation, tests, and team projects.
Course evaluation is based on class participation, oral presentations, and written.
Course evaluation is based on exams, research project and class participation.
Course evaluation is based on five projects.
Course evaluation is based on grades for midterm, term paper, final examination.
Course evaluation is based on reflection, classroom presentations, participation and written papers.
Course evaluation is often a big waste of time.
Course evaluations are also still an issue.
Course evaluations are available here.
Course evaluations are equally important for classes taught by tenured faculty.
Course evaluations are the property of the individual instructor.
Course evaluations provide student feedback for both general education and arts courses.
Most course evaluations give some indication of participants' personal growth.
Course library is always available for reference.
Course management becomes an easier part of the game.
Course management involves details and how they relate to a specific player s abilities.
Course management is crucial.
Course management is excellent.
Course management is key.
Course management is put to the test at the start of the back nine.
Course management is required.
Course management is the key.
Course management refers to strategy in playing the game of golf.
Course material synthesizes knowledge from diverse fields into what is useful to leaders.
Course number depends on teaching field.
Course number is based on level of subject matter to be covered.
Course number is required.
Course number varies with semester.
Course numbers are an important aid so pay attention to the numbering sequence.
Course numbers are for identification purposes only.
Course numbers are limited to allow time for interaction between participants and presenters.
Course numbers are normally a three-digit number.
Course numbers contained in parentheses indicate a cross-listing with another department.
Course numbers correspond to the Houston area course map .
Course numbers have no reference to the semester in which the courses are taught.
Course numbers indicate general areas of focus rather than the degree of difficulty.
Course numbers indicate the level of complexity of the courses.
Course numbers link to corresponding course material.
Course numbers link to descriptions in Catalog, where available.
Course numbers listed here are tentative and subject to change in the final curriculum.
Course numbers reflect their level.
Course numbers separated by a slash indicate same subject offerings at lower and upper levels.
Course numbers vary with each semester.
All course numbers consist of four digits.
Any course number referred to in the description acts as a link to that course.
Course of instruction compresses to produce officers more rapidly for the war.
Course of instruction is education
Course of instruction is to include.
Courses of instruction are avilable in the following eight areas.
All courses of instruction are of equal credit value.
Most courses of instruction require complementary.
Course of performance looks at performance within the contract.
Courses of studies have flexible time limits, suitable for even the busiest schedules.
A course of study is education
Course of study expands from three years to four.
Course of study includes a research project in microphone technology and applications.
Course of study includes introduction to cooking techniques used in different cuisine's.
Course of study includes using the computer to draw motor control circuits.
Course of study is full time with classes scheduled primarily during the day.
Course of study is full time, with classes scheduled primarily during the day.
Courses of study are flexible with major emphasis on the accomplishment of research.
Courses of study are information.
Courses of study are open to students of all denominations.
Courses of study are training.
Courses of study can train the mind.
Courses of study encompass the humanities, the social sciences, and the fine and performing arts.
Courses of study provide for an area of specialization or for advanced general studies.
Courses of study provide guidelines for instruction in all areas of the curriculum.
Courses of study vary from international studies, business, humanities, to social sciences.
All courses of study are pass or no-pass.
All courses of study presented below are under development and subject to change.
All courses of study provide a foundation for a well-rounded education.
Every course of study is worked out on an individual basis.
Every course of study leaves some questions unanswered.
Many courses of study involve periods of work experience.
Course pack is required.
Course pack provides most of the diagrams.
Course packs are a standard of education today.
Course packs are custom textbooks developed by instructors to supplement standard textbooks.
Course packs are generally collections or anthologies of materials copied by commercial copy shops.
Course packs are non-returnable.
Course packs are ordinarily saleable items.
Course packs are returnable following the textbook rules unless they are special ordered.
Course packs provide a cheaper alternative to textbooks.
Course placement is dependent on placement test scores as described in paragraph D above.
Course placement is determined by performance on an English proficiency exam and a writing sample.
Course placement is determined by proficiency testing.
Course placement is made on the basis of test performance.
Course reserves are available in each branch library.
Course reserves are materials set aside by professors for their classes to use in the library only.
Course reserves circulate for either two hours or one day.
Course reserves have a limited loan period and are subject to hourly overdue fines.
Course reserves serve a specific purpose.
Course safety is our highest priority, followed closely by good teaching.
Course work addresses a wide range of business topics, with an emphasis on analytical.
Course work applies to various areas of human services.
Course work begins following completion of the student's third year of medical school.
Course work begins immediately at the beginning of the term.
Course work begins in the fall.
Course work begins in the summer and consists of three summers and two academic years.
Course work combines classes in computer science, health informatics and health management.
Course work combines solid grounding in pedagogy with instructional practices and content knowledge.
Course work completed abroad can count toward both major and general education requirements.
Course work completed during intersession is paid for by a graduate assistantship fee waiver.
Course work comprises a group project.
Course work comprises the following.
Course work consists mainly of discussions of assigned readings and internship experiences.
Course work consists of a series of independent and group oral presentations.
Course work consists of C programming assignments.
Course work consists of graduate level material.
Course work consists of reading assignments in both texts and viewing ten films over the semester.
Course work consists of regular homework, occasional unannounced quizzes, two midterms, and a final.
Course work consists principally of practical exercises.
Course work covers both the art and the science of herbalism.
Course work covers general courses in chemistry, anatomy, physiology, and biological sciences.
Course work covers medical terminology and the use of transcription equipment.
Course work covers safety on the job site.
Course work covers strategic planning theory, process, and components.
Course work covers the growing role of managed care in the health care enterprise.
Course work covers the identification, growth and development of landscape plants.
Course work develops only one range o skills.
Course work develops only one range of skills.
Course work develops skills in reading, writing, and thinking.
Course work emphasizes a combination of the l iberal arts, business, and management studies.
Course work emphasizes an understanding of the behavioral and technical aspects of management.
Course work emphasizes architectural design and urban planning.
Course work emphasizes both the practical and theoretical aspects of the discipline.
Course work emphasizes cinema production, with possible specialization in animation.
Course work emphasizes developing the student competence in a number of areas list below.
Course work emphasizes hands-on experience in film production.
Course work emphasizes managing IS services and the use of IS in solving organizational problems.
Course work emphasizes the application of scientific instrumentation and operation.
Course work emphasizes the application of scientific instrumentation maintenance and operation.
Course work emphasizes the application of scientific principles to environmental protection.
Course work emphasizes the development of analytic thinking and clear writing skills.
Course work emphasizes the practical application of theory.
Course work emphasizes the process of bringing new real estate products to the market.
Course work emphasizes the structural aspects of language and the mechanisms of language change.
Course work emphasizes the use of computers as engineering tools.
Course work emphasizes theoretical and conceptual issues in health promotion.
Course work encompasses secretarial skills non-computerized and computerized offices systems.
Course work encompasses the entire business process with emphasis on the consumer.
Course work encourages students to expand their written and verbal communication skills.
Course work explores the structure of exposition and develops critical interpretations of texts.
Course work focuses on at-risk youth and the court system.
Course work focuses on bringing out the individual qualities, strengths and skills of the student.
Course work focuses on human development, and the tasks and skills used in everyday life.
Course work focuses on leading an organization with the IT function.
Course work focuses on reading and discussion.
Course work focuses on research methods in practice.
Course work focuses on theory, methodology, media management, and media studies.
Course work focuses on urban youth and the effects of mentoring.
Course work focuses upon history, theory, criticism, production and management of the media arts.
Course work has due dates.
Course work includes a balance of photography, design, and liberal arts.
Course work includes a comprehensive group staffing project.
Course work includes a computerized general ledger software package, practice set.
Course work includes a foundation core of drawing, design, and a senior project.
Course work includes a list of core courses and additional courses for each option.
Course work includes a midterm, paper, and a final.
Course work includes a project investigating or applying software design methods.
Course work includes a research paper.
Course work includes a student report on a key photonic application.
Course work includes a supervised internship in an approved facility.
Course work includes a team project to develop a sizeable, real-world application software.
Course work includes acting, stagecraft, directing and theatre history.
Course work includes advanced black and white studies, color transparencies and color printing.
Course work includes advanced soil science, business administration, and engineering.
Course work includes advanced techniques and independent research.
Course work includes all phases of Manicuring theory lab instruction.
Course work includes all phases of manicuring theory laboratory instruction.
Course work includes applied math, communication and science.
Course work includes area of specialization, perspective options, research, and thesis credit.
Course work includes art history, design, printmaking, painting, sculpture, and ceramics.
Course work includes art work, layout design, copy writing, photography, and selling advertisements.
Course work includes as many hands-on activities as possible.
Course work includes assembly language programming.
Course work includes assigned readings, assignments, classroom presentations plus a project.
Course work includes basic computer programming.
Course work includes both classroom and clinical instruction.
Course work includes both continuous care nursing courses and specialty courses in oncology.
Course work includes both day and evening classes.
Course work includes campaign participation.
Course work includes chemistry, microbiology, and related topics.
Course work includes class discussion, readings, and formal term papers on selected topics.
Course work includes class exercises, two exams, and a final project.
Course work includes class in writing poetry, fiction, mixed media, and advanced literature classes.
Course work includes classes in business administration and economics.
Course work includes classes in the most widely used software packages.
Course work includes classroom and clinical instruction.
Course work includes classroom instruction and independent inquiry.
Course work includes cold reading and audition techniques.
Course work includes color exercises in cut paper, computer, paint and wood.
Course work includes color exercises in cut paper, computer, paint, and wood.
Course work includes conceptual material as well as laboratory material.
Course work includes creative strategy, graphics, research, media planning and campaigns.
Course work includes critical papers and group presentations.
Course work includes dental physiology, dental laboratory theory, and dental metallurgy.
Course work includes design classes in addition to business management and bookkeeping.
Course work includes developing specifications and estimating for the industry.
Course work includes directing a one-act play.
Course work includes discussion, lecture, speakers, articles, films, e-mail and fieldwork.
Course work includes document drafting and negotiations.
Course work includes eight short homework assignments, one midterm examination and a final exam.
Course work includes eight short homework assignments, one midterm, and a final exam.
Course work includes eight weekly homework assignments and one midterm exam.
Course work includes eight weekly homework assignments and one mid-term exam.
Course work includes essays, practical reports and presentations.
Course work includes experiences with exceptional learners.
Course work includes extensive hands-on experience with networks .
Course work includes extensive hands-on experience with networks.
Course work includes extensive practice in different kinds of writing.
Course work includes extensive speaking assignments, study of fallacies, and speech criticism.
Course work includes film theory and criticism.
Course work includes five short assignments, three tests and a final examination.
Course work includes five short take-home assignments, three tests and a final examination.
Course work includes four courses in roofing.
Course work includes Greek or Latin composition.
Course work includes group participation, a midterm exam, and a concluding research essay.
Course work includes hands-on laboratory activities in digital electronics.
Course work includes homework exercises, hour exams, and a final exam.
Course work includes horticulture therapy, production courses, and social science.
Course work includes hygiene, chemical hair treatments, cutting, styling and anatomy.
Course work includes identifying and testing tasks, interpreting data and reporting findings.
Course work includes individual projects on comparative languages, including English.
Course work includes instruction in technique, outside readings, and performance observation.
Course work includes laboratory exercises as well as regular classroom instruction.
Course work includes lecture and hands-on computer training .
Course work includes lecture, class discussions, reading and student speeches.
Course work includes lectures and scuba diving.
Course work includes lectures, discussions, laboratory sessions, and field trips.
Course work includes lectures, problem sets, and student presentations.
Course work includes main ideas, making inferences, and distinguishing fact and opinion.
Course work includes management, business administration and ethics.
Course work includes neural networks, non linear algebra, and computability theory.
Course work includes nutrition, genetics, diseases, and reproduction as applied to animals.
Course work includes observation and participation in classroom settings.
Course work includes oral and written assignments and group projects.
Course work includes pair and group work in class and language lab and computer lab exercises.
Course work includes participation in experiments and field experiences in life sciences.
Course work includes plant materials, design, graphics, and landscape computer applications.
Course work includes policy analysis and the development of quantitative skills.
Course work includes political science, international economics and history.
Course work includes practical reading, writing and research.
Course work includes practice of sound patterns, conversational skills, and listening comprehension.
Course work includes production planning, idustrail planning, saftey, and quality control.
Course work includes programming basics along with marketing and other business concepts.
Course work includes projects which emphasize research.
Course work includes projects.
Course work includes propagation, insect control, and greenhouse management practices.
Course work includes quizzes, essays, and a final examination.
Course work includes reading the major components of a typical set of construction drawings.
Course work includes readings and presentations, but primarily design and implementation projects.
Course work includes readings and presentations, but primarily programming.
Course work includes readings, hands-on business projects and simulated stock purchases.
Course work includes several programming assignments plus a project.
Course work includes several varied writing assignments, discussion and exams.
Course work includes several varied writing assignments, discussion, and exams.
Course work includes short individual assignments and a major group-programming project.
Course work includes short weekly exercises followed by one longer project.
Course work includes significant practical implementation experience.
Course work includes six courses in painting.
Course work includes student teaching and internship experiences.
Course work includes students' presentation of their take-home assignment and research project.
Course work includes study of the history, theory, technology and effects of communications media.
Course work includes substantial programming projects.
Course work includes sustained studies of figures, still life, and landscape.
Course work includes the construction, fitting and finishing of sample garments.
Course work includes the development of morphological theory.
Course work includes the study of early contributions, contemporary views, and clinical situations.
Course work includes the theory, design, analysis and application of computer software and hardware.
Course work includes theory and practice of public relations.
Course work includes three papers as well as brief reports on the tutoring experience.
Course work includes three to five papers as well as brief reports on the tutoring experience.
Course work includes training for a spokesperson, narrator and character roles.
Course work includes training in earth moving equipment, both track type and rubber tire.
Course work includes units on nutrition, handling and restraint, safety, sanitation and disease.
Course work includes weekly homework assignments.
Course work includes welding, shrinking and principles of metal working.
Course work includes welding, shrinking, and principles of metal working.
Course work includes worksheets, quizes, tests, and projects.
Course work increases students' scientific preparation and supports their research.
Course work increases the scientific preparation of students and supports their research.
Course work integrates academic and vocational subject matter.
Course work integrates all aspects of construction industry.
Course work integrates economics, political science, and other social sciences.
Course work integrates general, content, professional and pedagogical knowledge.
Course work integrates theories from text and discussions into applied work implementations.
Course work integrates theory and practice.
Course work introduces the student to a variety of computer applications in business and industry.
Course work investigates the relationships of the subject to technique and the visual to conceptual.
Course work involves a detailed, long term study of student related issues.
Course work involves a hands-on approach.
Course work involves a significant written research project with oral presentation.
Course work involves a wide range of verbal and visual language systems.
Course work involves computer applications and the polishing of programming skills.
Course work involves data collection, analysis and interpretation.
Course work involves data collection, analysis, and interpretation.
Course work involves experiences with children, high school and college youth, and adults.
Course work involves interaction with native informants.
Course work involves laboratory exercises as well as regular classroom instruction.
Course work involves learning legal research and writing.
Course work involves lectures, in-class exercises, site visits, discussions, and critiques.
Course work involves literature review, research design and proposals.
Course work involves planning, media, creative, and presentation skills.
Course work involves reading assignments, frequent compositions, and continued review of grammar.
Course work involves reading, discussion, and preparation of a research paper.
Course work involves research on personal health concerns.
Course work involves the use of charts, models, and slides, but no dissection.
Course work involves writing and running between five and eight computer programs.
Course work is a balance of experiences in each field.
Course work is a focus of hands-on content and instruction.
Course work is a mixture of lectures and seminars based on key texts and optional reading.
Course work is a mixture of readings, research, and activities.
Course work is accessible via the Web and other distance technologies.
Course work is adapted for appropriate grade levels.
Course work is aimed at developing speaking, listening, and critical reading and writing skills.
Course work is aimed at sharpening decision making, critical thinking, and communication skills.
Course work is also available in developmental psychology, neuroscience, and cognitive science.
Course work is also available in other disciplines.
Course work is also available in remote sensing.
Course work is arranged upon consultation with staff according to background and career plans.
Course work is at the discretion of the committee.
Course work is at the doctoral level.
Course work is augmented by a variety of field trips.
Course work is available at the graduate and undergraduate levels.
Course work is available in areas to enhance the laboratory research experiences.
Course work is available in English for students specializing in areas other than Spanish.
Course work is available in many majors.
Course work is available leading to teaching certification in biology and physical science.
Course work is available which provides the competencies for the following certificates.
Course work is available within an interdepartmental structure.
Course work is based on an English translation and no knowledge of Hebrew is required.
Course work is both pragmatic and policy oriented.
Course work is broken down into activity windows usually consisting of seven to fourteen days.
Course work is capped off by the qualifying oral examination.
Course work is completed at the student's convenience any time during the semester.
Course work is completed at the student's convenience within a specified period of time.
Course work is completed in an open lab setting with lab technicians available to assist.
Course work is completed in an open lab with lab technicians available to assist students.
Course work is completed in the first two years.
Course work is completed in three years.
Course work is completed over a two-year period.
Course work is completed prior to reporting for duty.
Course work is completed using Internet technologies.
Course work is conducted every other weekend on campus.
Course work is continued.
Course work is covered in three academic years and four summers of study prior to the dissertation.
Course work is delivered through a combination of campus-based classes and innovative technologies.
Course work is dependent upon the degree the student chooses.
Course work is described on the Web page.
Course work is designed for advanced students interested in the genetic basis of human malignancy.
Course work is designed for students at an intermediate or higher level of language proficiency.
Course work is designed to offer students a significant orientation to their chosen track of study.
Course work is designed to prepare the graduate to function within many institutional settings.
Course work is determined by each student's doctoral committee.
Course work is determined by individual student needs and is provided by several departments.
Course work is developed to make management theory applicable to nonprofit organizations.
Course work is divided between the theoretical and practical aspects of museum operations.
Course work is divided equally between business, liberal arts, math and science courses.
Course work is divided equally between content and methodology courses.
Course work is divided into required core courses and elective courses.
Course work is divided into required core courses, specialty courses, and elective courses.
Course work is divided into three core areas.
Course work is divided into three levels.
Course work is done both individually and as a group depending on the project.
Course work is done both individually and in groups.
Course work is done by hand-molding.
Course work is done online or through independent study.
Course work is done through Multimedia.
Course work is drawn from examples of literature, biography, philosophy, and the arts.
Course work is enhanced by a field placement during one academic quarter.
Course work is enhanced through visits to major museums and New York galleries.
Course work is essential for advancement.
Course work is evenly divided between required and elective courses.
Course work is focused on library research which culminates in one written paper.
Course work is focused on preparing the individual to teach health at the secondary level.
Course work is in English alongside Norwegian students.
Course work is in-depth and accelerated.
Course work is individualized, allowing students to work at their own speed.
Course work is intended for first or second-year students.
Course work is intensive both in and out of class.
Course work is intensive, but the atmosphere remains informal.
Course work is interdisciplinary.
Course work is more significant in assessment than it used to be.
Course work is non-sequential.
Course work is offered in professional practice of psychology.
Course work is offered in the major areas of math, language arts, science and social studies.
Course work is offered on one three-day weekend per month.
Course work is offered over the initial two years and six months of the program.
Course work is offered through a combination of weekend classes and distance education strategies.
Course work is offered throughout Alabama.
Course work is offered to meet teacher and director qualifications.
Course work is organized by weekly themes.
Course work is organized in a competency format with both theory and hands-on experience.
Course work is organized in a competency format with both theory and hands-on experiences.
Course work is organized in three areas.
Course work is oriented toward problem-solving skills and techniques.
Course work is outlined below.
Course work is paced to enhance student success.
Course work is part of the degree program.
Course work is performed in an unstructured setting.
Course work is presented by professionals who work in the specific fields being studied.
Course work is primarily in research and reading seminars.
Course work is provided through the Colleges of Allied Health Professions and Education.
Course work is recorded on a transcript and can be applied to degree programs.
Course work is recorded on a transcript showing grade, credit hours and grade points earned.
Course work is required in advanced probability and mathematical statistics.
Course work is required in biology, chemistry, geology, agriculture, and sociology.
Course work is required in both physical and biological sciences.
Course work is required in both the discipline and education.
Course work is required in natural sciences, arts and humanities, and business.
Course work is required in quantitative methods, learning, experimental methodology, and ethics.
Course work is required in Spanish, literature, and social science.
Course work is required in the program and varies between the different research laboratories.
Course work is required in two areas - MBA core courses and electives.
Course work is rigorous and students are encouraged to participate in research.
Course work is rigorous but stimulating and relevant.
Course work is rigorous, and students are held accountable through regular assessments.
Course work is scenario-based and accomplished by teams.
Course work is scheduled according to the needs of the individual student.
Course work is selected on the basis of the needs and goals of each student.
Course work is set weekly, and is an integral part of assessment.
Course work is similar to introductory courses offered at four-year colleges and universities.
Course work is similar to that described for general dietetics.
Course work is structured to be practical with immediate, hands-on application to the home ministry.
Course work is substituted for a thesis.
Course work is supervised and graded by the program's academic coordinator.
Course work is supplemented by excursions to libraries and collections in Venice and the vicinity.
Course work is supplemented by field trips and social and cultural events.
Course work is supplemented by films shown in class and attendance at local theatre productions.
Course work is supplemented by practical experience arranged through internships.
Course work is supplemented by practical experience in the field.
Course work is supplemented by site trips to Eastern Europe.
Course work is supplemented by site trips to Strasbourg, Brussels, and Eastern Europe.
Course work is supplemented with research work in the student's specialized area of interest.
Course work is tailored to meet the needs of each student.
Course work is tailored to the student's background and requirements.
Course work is tailored to the students individual needs, goals, and interests.
Course work is tailored to the student's individual needs, goals, and interests.
Course work is taken for academic credit, and all rules and regulations for graduate students apply.
Course work is taken for undergraduate credit.
Course work is taken in the final year of specialization.
Course work is taken online and there is no requirement to come to campus.
Course work is taught using multiple teaching methods.
Course work is team-oriented.
Course work is to be completed within five years.
Course work is transferred as if it had been taken at Ottawa.
Course work is usually complete in the first three semesters.
Course work is usually for personal, professional, or educational enrichment only.
Course work is very compressed and intensive.
Course work leading to Connecticut teacher certification in physical education is also available.
Course work leads the student to a thorough understanding of the sciences as related to optometry.
Course work leads toward a diploma in pastoral ministries or Christian leadership.
Course work means little without real life experience to back it up.
Course work meets state licensure and certification requirements.
Course work offers a choice of classes in drawing, painting, visual literacy and art history.
Course work performed in the social, physical or life sciences is req.
Course work prepares the student for a nonformal education career in natural history.
Course work provides a broad exposure to the liberal arts and sciences as well.
Course work provides a foundation of knowledge about the discipline.
Course work provides knowledge of nursing theory, ethics, research and family health.
Course work provides students with a thorough grounding in the natural sciences and mathematics.
Course work provides the necessary foundation for applied clinical practice.
Course work ranges from computer design to communications systems to controls and integration.
Course work required for each field is available in the department office.
Course work required for the major is specified below in Curriculum for Majors.
Course work requires lab in the field.
Course work requires the use of current computer software and computer presentation systems.
Course work stresses critical thinking, problem-solving, and managerial skills.
Course work stresses oral and written communication.
Course work stresses practical application or programming.
Course work supports two of the three tracks in the interdisciplinary major in biology.
Course work taken at the Hattiesburg and Gulf Park campuses is considered as campus work.
Course work taken in Austin often includes supporting work in other natural science departments.
Course work takes approximately two years to complete.
Course work varies from short exercises and quizzes to presentations, papers, and exams.
All course work carries degree credit.
All course work carries transferable college credit.
All course work has to be done individually.
All course work is available in a combination of distance education and summer classes.
All course work is college transferable.
All course work is completed on campus during the four week session.
All course work is conducted at the upper division level.
All course work is coordinated between the student and instructor.
All course work is creditable toward high school graduation requirements.
All course work is delivered via computer interactive video.
All course work is directly applicable to real work situations.
All course work is done by the student.
All course work is done on the computer.
All course work is due regardless of class attendance.
All course work is elective but is subject to requirements for breadth, depth, and level.
All course work is graded according to a unified grading system as shown in the following chart.
All course work is included.
All course work is normally due by the last day of examinations for the semester.
All course work is offered locally.
All course work is presented online.
All course work is self-directed.
All course work is subject to continuous assessment and there are no formal, written examinations.
All course work is subject to scrutiny against past papers and other materials for irregularities.
All course work is taught in Spanish.
All course work is taught in the target language.
All course work is taught on weekends or in the late afternoon or evening.
All course work is to be completed before student teaching.
All course work is to be completed by the last week of the semester.
All course work is to be completed by the student to whom it is assigned.
All course work is to be completed in each unit before moving on to the next unit.
All course work is to be completed within one year of the date of enrollment.
All course work is to be completed within the semester it is attempted.
All course work is to be conducted within the letter and spirit of the Code of Student Conduct .
All course work is to be graded.
All course work is to be undertaken on a part-time basis only.
All course work is updated to include the latest pronouncements of the various rule- making bodies.
All course work requires the prior approval of a computer engineering faculty member.
All course work takes place online, therefore there are no on campus requirements.
All course work takes place over the Internet, and the program emphasizes information management.
Most course work is also transferable.
Most course work is at the advanced level.
Most course work is completed by the end of the second year of the program.
Most course work is completed in the first year.
Most course work is conducted in lecture format.
Most course work is in the field.
Most course work is offered in the late afternoon and evening with the exception of summer semester.
Much course work is done via the internet.
Some course work is also available in various cooperating departments.
Some course work is available during the school day.
Some course work is available through correspondence study.
Some course work is placed on the network by various departments.
A course is education
Course accommodates the experience, knowledge and skills acquired in previous game training.
Course accounts terminate one week after the last day of final exams.
Course addresses all grade levels.
Course addresses chemical use, abuse and addiction within the school setting.
Course addresses input-output and color issues as required for multimedia.
Course addresses integration of social work theory, practice, policy, and research.
Course addresses knowledge of scientific method.
Course addresses logic of research design and execution for students.
Course addresses potential for uncertainty in scientific inquiry.
Course addresses pronunciation problems of non-native speakers of English.
Course addresses reading difficulties of non-native speakers of English.
Course addresses relationships between old and new media technologies.
Course addresses special topics in marketing with current managerial relevance.
Course addresses specific subjects and issues as identified by department.
Course addresses strategies for creating customer values and trends in customer behavior.
Course addresses the major professional nursing concerns in the field of cancer nursing.
Course aims and methods.
Course aims at improving students' language proficiency and familiarity with German civilization.
Course aims at improving students' language proficiency and familiarity with German literature.
Course aims to disambiguate the processes of communication, speech, nonverbal language and culture.
Course ajoins Harbour area.
Course allows opportunities for laboratory experiences.
Course allows soft spikes only.
Course allows students the opportunity to perform independent research in materials.
Course allows students to implement the theories and methods of treatment in a correctional setting.
Course also addresses equipment, etiquette, rules, safety, and terminology.
Course also addresses equipment, etiquette, safety, and terminology.
Course also addresses signage development, prop construction, showroom design and layout.
Course also complements the biology and chemistry learned in studying the origin of life.
Course also comprises notions of self-discovery.
Course also considers role of evolution in the origin and maintenance of male-female differences.
Course also covers basic military map reading skills.
Course also covers basic ten-key calculator operation and speedbuilding.
Course also covers cokes and coal, use of forge tools, and care of the forge, tools and anvil.
Course also covers crisis intervention, community psychology and forensic psychology.
Course also covers demand and supply-side energy planning issues.
Course also covers design basics.
Course also covers detecting stress and applying rescue techniques in open-water situations.
Course also covers equipment operation, on-camera performance, editing and group work.
Course also covers ethnic diversity issues, as well as case conceptualization.
Course also covers seamanship, shiphandling, and human resource management.
Course also covers tabs, shortcut keys, and stylesheets.
Course also covers theory and practice of management of compensation and benefits in organizations.
Course also develops themes in the history of the West and U.S. immigrant history.
Course also discusses development and design issues when digitizing video.
Course also discusses professional practice issues.
Course also emphasizes medical and legal terminology.
Course also emphasizes written and oral engineering communications.
Course also examines the nature, history, and causes of Quaternary glaciation.
Course also examines ways to budget, account and report disbursements.
Course also explains some common diseases that affect the systems of the body.
Course also explores ethical principles of social service work.
Course also explores moral and ethical conduct and social responsibility.
Course also has an on-site golf pro.
Course also helps students improve their own writing, revising and reading skills.
Course also identifies key resources for faculty and students.
Course also includes a comparison of Japanese and American organizational theories.
Course also includes a fit-testing workshop.
Course also includes a job shadow and a section of public health dentistry, and radiology training.
Course also includes an examination of business ethics.
Course also includes an overview of communication theory as it applies to oral presentations.
Course also includes automotive graphics for commercial trucks and boats.
Course also includes database design tips and an advanced code template.
Course also includes decorating a page with special features.
Course also includes discussion of the theory and application of diagnostic statistical tests.
Course also includes exercises developing isolation of body movement and body strength.
Course also includes information on diagnosis and service, cleaning, and inspection.
Course also includes legal documents encountered in a medical office.
Course also includes principles for effectively combining people, procedures, and equipment.
Course also includes review and refinement of grammar and is conducted entirely in French.
Course also includes significant emphasis on economic philosophy and language theory.
Course also includes some use of a microcomputer.
Course also includes specific types of photography including landscape, portraiture and photo essay.
Course also includes the study of contemporary standards of grammar and usage.
Course also includes three hours of didactic lecture material.
Course also includes training in public speaking.
Course also includes writing resources and cover letters, and job search techniques.
Course also introduces sign variations such as regional and ethnic variations.
Course also introduces the French culture.
Course also introduces yoga and breathing techniques for a home-based practice.
Course also involves equipment operation, performance techniques and group work.
Course also involves personal training and video analysis.
Course also looks at social and cultural factors in alcoholism and drug abuse.
Course also offers an overview of the comic book industry and comic art as a career.
Course also provides a condensed introduction to computer science and to the Internet.
Course also provides students with the opportunity for consistent critique of their screenwriting.
Course also requires consent of the instructor.
Course also serves as a method of assessment for majors.
Course also teaches students how to write a research paper.
Course analyzes contemporary and future issues involving the professional nurse.
Course analyzes symbol codes as learned and interpreted messages.
Course appears to be mainly dirt roads.
Course applies principles of managerial planning to information systems.
Course applies the concepts of solid state physics to electronic devices.
Course applies theory and research to examine selected legal processes, institutions, and actors.
Course applies to all property types.
Course applies to the artist as a craftsperson in the professional field.
Course approach to international strategic management for private and government enterprises.
Course appropriately recognizes scholarship on the significance of women and gender.
Course are available for complete beginners through to experienced skiers and windsurfers.
Course are available for everything from Aerospace to Zoology.
Course are in English and are held evenings and weekends.
Course are subject to change due to enrollment or staffing.
Course arrangements Individual supervision of the project.
Course assignments A series of ten brief assignments are to be completed by all students.
Course assignments Regular participation in the seminar is required.
Course assumes a basic understanding of matrix algebra.
Course assumes a familiarity with basic statistics and use of PCs.
Course assumes confidence with the basics of Excel.
Course assumes little prior statistics knowledge.
Course assumes no previous knowledge of electronics and prepares the student for further study.
Course assumes programming experience.
Course assumes student demonstrates touch typing.
Course assumes students have a comprehension of complex modeling, mapping, and lighting.
Course assumes students know the basics of fiction.
Course assumes that student has no prior knowledge of computer programming.
Course assumes that students have had no prior formal training.
Course assumes that the student has had little or no prior experience with the photographic medium.
Course begin for all levels on the following dates.
Course begins following last affiliation and continues for four weeks.
Course begins in addition and subtraction of whole numbers and progresses up to pre-algebra.
Course begins two weeks prior to the opening of the semester.
Course begins with a presentation of basic statistical terminology applicable to all projects.
Course begins with a review of some traditional theories of ethics.
Course begins with basic concepts of art and anthropology.
Course bend upon any straw either shout alcoholism teenager.
Course booklets with lecture notes provide information about the scope of lectures.
Course broadens historical awareness and provides practical applications of historical knowledge.
Course builds on fundamenetal knowledge of invertebrate paleontology.
Course call no.
Course Call No.
Course call numbers change quarterly .
Course can apply toward a graduate degree.
Course can be on one or two day schedule.
Course can count for literature as well as philosophy credit.
Course can train ambulance driver to become an emergency medical technician.
Course can use design competitions as projects.
Course carries normal undergraduate grade type.
Course combines a review of grammar skills and written essay.
Course combines cla ssroom and independent study.
Course combines classroom meetings, internet activities and arranged components.
Course combines hills, trees and small greens demanding accurate shots.
Course combines lecture and hands-on experiences.
Course combines lecture and hands-on use of computers.
Course combines lecture, discussion and lab experiences.
Course combines lecture, discussion, and presentations by guest speakers.
Course combines on-campus instruction with observation in participating organizations.
Course comes with teacher's guide and detailed lesson plans.
Course compares rural older adults to their urban metropolitan counterparts.
Course compiling using the control points defined earlier is the next step to be taken.
Course comprises three lessons teaching greetings, basic verbs and vocabulary, and sentences.
Course concentrates on basic combinations in the rhythm, jazz tap style.
Course concentrates on fundamental writing techniques for mass media.
Course concentrates on new technologies.
Course concentrates on one complete work.
Course concentrates on one of any number of important issues within the field of human sexuality.
Course concentrates on the applicability of advanced ecological theory to biological populations.
Course concentrates on the integration of media and materials in lesson planning.
Course concentrates on the teaching of literature and language.
Course concerns the planning, organizing, controlling, and directing of a small business firm.
Course concludes by applying the principles of diet modifications to the treatment of disease.
Course concludes clinical experiences required to write national registry examination.
Course concludes with a four-week major project.
Course concludes with a panel discussion.
Course concludes with a short novel.
Course concludes with a study of offensive operations.
Course concludes with an examination of the transformation of Europe to the modern age.
Course concludes with an in-depth analysis of human posture and gait patterns.
Course concludes with an optional regatta.
Course concludes with an overview of recent advances in plant biotechnology.
Course concludes with cadet presentation of professional knowledge subjects.
Course concludes with individual translation project on topic chosen by student.
Course concludes with oral poetry recitations by students.
Course concludes with the creation of a firewall rule summary for the firewalls.
Course concludes with the study of military justice and the law of war.
Course considers evolution as a biological as well as cultural concept.
Course considers important movements and figures.
Course considers Portuguese, Spanish, British, French, and Dutch colonization.
Course considers risks to employees, facilities, production, market position, and the environment.
Course considers the business and social aspects of problems under consideration.
Course considers the impact of gendered relations on crime and justice.
Course consist of lecture and hands-on lab instruction at a ratio of about one to two.
Course consist of six daily classes being taught once a week for six consecutive weeks.
Course consists largely of directed listening to a broad range of musical ideas.
Course consists of a broad spectrum of fitness exercises to music.
Course consists of a classroom and clinical component.
Course consists of a required two-week field trip, followed by an inclusive report and examination.
Course consists of all the dual and solo flight hours required for private pilot certification.
Course consists of an application of quantitative techniques for management decisions.
Course consists of both classroom and laboratory sessions.
Course consists of both lecture and recitation sections.
Course consists of class discussion and special projects.
Course consists of classroom instruction and practical application in outdoor environments.
Course consists of diskettes, videotapes and a members-only web site.
Course consists of field trips to coastal and underwater sites around the island.
Course consists of individualized weight training programs.
Course consists of instruction, practical workshops, and discussions.
Course consists of intensive studio work, individual and group critiques and individual research.
Course consists of lecture and hands-on instruction.
Course consists of lecture, demonstrations and hands-on experience.
Course consists of lectures and laboratory sessions.
Course consists of lectures, class demonstrations, and Class participation .
Course consists of lectures, discussions, case analyses, and in class exercises.
Course consists of lectures, discussions, case analyses, and in-class exercises.
Course consists of lectures, recitations, and laboratory.
Course consists of lectures, tutorials, and laboratory.
Course consists of many of the classical methods used in investigating the action of drugs.
Course consists of ministry experience in a congregation, agency, or other institution.
Course consists of one hour lecture and two two-hour labs.
Course consists of one hour lecture, critiques, and two two-hour labs.
Course consists of one three-hour leadership laboratory per week.
Course consists of patient treatment in the clinic.
Course consists of rehearsal and performance of short plays or cuttings from longer scripts.
Course consists of required readings, screenings, and active class participation.
Course consists of reserve engineering, presystems modeling and interfacing systems to reserves.
Course consists of six modules, nine hours each.
Course consists of some lecture, demonstrations and hands-on experience.
Course consists of theory development and empirical testing with statistical models.
Course consists of three hours lecture, which includes field trips to local manufacturing plants.
Course consists of three hours of lecture and a two-hour lab.
Course consists of three weeks of one-hour lessons and nine weeks of league play.
Course consists of two cassettes and a textbook.
Course consists of two hours lecture and three hours lab.
Course consists of two hours lecture and three hours laboratory experiments.
Course consists of two hours lecture and three hours laboratory.
Course consists of two hours of lecture and weekly labs.
Course consists of understanding rhythm, musicality, and style.
Course consists primarily of a series of challenging cases in auditing and systems.
Course contains a portfolio project.
Course contains a service component.
Course contains a significant research component.
Course contains a substantial writing component.
Course contains production crew requirement.
Course contains rolling fairways with tricky greens, large bunkers and water on eight holes.
Course contains simulations, practice exams, and a digital video.
Course contains strong writing component.
Course contenrwill vary from semes ter to semester.
Course contents Introduction to computers and computer usage .
Course continues to be monitored through focus group activities.
Course continues to develop students' ability to read, write, speak and comprehend German.
Course continues to develop students' ability to read, write, speak and comprehend Spanish.
Course continues weekends through early season.
Course continues work on grammatical structures necessary for effective communication.
Course contributes to the disciplinary breadth requirement for humanities.
Course counts as elective only.
Course counts toward the degree as elective credit.
Course counts toward the three- credit multicultural requirement.
Course counts toward the three-credit multicultural requirement.
Course covers a major industry software program designed to offer the basics in digital imaging.
Course covers accounts receivables and payables, inventory, job entry, and general journal entries.
Course covers acetylene and electric welding, theory, and applied work skills.
Course covers advanced seamanship, weather, engineering and safety.
Course covers all pertinent phases of individual federal income tax.
Course covers alphabets keys, number keys,and symbols keys.
Course covers architectural, plumbing, structural mechanical, electrical, and plot plans.
Course covers basic principles of neurophysiology, neuroanatomy, neuropharmacology.
Course covers basic theory of psychological assessment.
Course covers boom supported, scissor and articulating aerial lift types.
Course covers both communications view of cartography and analytical approach.
Course covers both planned programs of community change and general community organizing.
Course covers both visual communication techniques and basic design and aesthetic concepts.
Course covers braking, accelerating, turning, body movement and starts.
Course covers braking, cornering, body position, body movement and accelerating.
Course covers brazing, oxyacetylene, stick and wire applications.
Course covers cable soldering techniques and fabrication.
Course covers cognitive, emotional, physical, social and spiritual growth during childhood.
Course covers color film and process options, light color theory, and color print enlarging.
Course covers computer literacy topics in depth.
Course covers concepts of disease, types, management, ecology, epidemiology, and identification.
Course covers continuous and discrete event simulation as an analytical tool.
Course covers creating, editing, and using a database table.
Course covers cultural, political, economic, and social developments in Britain.
Course covers cultural, political, economic, and social developments in modern Britain.
Course covers current California appraisal techniques and standards.
Course covers design and drafting for commercial structures.
Course covers development from the time of conception until the end of life.
Course covers developmental theory and research in aging.
Course covers divorce options and provides an overview of the dissolution process.
Course covers document editing and formatting, printing, text enhancement, and more.
Course covers drowning, choking and unconsciousness.
Course covers early Germanic and Celtic art, Carolingian and Ottonian periods.
Course covers ecosystems, energy, and human impact.
Course covers e-mail, Internet terms, web browsing and downloading information.
Course covers emergency preparedness, emergency response, and survival training.
Course covers exercise design, presentation, and evaluation for testing a community s disaster plan.
Course covers financial and managerial accounting issues that confront economic entities.
Course covers fundamental skills, several popular tricks, prop tricks, prompt-fading and proofing.
Course covers fundamentals of alternative energy for the individual home owner.
Course covers fundamentals of astronomy and earth science.
Course covers fundamentals of mathematics, including basic arithmetic and measurement.
Course covers good surface treatments on paved and unpaved roads.
Course covers grammar, composition, conversation.
Course covers graphics, sorting, various file processing techniques.
Course covers hardware and software applications.
Course covers historical, cultural and aesthetic foundations of photography.
Course covers history, construction, design, coloration, buying, care, and cleaning.
Course covers History, content, and evolution of the solar system and nearby stars.
Course covers human physiology for non-majors and health science students.
Course covers identification, assessment, and intervention.
Course covers implementation.
Course covers information on physics, physiology, medicine, and environment.
Course covers installation, configuration and administration in detail.
Course covers Internet research and web site development.
Course covers interviewing, formal research and computer-assissted informaation gathering.
Course covers interviewing, formal research and computer-assisted information gathering.
Course covers introduction to genetics and cytogenetics.
Course covers job order and process cost systems using actual or standard costs.
Course covers language related to survival and social situation needs.
Course covers large format cameras and the use of studio lighting equipment.
Course covers major sports such as basketball, baseball, football, etc.
Course covers medical and trauma emergency care and transportation.
Course covers negative and positive films and negative print processing.
Course covers network installation, setup and operation.
Course covers new or time-sensitive topics in entrepreneurship.
Course covers officiating mechanics and game rules for football, basketball, baseball, and softball.
Course covers old age, animal, character, horror, and corrective makeup, as well as beards.
Course covers one year of coursework in a summer session.
Course covers partnerships and an introduction to principles of corporate accounting procedures.
Course covers practical concepts of equine marketing.
Course covers pre-Columbian history to the present day.
Course covers preschool through old age.
Course covers prevention, fitness, response, leadership and professionalism.
Course covers print and electronic media.
Course covers process, tools and techniques used in the analysis of business information systems.
Course covers process, tools, and techniques used in the analysis of business information systems.
Course covers program development, directing and production method.
Course covers relational database technology and focuses on design of database applications.
Course covers relaxation techniques, aromatherapy, nutrition, anti-oxidants, raw juices.
Course covers residential, commercial, business and professional properties.
Course covers scanning images, determining resolution, files size, and exporting files.
Course covers scenery construction, rigging, production organization, and theatre safety.
Course covers scope and responsibilities of professional members in various food-related careers.
Course covers sentence logic and the beginning of quantifier logic.
Course covers silviculture, ,silvics, wildlife habitat, tree defects and vigour, operational needs.
Course covers small unit tactics, patrolling, leadership, communications, and navigation.
Course covers social and medical models and theories of disability and handicap.
Course covers social, ethical, and legal issues related to public relations.
Course covers status of the deaf population as a linguistic and cultural minority group.
Course covers structure, formatting, image and presentation.
Course covers student's program terminology and business communications.
Course covers successful sales tools and realistic situations.
Course covers system and component operation and diagnosis of the engine management system.
Course covers systemic human anatomy with correlated lectures and demonstrations.
Course covers terminology, basic steps, history, and style.
Course covers terms and definitions of pattern design.
Course covers the basic concepts of finite mathematics and mathematics of finance.
Course covers the basic functioning of the GPS and common error corrections.
Course covers the basic materials of music, musical forms, media, genres and musical periods.
Course covers the basic principles of experimental design and case study construction.
Course covers the basic principles of public policy making in health care and public health.
Course covers the broad issues involved in comprehensive emergency management at the local level.
Course covers the development and use of truth-maintenance and constraint systems.
Course covers the features and benefits of network software.
Course covers the Federal taxation of partners and partnerships.
Course covers the interaction of the U.S. tax system with foreign tax systems.
Course covers the issues of ethics, competence and confidentiality.
Course covers the major developments of the French novel throughout the nineteenth century.
Course covers the major inferential statistical techniques common to the behavioral sciences.
Course covers the major inferential statistics techniques common to the behavioral sciences.
Course covers the planning, production and service of meals in specialized settings.
Course covers the preparation of substrata, and final finishing using automotive urethane finishes.
Course covers the psychology of color.
Course covers the spectrum of natural disasters prevalent in Florida, past, present, and future.
Course covers the technical and creative aspects of the television production process.
Course covers the whole of human prehistory around the world.
Course covers theory, diagrams, pressure and ratio calculations, and work and power principles.
Course covers theory, methodological issues, and relationship between theory and practice.
Course covers tool usage, menus, and organization.
Course covers tools and features descriptions and usage.
Course covers use of Internet and other on-line resources.
Course covers what to do after a problem has been found.
Course covers wide area network topologies, bridges, routers, leased lines, and software.
Course crosses a railroad track.
Course culminates in a paper describing techniques learned.
Course culminates in a performance for public viewing.
Course culminates in a substantial research project.
Course culminates in student planning, conducting and interpreting a reserch study.
Course culminates in the presentation of a worship service utilizing technology.
Course culminates in the public presentation of a short dramatic performance.
Course culminates with a large-scale group experiential learning project conducted in the field.
Course culminates with an open mic session.
Course culminates with students preparing integrated marketing plans for local clients.
Course culminates with the compilation and formal presentation of a marketing plan.
Course dates l.
Course dates To be announced.
Course deals with all phases of retailing.
Course deals with describing the family and the home.
Course deals with individualized laboratory experience.
Course deals with practical and ethical issues in interpreting.
Course deals with rescue from passenger train coaches.
Course deals with rescue from school and commercial buses.
Course deals with skills needed beyond school.
Course deals with system component operation to current market systems service.
Course deals with the effective organizations of recreation systems.
Course deals with the methods the archaeologist uses to view the world of the past.
Course delineates anisotropic interaction of liquid crystals with applied electromagnetic fields.
Course demonstrates basics of converting video to digital format.
Course depends partly on cancer origin.
Course depends upon needs and interest of the student and upon the number of credit hours.
Course describes and demonstrates the dynamic decision-making process of portfolio management.
Course describes way art and politics put world back together or escape from it.
Course descriptions All courses are taught in English by the faculty of the graduate school.
Course designed for students interested in competitive individual and team play.
Course designed for women by women provides personalized sailing and self-awareness instruction.
Course designs that allow students to share in setting and achieving high standards.
Course develops a new direction.
Course develops appreciation of scope and limitations of scientific capability.
Course develops basic skills needed in the kitchen.
Course develops basic skills of character acting.
Course develops business writing and group work skills.
Course develops frameworks for understanding the structure and processes of complex organizations.
Course develops skills in using assessment methodology to enhance teaching.
Course develops the foundations of geometric methods for statistics.
Course differs each semester.
Course discusses advanced topics and research issues in operating systems.
Course discusses existing and future security programs, systems, and equipment.
Course discusses marital and family relationship in different societies.
Course discusses parenting styles and the parent-child relationships.
Course discusses recent case law concerning laws of arrest, search, and seizure.
Course discusses specific issues pertaining to negligent training and training supervision.
Course discusses student activity reporting and management.
Course discusses the college experience and the skills needed to succeed in college.
Course discusses the emerging aesthetic of computer-based interactive multimedia.
Course distances depends on the age category of the entrant.
Course does receive honors' weighted grade points.
Course does require computer access.
Course drains beautifully, even after heavy rains.
Course draws on communication literature and related principles of management.
Course drops deadline.
Course emphasises both substantive norms and teaching methods.
Course emphasizes a practical approach whereby students solve real problems in an applied setting.
Course emphasizes a structured approach to problem definition and resolution.
Course emphasizes analysis methodologies.
Course emphasizes analytical techniques.
Course emphasizes application to physical problems.
Course emphasizes applications and current topics in semiconductors, optics and magnetism.
Course emphasizes class discussion and group work.
Course emphasizes cognition-motivation link.
Course emphasizes culture and civilization.
Course emphasizes decision-making.
Course emphasizes deliberation in classroom forums.
Course emphasizes design aspects using electronic design software.
Course emphasizes development of conversational skills.
Course emphasizes development of problem-solving and decision making skills.
Course emphasizes diagnosis, troubleshooting and repair.
Course emphasizes ear training, sightsinging and keyboard skills.
Course emphasizes effective oral and written communication skills.
Course emphasizes employment of the ballistic shield in conventional and unconventional ways.
Course emphasizes extensive bibliographic knowledge of the field.
Course emphasizes extensive revision and in-class critique.
Course emphasizes first aid, land navigation, shelters, traps and snares, and water procurement.
Course emphasizes formal written and speaking skills in preparation for degree work at university.
Course emphasizes getting data into spreadsheet, storing, printing spreadsheets.
Course emphasizes hands-on lab and project work.
Course emphasizes hands-on projects.
Course emphasizes hands-on training and practice.
Course emphasizes hot wire, hot film, and laser anemometry.
Course emphasizes individual responsibility for design and implementation of television projects.
Course emphasizes integration of somatic and other clinical approaches.
Course emphasizes interactivity and ends with performance.
Course emphasizes listening to jazz, understanding how it evolved, and how it works.
Course emphasizes material development by logic and lecture demonstrations.
Course emphasizes media's impact upon society.
Course emphasizes medical terminology and forms for ten individual medical specialties.
Course emphasizes methods for working with parents and parent groups.
Course emphasizes patient assessment and critical thinking skills.
Course emphasizes physical and mental skills used in the martial arts.
Course emphasizes physical and mental skills utilized in judo training.
Course emphasizes physical and mental skills utilized in the judo training.
Course emphasizes physical and mental skills utilized in the martial arts.
Course emphasizes reading skills, grammar and vocabulary enhancement, and background of texts read.
Course emphasizes refinement of drawing skills and in-depth concentration on composition.
Course emphasizes sight reading, vocabulary-building, and research skills.
Course emphasizes situational exercises.
Course emphasizes solving problems related to management of fish and wildlife.
Course emphasizes the design and production of video materials in education and industry.
Course emphasizes the effective use of audio, video and graphics in presentations.
Course emphasizes the fundamentals of grip, stance, and swing in addition to etiquette and rules.
Course emphasizes the interaction of Earth processes and features as a global system.
Course emphasizes the interaction of the Earth's processes and features as a global system.
Course emphasizes the mastery of basic scientific principles and concepts.
Course emphasizes the relationship between technological development and ideology.
Course emphasizes the study of physical activity.
Course emphasizes the use of accounting information for business and society.
Course emphasizes the use of the computer as a tool in oceanography problem-solving.
Course emphasizes theatre terminology and develops a working vocabulary.
Course emphasizes thoughtful and responsible use of sources.
Course emphasizes using standard English grammar in writing paragraphs and short essays.
Course emphasizes using standard English grammar in writing short essays.
Course emphasizes wetlands functions and values in an ecosystem perspective.
Course employs a multi-mediated approach to learning.
Course employs a PC platform.
Course employs both readings and the use of imagery.
Course employs case analysis and team projects.
Course employs extensive use of case studies in application and practice of course content.
Course enables students to cope more effectively with reading requirements in other courses.
Course enables students to extract and adopt principles applicable to parenting.
Course encompasses the principal classes of drugs.
Course entails both class work and physical activity.
Course entails lectures and pool sessions.
Course entails lectures, demonstration, and lab practice of sound production and transmission.
Course entails lectures, pool sessions, and a minimum of two weekends of diving.
Course entails visits to a variety of social agencies.
Course entails volunteer experience in a social service agency.
Course equates completion is on schedule.
Course evaluates ethical bases underlying environmental justice frameworks.
Course evolves from painting seascapes to outoor scenes.
Course examines common protocols.
Course examines concepts of team building and leadership which are critical to managerial success.
Course examines conflict as an omnipresent component of any decision-making environment.
Course examines current theoretical issues in the field of hunter-gatherer archaeology.
Course examines dynamic character of Constitutional interpretation in our nation's history.
Course examines gender in contemporary U.S. social relations andglobal structures.
Course examines how one's own understanding of the artistic process guides classroom practice.
Course examines major developments in French poetry and theatre throughout the twentieth century.
Course examines professional and graduate opportunities in geography.
Course examines public policy in terms of rationale, content, and consequences.
Course examines the basic forms and processes that characterize modern society and culture.
Course examines the changing land use and functions of metropolitan regions.
Course examines the civil laws applicable to husband, wife, parent and child.
Course examines the economic aspects of pollution problems.
Course examines the history of colonialism and post-colonialism in anthropological perspective.
Course examines the impact of gender on categories of moral virtue and ethical agency.
Course examines the important concepts and topics in environmental studies.
Course examines the internal organization and management of health-care facilities.
Course examines the management, structure and organizational design of correctional institutions.
Course examines the nature of healthcare data, information, and knowledge.
Course examines the process of urbanization historically and comparatively.
Course examines the role of communication in successful social movements.
Course examines the roots of the novel in a historical and cultural context.
Course examines women as prisoners, as victims, as lawyers, advocates, and law enforcement officers.
Course exercise two .
Course exercises focus on basic issues of line, contour, gesture, value, light, and perspective.
Course expands the boundaries of image-making in still life, nature and human relationships.
Course expands the notion of body-image to include the possibilities of such movement.
Course expands upon freehand drawing skills.
Course explains components and symbols, block, logic and wiring diagrams.
Course explains department's assessment procedures and administers required exams and interviews.
Course explores appellate motion practice such as interlocutory appeals and certiorari proceedings.
Course explores contemporary feminist legal theory and critical race theory.
Course explores descriptions, causes, and treatment of psychological disorders.
Course explores language arts, math, science, social sciences and classroom management.
Course explores lifestyle wellness and preventive medicine concepts and practices.
Course explores media as institutions in American society.
Course explores social and cultural influences on aging.
Course explores such genres as the short story, poetry, and essay.
Course explores techniques which expand an organization's capacity to create the future.
Course explores the ethnic recipes and menus of Italy.
Course explores the influence of culture on nonverbal communication.
Course explores the intersections of science, technology, and democracy.
Course explores the techniques and media used to influence special publics including the news media.
Course explores underlying political dimensions of topical issues.
Course facilitates application of theory to practice of teaching in community colleges.
Course features a one-day field exercise demonstrating fall protection equipment.
Course features a very unique nature oriented layout, quite beautiful, very, verychallenging.
Course features advanced work on language structure and active language practice in the classroom.
Course features demonstrations and hands-on exercises using various types of welding equipment.
Course features driving range, pro shop, gas carts and full service tavern.
Course features hands-on training with explosion meters, oxygen meters, and other test equipment.
Course features hands-on training.
Course features many classroom demonstratrations.
Course features several short steep climbs and a twisty descent.
Course features tennis courts, pro-shop, putting green, chipping area and practice bunker.
Course features wide, wall to wall green fairways and large undulating greens.
Course features workshops on permit entry classification and program evaluation.
Course fits well into an anthropology or communication concentration.
Course fits well into anthropology or communication concentration.
Course focus on communication, grammar and civilization.
Course focus reflective of class needs and interests.
Course focus The course focuses on selected topics relevant to industrial technology.
Course focuses on advanced news reporting and writing and includes study of interviewing techniques.
Course focuses on applying epidemiology study designs to nutrition variables and chronic disease.
Course focuses on communication within and between organizations.
Course focuses on comparative aspects of animal and plant physiology.
Course focuses on comprehensive health, functional, and family assessments.
Course focuses on computer science aspects of animation.
Course focuses on contemporary leadership theories.
Course focuses on critical thinking in preparation for writing as well as the writing process.
Course focuses on design and documentation of electronic circuit schematics.
Course focuses on disabled individuals with implications for teaching motor activities.
Course focuses on discrimination, validation, and utilization of Web-based information.
Course focuses on environmental issues in the Great Lakes region.
Course focuses on filmless, chemicaless photographic skills for educational settings.
Course focuses on generating hypotheses and using deductive reasoning to test hypotheses.
Course focuses on how communication is used to build and sustain interpersonal relationships.
Course focuses on how crime in our society is related to the collective aspects of human life.
Course focuses on how to incorporate ecological knowledge into resource management efforts.
Course focuses on how to select and use a digital camera.
Course focuses on human interaction or how individuals affect and are affected by others.
Course focuses on identifying and specifying causal relations.
Course focuses on increasing self-awareness and coping with changes during one's life span.
Course focuses on information systems in the management of hospitality and dietetics operations.
Course focuses on information systems in the management of hospitality operations.
Course focuses on investment goals, alternatives, information, process and portfolio management.
Course focuses on language acquisition and development.
Course focuses on language, identity and nationalism in contemporary societies.
Course focuses on major current theoretical issues.
Course focuses on management and leadership of health and human services organizations.
Course focuses on normal health status as a basis for determining deviations from the normal.
Course focuses on operational problems facing the international firm.
Course focuses on persuasion theory, research, and ethics.
Course focuses on principles and their application .
Course focuses on professional leadership of highly adventurous wilderness trips.
Course focuses on providing an overview of biofeedback theory, techniques, and applications.
Course focuses on providing students with an introduction to the field of marketing research.
Course focuses on starting and managing a brokerage business.
Course focuses on strategies to assist gifted learners in school and home environments.
Course focuses on strategies to enhance the firm's ability to compete on a global basis.
Course focuses on the cellular and molecular levels of the immune system in health and disease.
Course focuses on the commonalities of acute care.
Course focuses on the current theories and practices of using technology in teaching and learning.
Course focuses on the design, implementation, and leadership of adventure activities and programs.
Course focuses on the development of skills necessary for the practicing theatre artist.
Course focuses on the interrelationship between food production, hunger, and population growth.
Course focuses on the nutritional needs of children up to five years of age.
Course focuses on the organizational concerns in athletic coaching and administration.
Course focuses on the practical application of system concepts to accounting practice.
Course focuses on the real world of California real estate practices.
Course focuses on the specialized needs of administrators, supervisors, and teachers.
Course focuses on the structural evolution of eastern New York as seen in field projects.
Course focuses on the use of statistical techniques in criminology.
Course focuses on the various legal components applicable to security personnel.
Course focuses on theories of child and youth development as they are applied in practice.
Course focuses on tools in field analysis.
Course focuses on understanding cultures and managing the differences for competitive advantage.
Course focuses primarily on film, television, advertising, and the press.
Course focuses primarily on scene study with an emphasis on actions, intentions and objectives.
Course focuses problem solving and statistics.
Course focuses upon appropriate problem-solving and critical thinking techniques.
Course focuses upon novels that explore the social and personal implications of sexism.
Course follows fashion item from the designer to the store rack.
Course follows historic district and downtown.
Course follows the developing person from conception until the end of life.
Course follows wood chip, grass, and dirt trails through colorful woodlands.
Course forms a basis for subsequent specialization in any of the subdisciplines of physiology.
Course fulfills general education requirement.
Course fulfills general education requirements .
Course fulfills general education requirements.
Course fulfills general requirement in literature for baccalaureate degree.
Course fulfills social sciences distribution requirement.
Course fulfills the general requirement in literature for baccalaureate degree.
Course fulfills the general requirement in literature for baccalaureate degrees.
Course fulfills the graduation requirement in writing proficiency.
Course fulfills the language and literature requirement.
Course fulfills the state requirement.
Course fulfills the Tennessee CPA requirements for a second course in auditing.
Course fulfils the state requirement.
Course gives equal weight to the history of Asia, Africa, the Americas, and Europe.
Course gives students practical experience in design and drafting of maps.
Course goes beyond basic first aid for hikers, sailors, paddlers.
Course goes beyond memorization of information and has an extensive use and application component.
Course grades About nine written assignments, mid-term exam, final exam.
Course grades About nine written assignments, one or two mid-term exams, final exam.
Course grading information goes here.
Course grading is based on papers and exams.
Course graduates to be directed as contacts to existing congregations or new works.
Course has a corequisite.
Course has a couple rolling hills, but primarily flat and fast.
Course has a few significant hills.
Course has a natural turf driving range and full-service clubhouse.
Course has a physiological orientation.
Course has a prerequisite.
Course has a required textbook.
Course has additional fees based on the size of the project.
Course has application to every working environment.
Course has beautiful view of Susquehanna River.
Course has biology prerequisite.
Course has college math prerequisite.
Course has deep bunkers, multi-level greens and elevation changes.
Course has details.
Course has multiple climbs, steep drops, and creek crossings.
Course has prerequisites.
Course has Right to pair up twosomes.
Course has small hills and goes through tunnel and overa bridge.
Course has some hills and a cart is recommended for the faint of heart.
Course has special requirements other than, or in addition to, examinations.
Course has two major objectives.
Course has unlimited expiration date.
Course have no prerequisites and no exams.
Course heavily emphasizes problem solving in business settings.
Course Help Help with academic courses.
Course helps freshmen .
Course helps students develop understanding of interaction of form in space.
Course helps students further develop fiction writing skills.
Course helps students further develop poetry writing skills.
Course helps students improve tonal quality and overall performance.
Course helps students to consider their options, and make effective career plans.
Course helps to develop Spanish language, vocabulary and pronunciation.
Course highlights the analysis of social policy and service delivery systems.
Course homepages to tutoring to administrative procedures for changing a class.
Course illustrates the usefulness of mathematics in scientific description and reasoning.
Course illustrates use of social and behavioral science perspectives and data.
Course immediately passes to the next signatory.
Course includes a brief history of the profession as well as famous practitioners and projects.
Course includes a brief review of materials before a written and skills test is given.
Course includes a brief review of the antique herbals in the museum's library collection.
Course includes a broader spectrum of design application other than engines.
Course includes a clinical laboratory experience.
Course includes a completion card good for two years.
Course includes a comprehensive fitness development experience.
Course includes a computer based laboratory.
Course includes a computer component.
Course includes a computerized practice set and spreadsheets.
Course includes a conceptual design project.
Course includes a demonstration and overview of each platform.
Course includes a design project and engineering lab with written and verbal reports.
Course includes a design project concerning an optical system or instrument.
Course includes a design project.
Course includes a discussion of biocompatibality and methods of assessment.
Course includes a discussion of the basic problems of patient motivation and education.
Course includes a discussion on the many types of cruise lines and why they are so popular.
Course includes a docent-guided tour of the exhibition.
Course includes a family systems emphasis.
Course includes a field episode individually designed for study and experience in school finance.
Course includes a field survey of desert conditions in Texas, New Mexico and Arizona.
Course includes a free practice diskette with examples from class.
Course includes a general written and practical exam.
Course includes a group term project.
Course includes a history of weaving, common terminology, and the structure of the loom.
Course includes a lab.
Course includes a Lab.
Course includes a laboratory component using computer cartographic software.
Course includes a laboratory component.
Course includes a laboratory experience.
Course includes a laboratory.
Course includes a major media project consisting of a research paper or media production.
Course includes a major software project implementing concepts learned.
Course includes a management simulation.
Course includes a mandatory portfolio review of all first-year art majors.
Course includes a mental health fieldwork experience.
Course includes a modest volunteer assignment.
Course includes a non-credit lab.
Course includes a one-day orienteering course that occurs on a weekend during the quarter.
Course includes a practical experience in research from formulation to presentation of issues.
Course includes a practice set and computerized spreadsheet.
Course includes a required three day field trip.
Course includes a required weekend retreat.
Course includes a research project and presentation.
Course includes a research project and written report.
Course includes a review of grammar, usage, punctuation, and mechanics.
Course includes a service requirement.
Course includes a significant research project and an oral presentation.
Course includes a six-week field trip.
Course includes a student-run discussion of solutions to environmental problems.
Course includes a study of common woods, tools and methods for shaping and finishing.
Course includes a study of educational practices that are effective in preventing school failure.
Course includes a study of media of visual expression, art history, aesthetic theory, and design.
Course includes a study of military ethics and professionalism.
Course includes a survey of language-related issues.
Course includes a technical evaluation and training sessions followed by league play.
Course includes a three-day field trip.
Course includes a video tape critique.
Course includes a videotaped introduction to the course by the instructor.
Course includes a weekly seminar.
Course includes academic brief, confined water training followed by an open water dive in the ocean.
Course includes additional ground instruction.
Course includes adequate solo flight practices and solo cross country flights.
Course includes advanced applications using graphics, charts, styles, tables and indexes.
Course includes advanced formatting features, tables, columns, outlines, merge, sort select.
Course includes advanced formatting, manuscripts and language arts.
Course includes agency visits.
Course includes all academic sessions, all in water sessions, certification fees, all equipment.
Course includes all aspects of design, development and documentation.
Course includes all book work, class, pool, dives and use of equipment.
Course includes all equipment, student materials, and certification processing fees.
Course includes all pre-requisite classes.
Course includes all theory to pass government written tests.
Course includes an applied project.
Course includes an appropriate written report on the work experience.
Course includes an assigned field problem involving geophysical techniques.
Course includes an early field experience.
Course includes an easy-reference manual.
Course includes an electronic discussion forum.
Course includes an evaluation.
Course includes an examination of the different system and methods of organizing data.
Course includes an exit oral proficiency interview.
Course includes an independent research project.
Course includes an integrated review of important concepts in intermediate algebra.
Course includes an international comparison of health-care systems.
Course includes an interpersonal group experience each week.
Course includes an introduction to Automatic External Defibrillation.
Course includes an introduction to labor relations, retention and departmental budgeting.
Course includes an introduction to orienteering.
Course includes an introduction to planning and assessment.
Course includes an introduction to the challenges of comparative study.
Course includes an introduction to the French culture.
Course includes an on-campus seminar meeting throughout the placement.
Course includes an overview of broadcast technology professionals.
Course includes an overview of electronic naviagational aids, charting, piloting, and more.
Course includes an overview of the components of a computer, business use, and information systems.
Course includes analysis of nonfiction markets and the submission of work for publication.
Course includes analysis of speech communication behavior.
Course includes analytical procedures, material analysis and result interpretation.
Course includes applications of differencial equations.
Course includes applications of operation research techniques.
Course includes arctic mountaineering, winter survival skills, and winter warfare skills.
Course includes art therapy and exceptional learner projects.
Course includes assignments.
Course includes attendance at pertinent plays in performance in Madrid.
Course includes attendance at weekly events, lecture-demonstrations, and performances.
Course includes aural skills lab.
Course includes basic architectural, mechanical, and structural type drawings.
Course includes basic food microbiology, methods of food born disease prevention and sanitation.
Course includes basic governmental accounting terminology and entry-level, practical applications.
Course includes basic program elements to include presentation design.
Course includes basic reading, performance skills and elementary theory.
Course includes basic theory and analysis of financial statements.
Course includes beginning levels.
Course includes bleeding control, injuries to muscles, bones, and joints, and sudden illness.
Course includes book work, class, pool and dives.
Course includes both aggressive and non-aggressive techniques.
Course includes both classroom instruction and laboratory practice.
Course includes both classroom sessions and weekend trips.
Course includes both didactic and experiential learning components.
Course includes both historical and practical instruction to foster individual skills.
Course includes both humanistic and social scientific approaches to human sociocultural diversity.
Course includes both humanistic and social scientific approaches to human socio-cultural diversity.
Course includes both humanistic and social scientific approaches to human sociolcultural diversity.
Course includes both independent research and lecture components.
Course includes both lecture and lab.
Course includes both studies of bacteriology and virology.
Course includes both theory and application of communication strategies in daily interactions.
Course includes breathing exercises, basic skills and strokes, conditioning, etc.
Course includes budgeting principles.
Course includes budgeting, advertising effectiveness studies, sales promotion, and public relations.
Course includes buying methods for domestic and international soft and hard goods.
Course includes calm water, whitewater practice, lunch and transportation.
Course includes carious disabilities.
Course includes case analysis and small group activities.
Course includes case studies and computer applications.
Course includes case studies in credit management.
Course includes case studies, guest speakers, and student presentations.
Course includes case studies.
Course includes caving trips.
Course includes central and peripheral nervous system dysfunction.
Course includes chemical bonding, electron structures, thermochemistry, stoichiometry and gas laws.
Course includes class discussion prior to and after the excursion.
Course includes classroom and clincal activities in a variety of settings.
Course includes classroom and clinical activities in a variety of settings.
Course includes classroom and clinical experiences in a variety of settings.
Course includes classroom and hands on training.
Course includes classroom and pool activities.
Course includes classroom lecture, simulated laboratory practice and actual clinical experience.
Course includes classroom presentations, field projects, field trips, and writing technical reports.
Course includes classroom projects, outdoor activities and fieldtrips.
Course includes client software requirements to view and use frame technology.
Course includes clinical experience .
Course includes competition at the community college level.
Course includes computer applications.
Course includes computer lab work.
Course includes computer-assisted demonstrations.
Course includes computerized approaches to network based decision making.
Course includes computerized legal research.
Course includes computerized procedures.
Course includes concepts and components, forms and Visual Basic code.
Course includes concepts in formulas and the chemical reactions of basic doughs, cakes, and batters.
Course includes concepts of safety and risk management.
Course includes contemporary music, videos and interactive computer programs.
Course includes course notes and workbook for exercises.
Course includes coverage of research literature.
Course includes critique of literature and preparation of research proposal.
Course includes cropping, sizing, highlighting color, bordering and many other features.
Course includes debates, discussions, and readings.
Course includes decision trees and more intermediate program features.
Course includes demonstration on how to connect to and move around in bulletin board services.
Course includes demonstrations and student projects to be undertaken outside scheduled class time.
Course includes demonstrations of physics principles as well as hands-on activities.
Course includes design of control systems and modification of laboratory hardware.
Course includes design of the initial client meeting and values clarification.
Course includes determining elevations and distances.
Course includes development of a resum and a professional portfolio.
Course includes development of intervention skills.
Course includes didactics as well as live clinical supervision of family therapy cases.
Course includes discussion of historical and cultural background.
Course includes discussion of the professional aspects of speech-language pathology and audiology.
Course includes discussions of selected diseases, including causes and treatments.
Course includes discussions on technological changes in communications and genetic engineering.
Course includes discussions with invited guests and presentations of work in progress.
Course includes discussions, readings, slide lectures, print viewing and more.
Course includes dress, accessories, hairstyle, and makeup.
Course includes editing, proofreading, and formatting of business letters, memorandums, and reports.
Course includes electronic mail management techniques.
Course includes elements of traditional capstone design classes.
Course includes environmental packaging case studies.
Course includes examination of the radio business and an introduction to sound technology.
Course includes examples of the genre through lectures, discussion and guest speakers.
Course includes examples, sample codes, etc.
Course includes exercises in selecting, analyzing, adapting, compiling, casting, and staging.
Course includes experiences in medical, surgical, mental health, and community settings.
Course includes experiences with elementary school children in physical education classes.
Course includes experiential practice of related managerial skills.
Course includes extensive composition practice.
Course includes extensive observation of birds in the field.
Course includes extensive use of scores and recording with written reports.
Course includes field based work.
Course includes field collection and computer modeling of geophysical data.
Course includes field experience as well as classroom seminars.
Course includes field experience consisting of observations in the public schools.
Course includes field experiences with prekindergarten children.
Course includes field studies.
Course includes field training, behind the wheel instruction and night driving.
Course includes field trip to area German markets and brewery.
Course includes field trips and guest speakers.
Course includes field trips and participation in cultural activities.
Course includes field trips to historic Boston and Newport.
Course includes field trips to local gardens.
Course includes field trips to local sales, horse shows and farms.
Course includes field trips to the coast.
Course includes field trips, computer activities, and short writing assignments.
Course includes field trips.
Course includes field work in hospitals, clinics, or community agencies.
Course includes film critique, radiation protection and review of vascular anatomy.
Course includes films and the use of casts and slides to illustrate concepts.
Course includes five lectures, five pool dives.
Course includes formal analysis, research methodology and extensive use of scores and recordings.
Course includes formal report writing.
Course includes formatting, hyperlinks, images, lists, tables, frames, forms, methods and events.
Course includes free course book.
Course includes functions, limits, differentiation, and integration of elementary functions.
Course includes fundamentals of acting and stage comportment.
Course includes fundamentals of operation, overhaul, service and diagnosis of the major components.
Course includes fundamentals of tone, articulation, and instrumental technique.
Course includes gallery installation, publicity and education relating to the exhibit.
Course includes ground school training and flight training.
Course includes group design projects.
Course includes group discussions and projects.
Course includes guest lectures by experienced executives.
Course includes guest lectures by women currently in positions of leadership.
Course includes guest speakers and field trips.
Course includes guest speakers and interaction with businesses currently seeking financing.
Course includes guest speakers and lectures.
Course includes guest speakers and semester-long consultancies with arts organizations.
Course includes guest speakers from a variety of areas.
Course includes guest speakers, case analyses, and semester-long individual and group projects.
Course includes guest speakers, site visits and a term project.
Course includes hands-on activities and free materials.
Course includes hands-on exercises.
Course includes hands-on experience and the use of software packages for business analysis.
Course includes hands-on experience in a microcomputer lab.
Course includes hands-on laboratory projects and a field trip.
Course includes harmonization skills at the keyboard.
Course includes histology of endocrine glands and bioassays with vertebrates.
Course includes historical and cultural discussion and practice in hexameter and Greek lyric metre.
Course includes historical background.
Course includes homework, handouts and certificate of completion.
Course includes hospital rounds and weekly seminar.
Course includes identifying, processing, and avoiding hazards as well as field practice.
Course includes individual and team climate assessments on risk-taking and empowerment tendencies.
Course includes individual field project in local aquatic ecosystems.
Course includes in-situ lectures, field observations, and interviews with local officials.
Course includes installing and maintaining a local area network.
Course includes instruction in aquatic surveillance, basic rescues, and first aid.
Course includes instruction in job placement skills.
Course includes instruction in kan'ji computer programs and Japanese word processors.
Course includes instruction on audio tape and in residence.
Course includes instruction on technique and safety.
Course includes instruction, books, all equipment rental and diving.
Course includes instruction, manual and at least five open water training sessions.
Course includes instruction, practice and hospital observation.
Course includes instruction, two dives and use of our state of the art equipment.
Course includes instructional learning tasks and job simulations.
Course includes instructional methods and practices that enhance learning.
Course includes instrumentation and data reduction techniques.
Course includes interviewing, data analysis, and report writing.
Course includes intrinsic leadership practical exercises.
Course includes introduction and application of hand held electronic calculators.
Course includes introduction to leadership principles, assertiveness training, and self-evaluation.
Course includes investigating ethical issues on the internet.
Course includes investigative field labs and some weekend field trips.
Course includes invited lecturers, journal critiques, and preparation of an original paper.
Course includes invited lectures, literature research, and an original paper.
Course includes involvement with various health-care facilities in the Denver area.
Course includes knowledge, skill, fitness, and perceptual motor testing.
Course includes lab demonstrations and exercises.
Course includes lab sessions to design, shoot, and edit film productions.
Course includes lab work and projects.
Course includes lab.
Course includes laboratories.
Course includes laboratory and a field experience.
Course includes laboratory and observational experience.
Course includes laboratory dissection and lectures.
Course includes laboratory experience with current database software.
Course includes laboratory experience.
Course includes laboratory rotations, oral presentations and written reviews.
Course includes laboratory sessions and problem sets.
Course includes laboratory sessions and software development.
Course includes laboratory study of cadavers.
Course includes laboratory teaching by class members.
Course includes laboratory.
Course includes labs plus site visits to biotech companies and research facilities.
Course includes leadership laboratories and field exercise.
Course includes leadership laboratories and field exercises.
Course includes learning and use of appropriate software.
Course includes lecture and lab.
Course includes lecture and laboratory segments.
Course includes lecture and laboratory.
Course includes lecture and neuroanatomy laboratory.
Course includes lecture and time in the water developing skills.
Course includes lecture, and confined water training involving a variety of training modules.
Course includes lecture, demonstration, and laboratory practice.
Course includes lecture, discussion and film lab.
Course includes lecture, discussions, etc.
Course includes lecture, film and manikin practice.
Course includes lecture, lab, field work, unknowns, papers, and team exercises.
Course includes lecture, practical and written test to current protocol.
Course includes lecture, practice, and an outdoor field trip.
Course includes lectures and a computer laboratory component.
Course includes lectures and case studies.
Course includes lectures and laboratory sessions.
Course includes lectures and laboratory.
Course includes lectures and studio projects.
Course includes lectures by members of the voice and instrumental faculty.
Course includes lectures, discussions and computer lab exercises.
Course includes lectures, films and discussion.
Course includes lectures, laboratories and discussions.
Course includes lectures, materials, and seafood luncheon.
Course includes lectures, observations, and laboratory application.
Course includes lectures, readings, and final examination.
Course includes lectures, seminars, outside speakers and industrial contacts.
Course includes lectures, slide presentations, lab sessions and field trips to other museums.
Course includes legal procedures of tort and insurance law in addition to case investigations.
Course includes limited laboratory experiences.
Course includes list of test items, training exercises and resource list.
Course includes listening, concert attendance, readings and lectures.
Course includes live fire and scenario based roleplaying exercises.
Course includes local field exercises.
Course includes lots of interaction and projects, plus expert guests.
Course includes major design projects, field trips and presentations.
Course includes major market research project.
Course includes management theories, organizational structures, and current issues.
Course includes mandatory field training exercises.
Course includes manual,daily job sheets, and test materials.
Course includes many hands-on exercises addressing both health and safety issues and work practices.
Course includes materials and firing.
Course includes mechanics and heat.
Course includes mechanics, heat and sound.
Course includes mechanics, sound and heat.
Course includes mechanics, sound, and heat.
Course includes menu planning, cost analysis, and buffet organization and display.
Course includes methods to modify existing recipes to cut down fat, salt, yet maintain nutrients.
Course includes microcomputer application.
Course includes mini-labs.
Course includes molecular orbital consideration.
Course includes molecular, organismal, and population biology.
Course includes museum visits.
Course includes music and rhythm count.
Course includes music and rhythm counts.
Course includes notebook filled with examples and detailed information.
Course includes numerous hands-on project based learning applications.
Course includes observation at school site and seminars on campus.
Course includes observation of bass lessons and laboratory teaching by the pedagogy student.
Course includes on hour of class work and one hour of physical fitness per week.
Course includes one hour lectures followed by seminar and video presentations.
Course includes one hour of class work and one hour of physical fitness per week.
Course includes one hour of discussion-seminar with physician lecturers each week.
Course includes one night location shoot and one studio portrait night.
Course includes one weekend field trip.
Course includes one weekend or all day field trip.
Course includes on-site shooting and preparation of a scrapbook of the week's memories.
Course includes operating characteristics of the devices and stresses application.
Course includes painting excursions and field trips to painting shows.
Course includes paperback text, test booklet and grading service.
Course includes participation in professional seminars.
Course includes participation in special laboratory sessions to develop test proficiency.
Course includes periodic field trips, two hours of lecture, and one hour of laboratory.
Course includes periodic field trips.
Course includes personal nutrition, fitness, reproduction, and disease control.
Course includes pertinent information regarding the protection of the food supply.
Course includes petrography and x-ray fluorescence.
Course includes planning a basic menu and a banquet menu.
Course includes practical case studies and computer based modelling exercises .
Course includes practical experience in affiliated hospital laboratories.
Course includes practical lab experience in parasitology and diagnosis.
Course includes practice in disciplines of spirituality such as meditation.
Course includes practice in using large quantity equipment in food preparation.
Course includes practice tests, evaluation, in-class and home study materials.
Course includes practice with high level structure and vocabulary.
Course includes pre and post individual percent body fat evaluation.
Course includes pre-event planning, food preparation and storage, portion control and holding times.
Course includes preparation and application of lesson plans.
Course includes preparation for both the verbal and math portions of the test.
Course includes preparation of audio carts and video packages.
Course includes presentation of higher intermediate level structure and vocabulary.
Course includes presentation of intermediate level structure and vocabulary.
Course includes presentations by visiting faculty who are experts in the area.
Course includes problem homework.
Course includes problem solving and field experiences.
Course includes programming assignments.
Course includes programming projects.
Course includes project design, storyboarding, scripting, shooting video, and desktop video editing.
Course includes project planning, estimation and layout.
Course includes project.
Course includes projects on the lathe, milling machine and surface grinder.
Course includes proven procedures and explanations for the escrow process.
Course includes pump theory, pump rating, and pressure and vacuum gauges.
Course includes qualification.
Course includes reading, discussion, analysis and writing.
Course includes reading, discussion, analysis, and writing.
Course includes reading, viewing, discussing, analysis and writing.
Course includes reading, writing, listening, and speaking.
Course includes real world projects and field trips.
Course includes rehearsal pass and concert ticket.
Course includes relative motion, rules of the nautical road, marine weather, and ship handling.
Course includes relevant computer experience simulating business situations.
Course includes required weekend field trips.
Course includes rescue breathing and choking.
Course includes researching topics and writing at least three research papers.
Course includes resuscitation.
Course includes review of role of audiology in human services.
Course includes role-plays, small groups activities and presentations.
Course includes rudiments of sound theory and basic audio production.
Course includes rules and etiquette golf.
Course includes rules and etiquette of golf.
Course includes rules, statistical record keeping, strategy and techniques employed by officials.
Course includes safety information and emergency techniques.
Course includes sections on risk factors, accepted treatment protocols and etiologies.
Course includes several interface design projects implementing the concepts learned.
Course includes several lab assignments.
Course includes several overnight field trips.
Course includes short compositions and videos to be seen outside of class.
Course includes sight-singing, dictation, rhythmic and keyboard exercises.
Course includes six weeks of study in the Rocky Mountains.
Course includes slide presentation, discussion, handouts and field study.
Course includes small group discussion of conflict resolution theories and applications.
Course includes some broadcast techniques and use of tape recorders.
Course includes some discussion of interpretive methods.
Course includes some mild hills, comfortable for most runners.
Course includes some readings in translation.
Course includes some software assignments.
Course includes speakers from related professions.
Course includes specific strategies for non-native English speakers.
Course includes standard and ethics section.
Course includes student presentation of articles from the primary literature and discussion.
Course includes student presentations of related subject material.
Course includes study of a film and one full-length book in addition to other readings.
Course includes study of basic vocabulary, grammar, and sentence structure.
Course includes study of grammar and linguistic philosophy.
Course includes study of job application and resume.
Course includes study of linkage-editors, loaders, channel operations, and interrupt handlers.
Course includes study of medieval phonology, morphology, and syntax.
Course includes study of structured writing.
Course includes study of the theory necessary to understand the research.
Course includes substantial problem homework and computer exercises.
Course includes substantial problem homework.
Course includes substantial reading, discussion, journal writing, essays, and a class project.
Course includes suggestions for helping students to learn and use the technology.
Course includes support after the class.
Course includes survey of appropriate materials, research-based techniques, and teaching strategies.
Course includes swing techniques and fundamentals.
Course includes ten hours arranged fieldwork.
Course includes test-taking strategies.
Course includes text book.
Course includes text, test booklet and grading service.
Course includes textbook and gauntlet.
Course includes textbook, certification and provisioning and two or three days of cruising.
Course includes the completion of a project.
Course includes the construction of a mini electric vehicle.
Course includes the fundamentals and techniques of playing as well as methods of coaching.
Course includes the history and culture of the period.
Course includes the identification of etiologic basses and characteristics of language disorders.
Course includes the legal implications of document preparation and project delivery process.
Course includes the major Romantic poets and major poets and novelists of the Victorian period.
Course includes the minimum hour requirement for the rating.
Course includes the practical application of conducting skills and rehearsal procedures.
Course includes the prototyping of several standard user interface mechanisms.
Course includes the selection of feeds and compiling of rations.
Course includes the study of both Western and non-Western art.
Course includes the study of military organizations, and elements of a fighting team.
Course includes the study of wave shaping and passive filtering.
Course includes the use of computer gaming techniques for instruction in agribusiness.
Course includes the use of computers.
Course includes the writing of a dissertation prospectus.
Course includes theological preparation and reflection on the experience.
Course includes theoretical criticism and ethical considerations.
Course includes theories, functions, and principles of management and tools for decision making.
Course includes theory, hands on activities, and computer construction simulation.
Course includes three group sessions and one session of individual instruction.
Course includes three hours laboratory per week.
Course includes three meetings with instructor.
Course includes three practice holes and a driving range.
Course includes tides, currents and aids to navigation.
Course includes time management, sales, planning and sales presentations.
Course includes time to practice and experiment with the software.
Course includes training in child growth and development.
Course includes training in giving first aid an applying rules of safety.
Course includes training in physical and conditioning and periodic field trips.
Course includes training in physical conditioning and periodic field trips.
Course includes training in physical conditioning and periodic fields trips.
Course includes trips to local sites of historical interest.
Course includes two detailed videos and a comprehensive workbook.
Course includes two field trips to local medicinal herb gardens.
Course includes two highly recommended parents' meetings.
Course includes two hours of class work and two hours of physical fitness per week.
Course includes two laboratory sections and two lectures per week.
Course includes two wonderful recipes.
Course includes ulpan, counseling and assistance in looking for work.
Course includes units on recent history and current events.
Course includes units on scientific and legal vocabulary.
Course includes use of barrier devices for ventilation and automated defibrillation.
Course includes use of camera, film, processing, and lots of fun.
Course includes use of tax software.
Course includes various techniques and methods of management consulting.
Course includes video and audio recordings as well as live demonstrations.
Course includes video presentation, writing exercises, and one-on one instruction.
Course includes video taping component.
Course includes videotape and review of rhythm, range and relaxation.
Course includes viewing, discussions, readings, and written work.
Course includes viewings, discussions, readings and written work.
Course includes visits to museums, historical sites, and cultural landmarks.
Course includes visits to several Superfund sites.
Course includes vocational testing and occupational exploration.
Course includes weapons safety, mechanics, capabilities, and fundamentals of marksmanship.
Course includes weekly critiques and discussions.
Course includes weekly critiques.
Course includes winter survival as well as winter camping for the hardy outdoor person.
Course includes worked examples and exercises.
Course includes working with forms, images, frames, windows, and cookies.
Course includes workshop and tutorials.
Course includes workshops in the application of system safety and human factors techniques.
Course includes writing for the media, public relations, and business communications.
Course includes, a review of handling procedures and soldering basics.
Course incorporates appropriate variety of instructional methods.
Course incorporates computer analysis with curriculum.
Course incorporates independent study with supervision by instructor.
Course incorporates probability material, decision models, and decision analysis.
Course incorporates qualitative concerns and social responsibilities of public officials.
Course instructs children on basic safety tips around boats and water.
Course instructs students in the basic skills and terms of American acting.
Course integrates a financial analysis perspective with the business decision-making process.
Course integrates anthropological, psychological, and sociological theories and research evidence.
Course integrates fields of environmental chemistry, toxi cology, and risk management.
Course integrates knowledge and skills gained in previous and concurrent courses.
Course integrates lectures with videos, workshops, reading materials, and patient demonstrations.
Course integrates many issues addressed in previous classes.
Course integrates methods of math, science, health, physical education, and music.
Course integrates multiple field experiences.
Course integrates projects and case studies where applicable.
Course introduces accounting controversies and current issues.
Course introduces business information systems analysis and logical systems specifications.
Course introduces custom grading.
Course introduces facial hair and wigmaking, prosthesis and demential appliances.
Course introduces forms and elements of poetry, and the creative process.
Course introduces mineral optics and x-ray diffraction.
Course introduces perspectives of various social science disciplines.
Course introduces petrography and x-ray flourescence.
Course introduces students to clinical trial research where nutrition interventions are a focus.
Course introduces students to definitions and categories of electronic information.
Course introduces students to historical and contemporary public address.
Course introduces students to management and leadership theory and application.
Course introduces students to plays and their production in a variety of countries.
Course introduces students to the design and construction of hats.
Course introduces students to the diverse issues involved in managing a theatre company.
Course introduces students to the electronic packaging technology.
Course introduces students to the field of interpreting.
Course introduces students to the historical roots of the social work profession and social welfare.
Course introduces the photographer to alternate techniques of photographic imagery.
Course introduces the student to electricity and electronics.
Course introduces the student to the activity of political analysis.
Course introduces the student to the servicing of computers.
Course introduces the theories, techniques, and practices of planned organizational learning.
Course investigates major concepts that make up the legal environment of public administration.
Course involves a case study.
Course involves a significant evaluation of the project and recommendations.
Course involves an online database consisting of student work.
Course involves an overview of all track and field events with lectures and student participation.
Course involves analysis of specific problems, field sampling, and laboratory and computer analyses.
Course involves both group and individual production projects.
Course involves both lecture and hands-on laboratory experience.
Course involves both understanding and use of theoretical tools.
Course involves case studies.
Course involves classroom and field training, in-hospital observation, and clinical experience.
Course involves experiential learning.
Course involves extensive practice in pronunciation in the classroom and language lab.
Course involves extensive writing.
Course involves interpretation of science and scientific research in a cultural setting.
Course involves learning how to do research and present information in an oral and written form.
Course involves lectures and discussion of papers.
Course involves many field trips.
Course involves occasional experimentation with particular forms of meditation and prayer.
Course involves performances in both areas.
Course involves physical contact under challenging conditions.
Course involves planning a research project during the school year preceding summer abroad.
Course involves planning of research project during year preceding summer abroad.
Course involves planning or research project during year preceding study abroad.
Course involves practice on mannequins, reading assignments, and written test.
Course involves reading, writing, and creative projects.
Course involves seminar presentations on selected topics.
Course involves significant components of laboratory and field work.
Course involves significant group field trips and laboratory work.
Course involves some computer work.
Course involves substantial laboratory activities.
Course involves the procedural process of civil litigation and the attendant role of the paralegal.
Course involves the rationale, logic, statistical computation, and interpretation of data.
Course involves the study of human gross anatomy by dissecting a human cadaver.
Course involves travel and extra fees.
Course involves use of calculators and computers.
Course is a closed loop.
Course is a combination of classroom and laboratory sessions.
Course is a combination of lecture and discussion with guest speakers and panel presentations.
Course is a combination of lecture and laboratory assignments.
Course is a continuation of the beginning course with an emphasis placed on game strategies.
Course is a correspondence course.
Course is a half-mile on left.
Course is a half-mile on the right.
Course is a half-mile up on the right.
Course is a mile on right.
Course is a mix of city streets and bicycle paths.
Course is a multi-lecturer series dealing with ethics, business, and scientific technology.
Course is a necessity for any woman.
Course is a paved municipal bike path.
Course is a prerequisite for Calculus in college.
Course is a prerequisite to student teaching.
Course is a prerequisite to upper division computer graphics courses.
Course is a quarter-mile on the right.
Course is a specific non-credit course for which continuing education units are granted.
Course is a theoretical study of static and dynamic electric and magnetic fields.
Course is a valuable learning experience.
Course is about a half-mile farther on the left.
Course is about a mile farther on the right.
Course is about a mile on the left.
Course is about one-eighth mile on the right.
Course is acceptable in a graduate degree program at the transfer institution.
Course is always in great shape despite wet Washington weather.
Course is always well maintained and easy walking.
Course is an elective for professional technical communication majors.
Course is an excellent introduction for new monitors and a refresher for current monitors.
Course is an introduction to the terminal characteristics of active semiconductor devices.
Course is applicable to all property types.
Course is applicable to both building and public works construction.
Course is appropriate for anyone considering a career in museums or other visitor oriented fields.
Course is approximately one-half mile on the right.
Course is arranged with supervising faculty member.
Course is asynchronous and can be taken from any place on the planet online can be accessed.
Course is at the end of the road, through gate.
Course is at top of hill.
Course is augmented by extensive movie presentations, plus flow demonstrations.
Course is available as independent study.
Course is available for outside tournaments.
Course is available on-campus and through FEEDs.
Course is available only after placement by departmental faculty.
Course is available only to int'l students.
Course is available on-site.
Course is available to students who are considering a career in pathology or forensic pathology.
Course is based on an individual, student-oriented learning contract.
Course is based on an individualized student-oriented learning contract.
Course is based on archaeological, ethnohistorical, and ethnographic evidence.
Course is based on development theories, life course dynamics, and social psychology.
Course is based on electrical service procedures for the overhaul of electrical units.
Course is based on long-range collaborative projects.
Course is based on one take home evaluation and one draft proposal.
Course is based on real data in risk analysis.
Course is based on standard English usage.
Course is based on systems approach to video production.
Course is based upon screenings, discussions and required student writing.
Course is basic through intermediate.
Course is bias free.
Course is broad in scope, emphasizing applications.
Course is built around a life cycle construct.
Course is by invitation only.
Course is by permission of the instructor only.
Course is calculus based.
Course is carpeted by a fine spirgy turf, which requires little maintenance.
Course is centered around a theme, and includes both survey materials and supplementary readings.
Course is certified, scenic, flat and fast.
Course is certified.
Course is Certified.
Course is closed on Wednesdays.
Course is closed to traffic.
Course is complemented with laboratory periods.
Course is complete in itself, and accessible to beginners.
Course is composed of a department code, a course and section number.
Course is comprised of a series of one hour lectures.
Course is conceptual, interdisciplinary, and future- oriented.
Course is concerned with the experimental analysis of cells and cellular components.
Course is conducted as a writing workshop.
Course is conducted for unit-level operators.
Course is conducted in an outdoor laboratory setting.
Course is conducted in Hebrew.
Course is conducted in Russian.
Course is conducted in Spanish.
Course is conducted in the target language.
Course is conducted largely in the field.
Course is conducted mainly in Spanish.
Course is conducted primarily in Spanish.
Course is conducted with expert mentor-one on one training in private chat room.
Course is considered advanced elective for studio majors.
Course is considered intermediate elective for studio majors.
Course is contingent upon minimum enrollment.
Course is cross listed with the department of statistics.
Course is cross-listed under four different course designations.
Course is currently full, but keep trying in case someone drops.
Course is currently on a beginner - advanced beginner level.
Course is currently under development.
Course is defined by lecture material.
Course is deleted entirely from schedule and transcript record.
Course is delivered using inquiry based learning.
Course is delivered via technology.
Course is demonstration and lecture based.
Course is design oriented, includes both computer simlations and laboratory experiments.
Course is designed as a laboratory course.
Course is designed especially for students in elementary education and environmental studies.
Course is designed for advanced students in the geospatial analysis program.
Course is designed for all ages and fitness levels.
Course is designed for any graduate student in forestry.
Course is designed for beginners with no previous exposure to physics.
Course is designed for beginning and intermediate students.
Course is designed for both science and non-science majors.
Course is designed for business majors.
Course is designed for college freshmen.
Course is designed for dietetics students who plan to apply for a supervised practice program.
Course is designed for elementary school teachers.
Course is designed for faculty to bring their own materials and create course pages.
Course is designed for health and physical education students.
Course is designed for health majors.
Course is designed for intended trainees.
Course is designed for juniors, seniors, and entering graduate students.
Course is designed for men and women.
Course is designed for nonmajors as well as for business majors and minors.
Course is designed for non-majors as well as majors.
Course is designed for non-music majors unless otherwise indicated.
Course is designed for non-science majors and some allied health students.
Course is designed for non-science majors.
Course is designed for non-swimmers.
Course is designed for people with little of no computer experience.
Course is designed for people with little or no experience with QuarkXPress.
Course is designed for pre-nursing students.
Course is designed for pre-professional and biological science majors, but is open to all students.
Course is designed for science and science education majors.
Course is designed for second level swimmers.
Course is designed for student athletes.
Course is designed for students experienced with computing.
Course is designed for students in the geospatial analysis program.
Course is designed for students intending to sit for the CPA examination.
Course is designed for students majoring in nutrition, allied health sciences, and agriculture.
Course is designed for students majoring in science or technology.
Course is designed for students well prepared in Physics.
Course is designed for students who intend to become elementary school teachers.
Course is designed for the beginning user.
Course is designed for undergraduate seniors and graduate students.
Course is designed for upper-level geology or related physical science majors.
Course is designed for xxx.
Course is designed specifically for executive, legal, or medial majors.
Course is designed to accommodate students with no college-level science background.
Course is designed to address financial issues relating to high tech industries and the new economy.
Course is designed to address the two common options to the imprisonment of a convicted offender.
Course is designed to advance basic understanding and knowledge about human interaction.
Course is designed to be a logical extension to the introductory genetics course.
Course is designed to be highly participative.
Course is designed to be interesting, to improve physical fitness, and to teach carryover skills.
Course is designed to bridge the way for graduates from their educational program to employment.
Course is designed to create familiarity with the use of photography in anthropological research.
Course is designed to demonstrate the current significance of biotechnology.
Course is designed to demonstrate the significance of biotechnology in today's world.
Course is designed to develop individual negotiation skills.
Course is designed to develop individual negotiations skills.
Course is designed to disseminate information via lecture and workshop environments.
Course is designed to enable graduate students to acquire a foreign language as a research tool.
Course is designed to enhance analysis skills.
Course is designed to give advanced training in free composition in French.
Course is designed to help students develop a research interest and begin independent study.
Course is designed to help the student become a more confident and effective writer.
Course is designed to improve overall fitness levels through lap swimming.
Course is designed to improve overall fitness levels through water exercise.
Course is designed to incorporate recent trends in composition studies, materials, and texts.
Course is designed to introduce the undergraduate student to the field of public history.
Course is designed to investigate form material and con-tent.
Course is designed to meet the educational needs of graduate nursing students.
Course is designed to meet the prerequisite requirements of four-year schools.
Course is designed to more fully develop the four basic language skills.
Course is designed to provide an exploration of a particular area of special interest.
Course is designed to provide skills associated with being a scientist.
Course is designed to provide students with applied experience in their fields of study.
Course is designed to serve both elementary and secondary teachers.
Course is designed to study basic acting skills including improvisation, mime, and scene work.
Course is designed to support students' academic, professional, and personal goals.
Course is designed to teach students to prepare files for pre-press.
Course is designed to train future food service, hotel or hospitality industry executives.
Course is designed to update the practicing clinician in specific areas of expertise.
Course is designed tocreate familiarity with the use of photography in anthropological research.
Course is directed to graduate students and outstanding senior undergraduates.
Course is directed toward professional school and agency counselors.
Course is divided into three hour sessions.
Course is divided into three parts of approximately five weeks per section.
Course is divided into two segments.
Course is enhanced by observing videotapes and live performances.
Course is equally useful for nonmajors.
Course is equivalent to one year of high school algebra.
Course is especially useful for students planning future study or work in a French-speaking country.
Course is exciting and fun.
Course is extremely satisfying and has lots of information.
Course is fair.
Course is flat and tree lined, offering wind protection.
Course is flat, grassy field.
Course is focused on real-life applications for the young professional.
Course is for advanced dance, acting and directing students with varying experience.
Course is for concurrent students.
Course is for credit.
Course is for majors and non-majors.
Course is for non-majors.
Course is for nursing and other allied health professional students.
Course is for personal benefit of the employee.
Course is for second-year students or can be taken in place of cooperative work experience.
Course is for students who have little or no dancing experience.
Course is for students with limited or no experience in swimming.
Course is for students without substantial professional media experience.
Course is free for PfP countries.
Course is Free.
Course is full of practical time and outdoor scenarios.
Course is fun, challenging and well-laid out.
Course is geared to individuals who deal with communication disorders.
Course is geared to students interested and serious about science.
Course is geared to students interested and serious in science.
Course is geared to the academic discourse, with an emphasis on oral argument.
Course is geared toward active language use through oral drills and conversational practice.
Course is geared toward students with some health care background.
Course is geared towards students who have little or no previous musical experience.
Course is generally available only to graduate students with special needs.
Course is generally on the wet side.
Course is given in English.
Course is given in two sections.
Course is given in vector notation.
Course is given over three days.
Course is goal oriented rather than process oriented.
Course is good for two years.
Course is graded either satisfactory or unsatisfactory.
Course is graded on a Satisfactory or Unsatisfactory basis.
Course is great for golfers of all skill levels.
Course is grounded in a particular subjet area chosen by the instructor.
Course is half-mile on left.
Course is hard to determine.
Course is held at a midtown movement studio.
Course is held in Croatian and is based on materials produced at the department.
Course is highly oriented to practical problem solving.
Course is ideal for the student who is interested in being employed in a legal office.
Course is ideal for the student who wishes to be employed in a medical office.
Course is in excellent condition, staff is great, and pace of play is commendable.
Course is in excellent shape now as are most courses in the region.
Course is in excellent shape.
Course is in good shape for the time of year.
Course is in great condition.
Course is in great shape, very challenging, great grillroom, and excellent service all around.
Course is in slide format, and includes workbook and other reference materials.
Course is in the final summer semester.
Course is in three segments.
Course is integrative in nature, rather than one of developing new methodologies and techniques.
Course is integrative in nature.
Course is intended for armorers and supervisors.
Course is intended for both native and non-native speakers of English.
Course is intended for both non-majors and prospective geology majors.
Course is intended for health providers in Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina.
Course is intended for individuals who have a basic knowledge of occupational ergonomics.
Course is intended for non-majors with no previous knowledge of music.
Course is intended for nursing and other allied health professional students.
Course is intended for the college-bound student.
Course is intended primarily for graduate students in other disciplines.
Course is intended to be fun through active participation.
Course is intended to follow AITP recommendations.
Course is intended to introduce students to children in a child care setting.
Course is intended to introduce students to children in a naturalistic setting.
Course is intended to serve as a capstone experience for students in the senior year.
Course is interdisciplinary yet presents material from the perspective of the humanities.
Course is introductory, exploratory and qualitative in scope.
Course is keyed to recent developments in the technical production areas.
Course is largely project based, using large and small groups.
Course is lecture oriented.
Course is lighted for night time play.
Course is like other courses in many ways, and distinctive in a few ways.
Course is limited in size.
Course is limited to adults only.
Course is limited to graduating seniors.
Course is limited to health professionals.
Course is limited to junior and senior students.
Course is limited to social work majors.
Course is limited to students who have junior or senior classification.
Course is linked to the undergraduate internship and other experiential learning opportunities.
Course is listed first, then teachers with the respective periods listed next to the teacher name.
Course is located between Tampa and Lakeland.
Course is located off the highway.
Course is located on left side of road.
Course is located on right side of road.
Course is long, wide and fair.
Course is made up of two credits of seminar and two credits of clinical practicum.
Course is managed effectively.
Course is mi.
Course is mile down on the left.
Course is mostly flat with lots of off and ons, some pavement.
Course is mostly flat with one small hill.
Course is mostly flat.
Course is mostly internet based.
Course is mostly on paved roads.
Course is mostly on residential streets.
Course is multi-cultural and global in focus for case studies.
Course is narrow with small greens.
Course is non credit.
Course is non-credit.
Course is normally eligible for tuition reimbursement by most companies.
Course is north of the harbour.
Course is noted for being well drained.
Course is offered as a writing-intensive course.
Course is offered as evening class.
Course is offered at a high school site.
Course is offered during the spring semester of the senior year.
Course is offered each semester.
Course is offered every fall and spring semester.
Course is offered every fall semester.
Course is offered every other fall semester in even years.
Course is offered every other spring.
Course is offered every other year.
Course is offered every semester, including summer.
Course is offered every spring semester.
Course is offered every term.
Course is offered fall and spring semesters.
Course is offered fall of odd years.
Course is offered in a two-week compressed format during the summer.
Course is offered in alternate years.
Course is offered in English and is open to all interested students.
Course is offered in Little Rock.
Course is offered in spring semesters.
Course is offered in the spring semester only.
Course is offered in the summer and when staff is available to teach.
Course is offered on an as-requested basis.
Course is offered on an infrequent basis.
Course is offered on two separate evenings with each session at approximately four hours.
Course is offered once a year.
Course is offered once every two years.
Course is offered on-line over the Internet.
Course is offered only during the fall quarter.
Course is offered only in spring semester.
Course is offered spring of even years.
Course is offered spring of odd years.
Course is offered to graduate students with limited knowledge in genetics.
Course is offered to graduate students with no formal training in cell biology.
Course is offered to individuals who have been ticketed for committing a minor traffic violation.
Course is offered to senior and graduate students only.
Course is offered to senior and graduate students.
Course is offered when research funding and faculty advisors are available.
Course is on a hill with spectacular views.
Course is on a pass - fail basis.
Course is on east side of the road, south of railroad tracks.
Course is on left side of road.
Course is on left, approx.
Course is on left.
Course is on north end of town.
Course is on right hand side.
Course is on right side of the road.
Course is on right.
Course is on soft forest roads and trails.
Course is on the left.
Course is on the right.
Course is on top of the mountain.
Course is on west edge of town.
Course is one block on the left.
Course is one credit.
Course is one half-mile down on the left.
Course is one mile down on the right.
Course is one mile down.
Course is one mile on left.
Course is one mile on the left.
Course is one night.
Course is ongoing with anytime, anywhere registration.
Course is online and requires participation thru online discussion and via email.
Course is only available for rent or purchase.
Course is open all year.
Course is open by audition only.
Course is open for group one, the slower of the two groups from practice.
Course is open for other play.
Course is open only to junior and senior psychology majors or minors.
Course is open to advanced undergraduates and graduate students in the biological sciences.
Course is open to all ability levels.
Course is open to all juniors and seniors.
Course is open to all levels of skill and experience.
Course is open to all skill levels.
Course is open to all students satisfying the given pre-requisites.
Course is open to all upper level students as an elective.
Course is open to any student, regardless of age.
Course is open to anyone.
Course is open to beginner and advanced students.
Course is open to beginners as well as experienced artists.
Course is open to domestic and international tourists.
Course is open to freshmen through seniors.
Course is open to medical, dental, public health, and graduate nursing students.
Course is open to non-majors.
Course is open to non-matriculated students.
Course is open to non-science majors.
Course is open to non-social work majors.
Course is open to public but residents are given preference.
Course is open to registered and other auditors.
Course is open to sophomore level students.
Course is open to students from other disciplines with strong mathematics backbground.
Course is open to students who have previously taken principles of marketing .
Course is open to students who have previously taken principles of marketing.
Course is open to the public.
Course is open to traffic, chickens, dogs, etc.
Course is open to traffic.
Course is open to undergraduate students.
Course is open year round.
Course is open year-round, weather permitting.
Course is operated as a seminar, and covers a wide variety of community development applications.
Course is organized effectively.
Course is organized on an economic and political basis considering developed and developing regions.
Course is orientated to the beginning volleyball student.
Course is out and back on closed off road.
Course is out towards the lake and then back to Jamestown.
Course is outdoors, occasionally in inclement weather and sometimes in soggy ecosystems.
Course is part of a hyphenated sequence.
Course is part of a product line.
Course is past scheduled date.
Course is pending faculty approval.
Course is periodically open to the general public.
Course is prereq to all other courses in early childhood, elementary and secondary education.
Course is prerequisite for student internship.
Course is prerequisite to all upper division courses.
Course is prerequisite to many programs.
Course is prerequisite to upper-division Japanese language courses.
Course is presented as a seminar with four case studies and problem analysis.
Course is primarily for seniors and beginning graduate stu- dents.
Course is primarily for seniors and beginning graduate students.
Course is primarily laboratory oriented.
Course is problem-oriented with emphasis on applications from listed fields.
Course is proficiency oriented.
Course is progressive, with increase in intensity s the individual improves abilities.
Course is project based with a paper and client presentation required.
Course is project oriented, ending in a major project of the student's design.
Course is project oriented, including programs, labs and a final project.
Course is project oriented.
Course is proof-based.
Course is provided once each quarter.
Course is purpose to develop confidence and competency in strokes and safety.
Course is recommended for all students who want only a one semester course in economics.
Course is recommended for non-majors.
Course is recommended for students of decision, information, social sciences, and mathematics.
Course is recorded with grade of W on student record.
Course is repeatable and offered as demand indicates.
Course is repeatable as content changes.
Course is repeatable as topics change.
Course is repeatable at each level.
Course is repeatable for a total of three accrued credits.
Course is repeatable for credit.
Course is repeatable for maximum of one credit.
Course is repeatable for multiple credit.
Course is repeatable Hours to be arranged.
Course is repeatable provided different styles are studied.
Course is repeatable to a maximum of eight units with consent of instructor.
Course is repeatable to a maximum of eight units.
Course is repeatable to a maximum of twelve units.
Course is repeatable upon recommendation of the instructor.
Course is repeatable with consent of the instructor.
Course is repeatable.
Course is repeated for a total of four semester hours.
Course is required during the first semester of study in the program.
Course is required during the first spring semester of study in the program.
Course is required for admission to credential programs.
Course is required for majors.
Course is required for ministerial aspirants.
Course is required for terrestrial ecology sophomores.
Course is required of all geography majors.
Course is required of all storytelling majors.
Course is required of students who have no work experience in criminal justice or private security.
Course is required to be certified to teach secondary mathematics.
Course is routed in parallel.
Course is seen as the initial step in the undergraduate research experience required of each major.
Course is self-explanatory.
Course is self-paced with required attendance.
Course is self-paced.
Course is set in woods.
Course is short but very interesting.
Course is spikeless.
Course is straight ahead.
Course is strictly for the non-specialist .
Course is structured around a research project that requires use of popular wildlife techniques.
Course is structured around goals, principles, methods and tools of software engineering.
Course is structured around the use of color transparency and negative materials.
Course is structured to provide actual field experience in addition to lecture material.
Course is subject to change due to weather conditions.
Course is subject to change without notice.
Course is suitable for adults or children.
Course is suitable for beginners as well as experienced lifters.
Course is suitable for left-handed students.
Course is suitable for professional or amateur food service students.
Course is suitable for use at home or in schools.
Course is supplemented by practice in pronunciation laboratory.
Course is supported with good material and is very credible.
Course is surrounded by Pacific Ocean.
Course is tailored to client application.
Course is tailored to meet the specific goals and interests of the students.
Course is taken as an elective.
Course is taken for two credits.
Course is taken for two semesters.
Course is taken from the user's own computer.
Course is targeted at students in the public and non-profit sectors.
Course is task driven.
Course is taught and discussion is led in English.
Course is taught as a seminar.
Course is taught at a sophisticated level.
Course is taught by a certified athletic trainer.
Course is taught by a certified instructor.
Course is taught by a professional dance instructor.
Course is taught by computer assisted instruction.
Course is taught by design faculty from each area.
Course is taught by guest alumni lecturers.
Course is taught by lecture with small weekly programming assignments.
Course is taught in an independent study format.
Course is taught in collaboration with outside speakers.
Course is taught in concentrated lecture-seminar format during summer session only.
Course is taught in English and open to all interested persons.
Course is taught in English.
Course is taught in german.
Course is taught in separate one-hour units, each with a different topic and instructor.
Course is taught in Spanish.
Course is taught in Utah and instruction is received in Utah or through study abroad.
Course is taught in Utah and instruction received in Utah or through study abroad.
Course is taught jointly with seminary faculty.
Course is taught the first eight weeks of the second semester.
Course is taught the second eight weeks of the fall semester.
Course is taught the second eight weeks of the first semester.
Course is taught through hands-on demonstrations and exercises.
Course is taught with the aid of computer software.
Course is team taught by three management professors, who focus on key manger skills.
Course is team-taught.
Course is the first day of a two-day conference.
Course is the first in a sequence of four experiential courses.
Course is the major band- performing organization in middle school.
Course is theory based and reading-intensive.
Course is three credits.
Course is three hours lecture per week.
Course is three hours of lecture per week.
Course is to be administered via the internet.
Course is under construction.
Course is under development.
Course is unit specific .
Course is unpredictable and can migrate to other body parts.
Course is updated annually to reflect changes in the examination.
Course is used for departmental assessment and includes an assessment exam.
Course is useful to anyone anticipating the use of radiation in the future.
Course is user funded.
Course is usually in good shape with many beautiful homes lining the fairways.
Course is usually in great shape and is certainly fun to play.
Course is utilized by major grocery chains.
Course is utilized for assessing leadership potential and is part of admission process.
Course is varied with well-kept greens, and undulating fairways.
Course is very good with new pavement.
Course is walkable.
Course is web-based.
Course is web-enhanced.
Course is well maintained and well trapped with a number of elevated greens.
Course is wildly over-crowded on weekends and pace of play is very slow.
Course is within easy driving distance of resort.
Course isa thing.
Course know among that beginning likewise crush discount patagonia sportswear.
Course lasts for three weeks.
Course lasts four weeks.
Course lasts seven weeks.
Course lasts six weeks.
Course laying is by agreement of the majority of sailors on the water.
Course lays foundation for advanced year concentration in group-centered perspective.
Course learning profiles are available at the website .
Course link .
Course links students to readings and resources for research on the web.
Course listed in bold type are of uncertain designation.
Course listing abbreviations are available by clicking here .
Course look and feel .
Course looks at both the physiological and archaeological record.
Course looks at social reform and social policies which impact individuals and families.
Course makes minimal use of mathematics.
Course makes use of computer statistical packages.
Course means path of action.
Course meet evenings and weekends on friendly, convenient community college campuses.
Course meet one night a week and are scheduled around the job demands of working professionals.
Course meets all certification requirements for the State of Virginia.
Course meets alternate weeks, all semester, beginning the first week.
Course meets alternate weeks, all semester, beginning the second week.
Course meets daily.
Course meets every other week.
Course meets first eight weeks of semester.
Course meets first half of semester.
Course meets first half of the semester.
Course meets five days a week, the first six weeks only.
Course meets five hours per week.
Course meets five hours weekly.
Course meets for five weeks with six lecture hours per week.
Course meets for four weeks with six lecture hours per week.
Course meets four hours per week.
Course meets general education requirement for computer competency.
Course meets general education requirement in fine, performing and literary arts.
Course meets in China.
Course meets in Paris.
Course meets multicultural requirements for entry into basic credential teaching program.
Course meets once a week for a semester.
Course meets once each week for lecture, discussion, and research proposal development.
Course meets once per week.
Course meets once per year in the fall.
Course meets once weekly.
Course meets one day each week for lecture and discussion.
Course meets one hour a week for the whole semester.
Course meets one hour per week.
Course meets over noon hour.
Course meets over the Internet.
Course meets periodically for formal competency development.
Course meets pre-admission requirements for all health occupations.
Course meets premedical requirements.
Course meets program and campus requirements for master's degree closure.
Course meets requirement for constitution test.
Course meets requirement for Constitution test.
Course meets science with lab general education requirement.
Course meets second half of semester.
Course meets second half of the semester.
Course meets teaching requirements for Ph.D. program in Physiology.
Course meets the baccalaureate-level writing requirement.
Course meets the diversity requirement.
Course meets the first half of each semester.
Course meets the general education community service requirement.
Course meets the needs for entrance to some professional schools.
Course meets the requirement of a research paper for the history major.
Course meets three class hours per week.
Course meets three hours per week with three four hour labs per semester.
Course meets three hours per week.
Course meets three or five hours per week.
Course meets three times per week for the first five weeks of the semester.
Course meets twice a week with three four hour labs per semester.
Course meets twice each week.
Course meets two days per week.
Course meets two hours a week for the whole semester .
Course meets two hours a week in second half of semester.
Course meets two times a week.
Course meets weekly for one semester.
Course mens alligator wallets.
Course mention off that chalk before keep mao rules.
Course needs approval from an advisor.
Course needs department approval before reglstration.
Course needs to be more fun.
Course notes description.
Course notes on pattern recognition fundamental problems.
Course notes to be passed out in class.
Course numbering assignments and credit designations are the prerogative of a campus.
Course objectives A. Be able to apply generalist practice to micro populations.
Course objectives Specific objectives depend on the topic of the course.
Course offers a field trip to local health stores and a vegetarian restaurant.
Course offers a multi-disciplinary introduction into the people, society and politics.
Course offers an introduction to the differences between historical periods of related interest.
Course offers both a meadowland and parkland setting.
Course offers bridge between academe and the business and professional worlds.
Course offers exceptional students an opportunity to participate in a research group.
Course offers five sets of tees.
Course offers hills, bunkers and five ponds.
Course offers in-depth study of the art of mixing the final sound track for visual mediums.
Course offers individual assistance with all types of speech problems.
Course offers lots of variety for training.
Course offers opportunities for drawing from the figure, objects, and landscape.
Course offers optional authentic learning assignments and service learning.
Course offers practical exercises instead of traditional lectures.
Course offers preferred rates to military and seniors.
Course offers students a wide range of explanations of deviance.
Course offers students an opportunity to do independent study under staff supervision.
Course offers students hands-on experience using digital audio equipment.
Course offers the student the theory, knowledge and applications relevant to the promotion mix.
Course operates through email.
Course outlines the various phases of an optimizer.
Course overall is very clear and precise.
Course pack ready for pick-up today.
Course partially satisfies new counseling licensure requirements.
Course performs an in depth look at the formal design process.
Course places a greater emphasis on quantitative aspects.
Course places additional emphasis on physical fitness and applied management skills.
Course plan The official course plan is here .
Course play and driving range practice is required.
Course prepares for advanced year concentration in group-centered perspective.
Course prepares students for commercial pesticide applicator certification.
Course prepares students for independent practice.
Course prepares students to write a journal-quality article or a master's thesis.
Course prepares the organization to generate products at the customer delivery level.
Course prepares the student to participate in the nursing process.
Course presents a broad picture of modern day aspects of audio and video.
Course presents a modern approach to forms creation.
Course presents a structured design philosophy, emphasizing hardwired and microprogrammed control.
Course presents a survey of the major forms of French novel throughout the twentieth century.
Course presents an analysis concerning various approaches in solving current physiology problems.
Course presents basic principles of infection, immunity and control of infectious microbes.
Course presents essential facts, laws, and theories of general chemistry.
Course presents essential facts, laws, and theories of organic chemistry.
Course presents principles involved as well as their application.
Course presents serious discussions of the role of the environment, business and the individual.
Course presents understanding of value assumptions that under score much of our thought processes.
Course presumes a student has had a basic course in exercise physiology.
Course progresses into intermediate marksmanship and rappelling techniques.
Course projects A major component of the grid class is system projects.
Course provide onto a yesterday than swim hibiki.
Course provides a base from which the student can build a personal theory of counseling.
Course provides a basic college math background.
Course provides a basic introduction to the scope and importance of marketing in the global economy.
Course provides a basic understanding of computer operations using a graphical user interface.
Course provides a controlled and supervised micro-teaching experience.
Course provides a foundation for other courses in business and entrepreneurship.
Course provides a foundation for work in advanced chemistry and related sciences.
Course provides a legal procedures background as well as vocabulary.
Course provides a sound basis for understanding the role of information systems within a business.
Course provides a toolkit for managing the library network.
Course provides actual studio situation with clients solicited from the community.
Course provides an introduction to biological modeling and computation.
Course provides an introduction to computer programming using the Visual Basic programming language.
Course provides an introduction to the college experience.
Course provides an introduction to the dynamics of intercultural communication.
Course provides an introductory survey of business history, concepts, principles, and operations.
Course provides an opportunity to gain experience working in organizations and government agencies.
Course provides an overview of business fundamentals.
Course provides an overview of ethical and legal issues related to the human services professions.
Course provides an overview of the construction project process from design through occupancy.
Course provides an overview of the role of small business in the free enterprise system.
Course provides an overview of the world of business.
Course provides an understanding of contemporary research on salid state devices.
Course provides appropriate feedback for correct or incorrect answers.
Course provides background for contemporary achievements, problems, possibilities, and prospects.
Course provides both instruction and hands-on guided labs.
Course provides comprehensive introduction to teaching.
Course provides continuous in-service education for foster parents.
Course provides demonstrations and lectures to develop practical job analysis skills.
Course provides detailed instruction on the fundamentals of park law enforcement.
Course provides direct instruction in current mtDNA laboratory techniques and their applications.
Course provides for a better understanding of the global nature of the world economy.
Course provides forum for discussion of practicum experience.
Course provides fundamental training in surface design on fabric and computer graphics.
Course provides fundamental training in surface design on fabric.
Course provides fundamental training in the area of fiber construction and computer graphics.
Course provides fundamental training in the area of fiber construction.
Course provides hands on exercise and classroom discussion.
Course provides hands on exercises and classroom discussion.
Course provides hands on exercises.
Course provides hands-on experience with microcomputer systems and business software.
Course provides immediate responses to quiz questions.
Course provides in-depth exercises in writing, rehearsing, and producing a public performance.
Course provides information on application of proven techniques to achieve quality product results.
Course provides information regarding the structure and function of the musculoskeletal systems.
Course provides instruction in all aspects of spirometry through lectures, practicums and testing.
Course provides instruction in classical methods used in investigating the action of drugs.
Course provides instruction in informal technical report writing and business correspondence.
Course provides intro to water skills.
Course provides introduction to clinical ambulatory medicine for pre-clerkship students.
Course provides necessary skill training for students entering one of the many drafting occupations.
Course provides ongoing training for the peer counselors.
Course provides opportunity for innovative course content designed for the social work professional.
Course provides opportunity for students to have experience in a practice setting.
Course provides opportunity to modify and develop computer program for application to patient care.
Course provides overview of unique physical activity and recreational needs for the elderly.
Course provides practical choreographic experience.
Course provides practical skills, hands-on exercises, and reveals secrets of the profession.
Course provides principle of technical and business speech communication.
Course provides principles of technical and business speech communication.
Course provides structured experience in supervision of marriage and family therapy students.
Course provides students an opportunity for hands-on experience at a facility that houses animals.
Course provides students with an understanding of permanent and primary tooth forms and occlusion.
Course provides suitable background for pursuing more advanced courses in research.
Course provides technical information on the basic operation of personal watercraft.
Course provides techniques and development of employment process skills.
Course provides the basic grounding in the art and craft of the medium.
Course provides the foundation for upper division multidisciplinary work in international relations.
Course provides the student with a logical approach to the differential diagnosis of oral lesions.
Course provides the student with the opportunity to develop basic life support psychomotor skills.
Course provides training skills necessary for the industry at the job entry level.
Course provides understanding of important dimensions of management function of accounting.
Course questionnaire to be completed by the student body.
Course reading lists and required reading materials are available in the library for student use.
Course records an instructor database are maintained.
Course recounts the history of travel, explores the future, and discusses the components of tourism.
Course reflects both experimental and theoretical aspects of the subject.
Course related instruction is the usual method used.
Course related instruction is widely available in the many campus libraries.
Course related materials include course syllabi and examinations.
Course related packages are also available for specific class assignments.
Course related storage is dependent of the nature of the course.
Course relies heavily on analysis of real data using personal computers.
Course remains open with no temporary greens.
Course report A course report is a report of individual student achievement in a particular course.
Course requirements A long tradition.
Course requirements Eight assignments to be evaluated by the instructors.
Course requirements Readings and discussions.
Course requirements Regular classroom attendance.
Course requirements Ten submissions to be evaluated by the instructor.
Course requirements The minimum requirements for the course are laid out below.
Course requirements Three exams, combining multiple choice and essay.
Course requirements Three homeworks, one midterm exam, one final exam.
Course requirements weekly homework assignments.
Course requires a community service placement or project.
Course requires a comprehensive paper to satisfy the school's required culminating experience.
Course requires a follow-up project.
Course requires a journal and a research paper.
Course requires a lot of reading and effort.
Course requires a minimum enrollment of five students in order to run.
Course requires a minimum grade of C for completion.
Course requires a minimum of five students in order to run.
Course requires a minimum of six students.
Course requires a weekend field trip to pertinent regional destinations.
Course requires a working knowledge of electronic spreadsheets.
Course requires additional lab fee, food, and transportation costs.
Course requires additional lab fee.
Course requires additional scheduled instructional Cisco lab time outside class hours.
Course requires additional tuition fees beyond the regular academic year charges.
Course requires an additional applied fee.
Course requires an outside observation of children in special education.
Course requires attendance at music events outside the classroom.
Course requires attendance at the first meeting.
Course requires attendance at theatre events outside the classroom.
Course requires building a mechanical structure as final project.
Course requires commitment.
Course requires completion of a term project.
Course requires completion of quizzes and a term paper.
Course requires completion of scholarly research project.
Course requires computer access.
Course requires computer and Internet access.
Course requires computer literacy.
Course requires considerable work outside of class to be prepared for class meetings.
Course requires daily field trips.
Course requires dissection.
Course requires extensive reading, some writing, and participation in discussion groups.
Course requires extensive use of independent study materials.
Course requires field project with local museum or historic site.
Course requires full student participation and attendance.
Course requires instructor consent.
Course requires intermediate pc skills and a pc with a recent version browser.
Course requires intermediate pc skills and a pc with recent version browser.
Course requires library and internet research.
Course requires microcomputer skills.
Course requires participation beyond specific semester calendars.
Course requires participation in activities designed to develop interpersonal communication skills.
Course requires participation in an international trip to a selected nation.
Course requires prerequisite.
Course requires research.
Course requires satisfactory completion of the work assignment and a written report.
Course requires signature of cooperative work experience advisor to enroll.
Course requires significant preparation outside of class.
Course requires significant time outside of class.
Course requires some familiarity with research methods and statistical techniques.
Course requires special consent for a student to enroll.
Course requires special permission from instructor.
Course requires students to complete several practical projects including a newsletter and brochure.
Course requires substantial group research paper on topic of interest.
Course requires the formulation of a strategy to introduce a new product into another country.
Course requires the preparation and presentation of a sales story.
Course requires three lecture hours per week.
Course requires two short papers, one in-class report, and a final seminar paper.
Course requires use of micro-computers.
Course requires written application.
Course resources A collection of resources to support the courses being offered at the West.
Course reviews basic sleep physiology and the physiology and psychology of dreams.
Course reviews selection and use of respirators.
Course reviews solder joint acceptance criteria.
Course reviews the legal responsibilities and professional regulation of nursing practice.
Course reviews the more complex aspects of Spanish grammar and expands vocabulary for conversation.
Course reviews the principle concepts of research design and evaluation.
Course reviews various networking principles and requirements.
Course revolves around developing a software and hardware solution for a small business.
Course rules Course rules are detailed in the Rules Handbook.
Course run under the guidance of a qualified dog trainer.
Course runs rain or shine so appropriate adaptable clothing is required.
Course runs same times as Mt. sac.
Course satisfies the requirement for a first course in psychology.
Course satisfies the requirement for a first course in sociology.
Course scheduling Course scheduling is geared towards the working professional.
Course screens all display the retrieved course's title in the upper right.
Course sequences, a seminar sequence, and weekly area meetings provide the core instruction.
Course serves as a catalyst in the movement of products from production to use and consumption.
Course serves as a complement to human physiology.
Course serves as an introduction to alcohol and related drug abuse.
Course serves as companion to speedbuilding courses.
Course serves as companion to speedbuilding curriculum.
Course serves only as elective credit for students minoring in education.
Course set up is similar to a golf course.
Course setting of multiday events on one map or team course setting are possible.
Course shows how to control any size project and handle multiple high priorities.
Course shows the way forward.
Course simulates independent research, using modern molecular genetics techniques.
Course smells can bring back warm memories.
Course specializes in architectural drafting.
Course start date.
Course starts at east end of parking lot.
Course starts in first semester.
Course starts on the dam and heads west to a very scenic circle.
Course starts soon.
Course starts with a long down hill followed by rollies and flat terrain.
Course stop away the nerve therefore progress pied piper of hamelin.
Course stresses application of theory and methods to specific topics in sociology.
Course stresses basic skills, such as spelling and grammar.
Course stresses complex health needs of adults.
Course stresses development of student s ability to analyze and develop sound strategy.
Course stresses development of student's ability to analyze and develop sound strategy.
Course stresses outlining, note taking techniques, exam strategies and time management.
Course stresses participation in fieldwork.
Course stresses practical application of decision-making tools.
Course stresses practical formulation of simulation design fundamentals.
Course stresses student involvement in exercises, discussions and group projects.
Course stresses the identification of appropriate data sets and methods.
Course stresses the importance of mathematics in understanding the basic physical concepts.
Course stresses the integration of knowledge through a variety of experiential assignments.
Course stresses the research report as well as modeling techniques.
Course stresses understanding of the nature of basic scientific issues.
Course strikes a balance between theory and practice.
Course studies the design of computerized systems to support individual or organizational decisions.
Course studies the human factor within information systems development.
Course studies the unique issues of managing in non-native culture.
Course syllabi are a common component of a teaching portfolio.
Course syllabi are acceptable substitutes for catalog descriptions.
Course syllabi are available as indicated.
Course syllabi are available here .
Course syllabi are available in Adobe Acrobat format.
Course syllabi are available on-line for the classes highlighted below.
Course syllabi are even available.
Course syllabi are most helpful for the evaluation of a previously taken course.
Course syllabi are often quite informative, so including a few representative syllabi.
Course syllabi are unobtrusive but powerful indicators of what takes place in classrooms.
Course syllabi provide more detail about each of the courses listed below.
Course syllabi reflect the concern for clear and concise objectives.
Course syllabus goes on-line.
Course syllabus is available with objectives, evaluation methods and bibliography.
Course syllabus is available.
Course syllabus reflects rationale for course placement within the curriculum sequence.
Course takes place in the outdoors with some hiking and overnight stays in primitive conditions.
Course takes place over ten-week quarter.
Course teaches defensive techniques and new traffic regulations.
Course teaches faculty how to manage and customize a theme.
Course teaches how to monitor and maintain a network.
Course teaches safety measures at work, play and in the home.
Course teaches specific diseases, causes and treatments.
Course teaches teamwork communication, and collaborative learning skills.
Course teaches teamwork, communication, and collaborative learning skills.
Course teaches the fundamental skill needed to manage a network effectively.
Course teaches the fundamental skills needed to manage a network effectively.
Course tells it all.
Course there are some bad ones too.
Course there is a positive to it.
Course there is the alternative.
Course there is.
Course trains students in their environment on their configured system.
Course treats issues in which law and religion meet, overlap, and conflict within Israel.
Course uses a hands-on approach to teach the history and capabilities of the Internet.
Course uses case studies.
Course uses case study method from a variety of policy areas.
Course uses commercially available software.
Course uses either seminar or work-shop format.
Course uses either seminar or workshop format.
Course uses factory supported resource materials to attain on the job skill performance objectives.
Course uses multivariate calculus and optimization.
Course uses printed texts, videos and has tutorial support and a residential school.
Course uses reading, writing, discussion, and lecture, as well as many guest speakers.
Course uses social science perspectives and data in decision making.
Course utilizes advanced material and research drawn from topic areas within management.
Course utilizes an Internet site for all course material as a model for distant learning education.
Course utilizes basic report forms and records systems.
Course utilizes carefully selected materials from various texts and current journal articles.
Course utilizes current techniques to explore molecular biology, botany, evolution, and ecology.
Course utilizes lecture, demonstrations, student projects, and field experiences.
Course utilizes material from existing music theatre literature.
Course utilizes programming as well as various numerical software tools.
Course varies according to interests of instructor and students.
Course varies according to topic.
Course varies each term.
Course varies from semester to semester.
Course varies with topic offered.
Course varies with topic selected.
Course vary from one to two semesters in length.
Course wipe with little hundred unless favor bicycling tour.
Course work at a local college or university is just one avenue.
Course work at other institutions, conferences, seminars, clinic fees and expenses.
Course work at the advanced level taken on an approved study program abroad.
Course work at the elementary level taken on an approved study pro-gram abroad.
Course work at the elementary level, taken on an approved study pro-gram abroad.
Course work at the graduate level in cognate disciplines is encouraged.
Course work at the graduate level taken on an approved study program abroad.
Course work at the intermediate level taken on an approved study pro-gram abroad.
Course work at the intermediate level taken on an approved study program abroad.
Course work at the two campuses is treated interchangeably in graduate programs.
Course work currently in progress.
Course work during the first year takes place in the Washington, D.C., area.
Course work emphasis on treatment planning, documentation, and introduction to clinical reasoning.
Course work for all four divisions requires a great deal of writing.
Course work for correspondence classes is sent through the mail.
Course work for full-time students is usually completed during the first year of study.
Course work for gifted students.
Course work for most programs is offered at both campuses.
Course work for the class comprised six problem sets, a midterm, and a final.
Course work for the English-film option consists of mainly history and theory.
Course work for the latter track tends to be more specialized and narrowly oriented.
Course work for the master's degree program is distributed among the following four components.
Course work for the music major follows an established sequential pattern.
Course work for the PhD comprises the following.
Course work for the subjects consists of tutorials, seminars and written projects.
Course work for the supporting minor is selected in consultation with the undergraduate advisor.
Course work from other colleges and institutions is evaluated for transfer on an individual basis.
Course work in a foreign language is suggested.
Course work in a learning community includes collaborative research activities.
Course work in a medieval language, as described below.
Course work in a related minor field is required.
Course work in accounting and statistics is a prerequisite.
Course work in accounting preferred.
Course work in all curricula provides knowledge of tools and techniques useful for decision making.
Course work in an academy is delivered so that students can apply their learning.
Course work in an area of specialization or exploration completes the program course requirements.
Course work in architectural planning begins with environmental impact as a premise.
Course work in architectural preservation.
Course work in both biological and physical sciences.
Course work in both programs consists of a major, minor, inquiry skills, and electives.
Course work in calculus is required.
Course work in calculus, trigonometry and physics helped boost scores.
Course work in communication arts, humanities, and natural sciences is encouraged.
Course work in geology or hydrogeology is preferred.
Course work in learning theory, human development curriculum and supervision.
Course work in most majors is available.
Course work in nursing begins in the freshman year with an introduction to professional nursing.
Course work in organic and inorganic chemistry, biology, physics and mathematics through calculus.
Course work in quantitative analysis, organic chemistry, physics, and calculus is recommended.
Course work in quantitative areas enhances job opportunities for economic majors.
Course work in statistics from a regionally accredited or candidate from accredited institution.
Course work in the arts and art history is also desirable.
Course work in the college is organized on a multidisciplinary and policy-oriented basis.
Course work in the core fields of physics is required of all students.
Course work in the creative and performing arts.
Course work in the curriculum meets the criteria for a business minor.
Course work in the electronics programs is a balance between classroom lectures and laboratory work.
Course work in the field can enhance any major program offered at the university.
Course work in the freshman and sophomore years is quite similar to all four options.
Course work in the identification and education of children with special education needs.
Course work in the junior and senior years is offered exclusively via electronic distance learning.
Course work in the major follows.
Course work in the major is started the first semester that the student is on campus.
Course work in the other three subfields of anthropology is desirable.
Course work in the second year can vary with the individual's choice of electives.
Course work in various methodologies is required as well as internship experiences.
Course work No courses in summer.
Course work outside the department is encouraged.
Course work tackles the special requirements of writing for postgraduate work.
Course work The college had sent two lecturers to the scene of the rescue operation in France.
Course work The graduate bulletin contains all of the information about course requirements.
Course work throughout the program of the college includes Internet research projects.
Course work throughout the semester includes class discussion and laboratory activities.
Course work to advance through the second year if applicable.
Course work toward the graduate degree is very flexible.
Course work typically focuses on subjects related to the research project.
Course Work Upon admission to the program, a preliminary advisor is assigned.
Course work with grades of C or better transfers.
Course workbooks and materials.
Course works in economics, statistics, finance, and accounting are preferred.
Course wrap up.
Courses accept major credit cards, except where noted.
Courses actually are from various accredited schools and universities.
Courses address both the art and the science of food preparation.
Courses address real-world business issues and relate workplace skills to student experience.
Courses address the future of print and electronic media.
Courses address the theoretical and practical concerns within the discipline of art.
Courses address theoretical and pragmatic aspects of linguistic services.
Courses addressing a single large life issue are most welcome.
Courses aim at developing officers who are both effective leaders and managers.
Courses aim at maximum relevance to the state of knowledge and professional practice.
Courses aim to build confidence in chemical problem-solving.
Courses allow for individual creativity as well as teamwork.
Courses allow someone to teach a course utilized in a program for which they are certified to teach.
Courses allow students to work independently outside of class.
Courses also acquaint participants with current trends and issues affecting the industry.
Courses also address communication professionals' legal, ethical, and social responsibilities.
Courses also address issues related to passenger transportation.
Courses also address the study of folklore and mythology in literature.
Courses also aim to develop students' abilities to express their ideas orally and in writing.
Courses also are valuable for professional development and career advancement.
Courses also can be custom tailored upon request.
Courses also center on intensive studies of some of the great psychologists.
Courses also cover interviewing, field reporting and editing.
Courses also cover study skills, including academic writing and giving presentations.
Courses also cover the philosophy of education, teaching methods, and the psychology of learning.
Courses also cover the theoretical considerations of practice, professional issues and research.
Courses also differ depending upon the immediacy and amount of interaction that occurs.
Courses also give exposure to graded literary texts and to Arabic culture and civilization.
Courses also guide students to the best of Paris through on-site drawing and painting sessions.
Courses also have a registration deadline.
Courses also indicate prerequisites and other requirements to be met.
Courses also make use of the internet using the department's server and electronic mail.
Courses also qualify students for a math endorsement.
Courses also run very well in hands-on training facilities.
Courses also target management, teambuilding, leadership, and other career development skills.
Courses alternate between super bikes and motocross.
Courses alternate, making the program basically different each year.
Courses appear in date order.
Courses apply as well to the high school diploma.
Courses apply to certification.
Courses apply toward certification and licensing in child care centers.
Courses are a combination of hands-on computer work and lecture.
Courses are a great start.
Courses are a lot more intense and the social aspects are more distracting.
Courses are a series of courses covering a wide range of topics.
Courses are academic and non-sectarian in nature.
Courses are academic in nature and non-sectarian.
Courses are accessible to students with a baccalaur at or equivalent qualification.
Courses are actions.
Courses are active backcountry trips to some of the most spectacular alpine areas in the East.
Courses are all industry certified in their respective fields.
Courses are all multidisciplinary.
Courses are almost breathtaking here, so it's good to take a moment from lusty eating.
Courses are also appropriate for teacher licensure renewal or individual professional growth.
Courses are also assigned levels of difficulty.
Courses are also available during an eight-week term each summer.
Courses are also available during summer sessions.
Courses are also available for brokers licensure and certified appraiser.
Courses are also available for continuing professional education credit.
Courses are also available for non-forestry workers, such as farmers and council workers.
Courses are also available for students interested in teaching driver's education.
Courses are also available for upgrade training.
Courses are also available in a variety of modes including on campus classes and on-line delivery.
Courses are also available in Arabic.
Courses are also available in comparative political systems and political theory and methodology.
Courses are also available in correspondence format.
Courses are also available in design, development and applications.
Courses are also available in film, video and calligraphy.
Courses are also available in math, music and the natural sciences.
Courses are also available in philosophy, geography, history, politics, religion, and sociology.
Courses are also available in psychological assessment, chemical dependency, and grant writing.
Courses are also available in Spanish , French , speech and art .
Courses are also available on a regional basis.
Courses are also available on an as-needed basis for public sector groups.
Courses are also available on an in-company basis.
Courses are also available on video and are circulated by the library.
Courses are also available online.
Courses are also available through distance education.
Courses are also available through evening school enrollment.
Courses are also available via the Internet with no required on-campus meetings.
Courses are also available with the institute.
Courses are also available, under licence, to training companies and for in-house training.
Courses are also available.
Courses are also helpful for self-confidence and public speaking.
Courses are also open to all non-consortium members.
Courses are also open to auditors.
Courses are also open to non-consortium educators and their communities.
Courses are also open to professionals seeking continuing education.
Courses are also open to qualified persons who wish to upgrade present job skills.
Courses are also open to students on a volunteer basis.
Courses are also open to students who are residents of the United States.
Courses are also open to students whose primary interests are in other fields.
Courses are also organised for adults and for children in springboard diving.
Courses are also organised for recognised sports coaching awards.
Courses are also organised in participatory planning, monitoring and evaluation.
Courses are also subject to change.
Courses are always well marked.
Courses are an excellent training opportunity for paraprofessionals and graduate students.
Courses are an ongoing activity at some locations.
Courses are applicable to a degree program or sabbatical study.
Courses are applicable to certification and degree requirements within program guidelines.
Courses are appropriate for computer-users, Business entrepreneurs and professionals.
Courses are appropriate for students in all majors.
Courses are assignment centered rather than text and lecture centered.
Courses are asynchronous and accessible twenty-four hours a day.
Courses are at all levels from beginners to advanced.
Courses are at the applied or open level.
Courses are at the undergraduate level.
Courses are available all over the world.
Courses are available all year round at all levels.
Courses are available and listed separately in both non-credit terms.
Courses are available any place and at any time.
Courses are available anywhere, anytime, and on-demand.
Courses are available as both degree credit and non-degree credit.
Courses are available as day or evening classes.
Courses are available as single units.
Courses are available at a basic, intermediate or advanced level.
Courses are available at a large number of universities and other higher education institutions.
Courses are available at all levels from beginning to advanced.
Courses are available at all levels of education that count as credit at other institutions.
Courses are available at all levels.
Courses are available at beginner and intermediate levels.
Courses are available at beginner, intermediate and advanced levels.
Courses are available at both public and private institutions.
Courses are available at both the graduate and undergraduate level.
Courses are available at both the masters and doctoral level.
Courses are available at colleges and universities as well.
Courses are available at introductory and advanced levels.
Courses are available at most herbal colleges in Canada.
Courses are available at significant volume discounts.
Courses are available at the customer's site or in our training centers.
Courses are available at the preparatory, junior, and senior levels.
Courses are available at undergraduate and postgraduate level.
Courses are available at universities, colleges and institutions of higher education.
Courses are available at various levels, from absolute beginners to advanced conversation classes.
Courses are available both at the undergraduate level and the graduate level.
Courses are available both day and evening.
Courses are available both locally and internationally and cover a variety of subjects.
Courses are available both to international students and to immigrants.
Courses are available by mail.
Courses are available by the week, day, half day or hour.
Courses are available day and evening.
Courses are available day, evenings and weekends as well as on-line.
Courses are available days, evenings, and weekends.
Courses are available during afternoons, evenings, and in the summer.
Courses are available during day and evening, and also through independent study.
Courses are available during the day, evening, and weekend.
Courses are available during the day, evening, or weekend.
Courses are available during the day, in the evening and on weekends.
Courses are available during the day, in the evening as well as on weekends.
Courses are available during two summer terms.
Courses are available each quarter at no cost to the student on a space available basis.
Courses are available each semester including summer session.
Courses are available either days or evenings.
Courses are available either singly or in suites.
Courses are available elsewhere for other applications of psychology - such as legal psychology.
Courses are available entirely over the Internet.
Courses are available for a six month subscription period.
Courses are available for a variety of defensive weapons and situations.
Courses are available for absolute beginners up to advanced sailors.
Courses are available for adults and children, beginners and improvers.
Courses are available for adults and teens, and are offered four times per year.
Courses are available for all ages and levels of proficiency.
Courses are available for all ages and range from beginner level through instructor level training.
Courses are available for all skill levels.
Courses are available for all supported hardware platforms and application software.
Courses are available for beginners and equipment is available for hire for experienced divers.
Courses are available for beginners and equipment is available for hire for more experienced divers.
Courses are available for beginners as well as experienced speakers.
Courses are available for beginners as well as for experienced information professionals.
Courses are available for beginners through advanced racers.
Courses are available for beginners up to advanced speakers.
Courses are available for beginning, intermediate and advanced Spanish students.
Courses are available for both adults and children and offer a wide range of opportunities.
Courses are available for developmental math, reading and writing.
Courses are available for English speakers to learn French and German.
Courses are available for English speakers to learn Italian and Spanish.
Courses are available for everyone from the beginner to the seasoned veteran.
Courses are available for graduate credit or for continuing education credit.
Courses are available for individual purchase or through two annual subscriptions programs.
Courses are available for in-house delivery or another location of choice.
Courses are available for investors with any level of experience.
Courses are available for most languages and most levels from beginners to advanced.
Courses are available for most popular operating systems and applications.
Courses are available for national and international transprotationgroups and individuals.
Courses are available for non-degree seeking students interested in courses for personal enrichment.
Courses are available for pistol, rifle, and shotgun at varying levels of skill.
Courses are available for players to qualify as coaches.
Courses are available for professionals seeking further education in the field of event management.
Courses are available for registered students.
Courses are available for schools or other educational entities to use in their classroom.
Courses are available for schools, groups, youth organisations and individuals.
Courses are available for science and non-science students.
Courses are available for students in the various faculties.
Courses are available for students to graduate in four years.
Courses are available for students with intermediate and advanced skills in Spanish.
Courses are available for technical and non-technical professionals.
Courses are available for the latest software, programming languages, and operating systems.
Courses are available for touch-typing, word, excel and power point.
Courses are available for undergraduate college credit.
Courses are available for various levels of Spanish proficiency.
Courses are available for viewing on television or tapes are available for rent.
Courses are available for youth.
Courses are available from basic spins and unusual attitudes to unlimited aerobatics .
Courses are available from beginning through advanced levels.
Courses are available from both private sector providers and state agencies.
Courses are available full time, part time, and online.
Courses are available if supplemental work is needed.
Courses are available immediately worldwide.
Courses are available in a distance learning format only.
Courses are available in a number of areas in addition to French language and literature.
Courses are available in a number of departments depending on the interests of the students.
Courses are available in a number of formats designed to suit specific learning objectives.
Courses are available in a range of subjects and are held during the day as well as in the evenings.
Courses are available in a range of subjects and are held during the day as well as the evenings.
Courses are available in a variety of formats at weekends, evenings or by external study.
Courses are available in a variety of major fields.
Courses are available in a variety of majors.
Courses are available in a wide range of fields, and most course needs can be met.
Courses are available in architectural, mechanical, and electronic drawing.
Courses are available in areas of the sciences, social sciences and the humanities.
Courses are available in art, computers, foreign language, music, and other general interest areas.
Courses are available in biology and women s studies.
Courses are available in both English and Hebrew.
Courses are available in both english and spanish.
Courses are available in both instructor-led and online training.
Courses are available in both internal and extramural modes.
Courses are available in business, economics and accounting.
Courses are available in classrooms or on-line.
Courses are available in classrooms or through distance education.
Courses are available in convenient, flexible delivery formats.
Courses are available in credit and non-credit modes.
Courses are available in cultural anthropology, education, history, and nursing.
Courses are available in diverse scientific fields and at varying levels of complexity.
Courses are available in drawing, painting, photography, and sculpture.
Courses are available in English composition and basic mathematics.
Courses are available in English for students who have elementary German language skills.
Courses are available in English in a variety of disciplines.
Courses are available in English language for overseas students.
Courses are available in English, but prior German language study is recommended.
Courses are available in English, math, social studies and certain science courses.
Courses are available in English, Spanish and French.
Courses are available in English, Spanish, or German on request.
Courses are available in English.
Courses are available in French and German.
Courses are available in French language, phonetics, conversation, literature and culture.
Courses are available in German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Dutch, Chinese, Korean, and Japanese.
Courses are available in groups or on an individual basis.
Courses are available in half and full day sessions.
Courses are available in Hebrew language at all levels.
Courses are available in history, government, economics, English, mathematics and even electives.
Courses are available in humanities and social sciences as well as French language and literature.
Courses are available in hundreds of subject including the Internet.
Courses are available in Italian language, culture, literature, art history, and political history.
Courses are available in late afternoon and evening to accommodate the working professionals.
Courses are available in Mandarin and other languages.
Courses are available in many disciplines.
Courses are available in many languages at several levels.
Courses are available in many media and all involve direct experience in creative activity.
Courses are available in methods of public opinion polling and the use of computer techniques.
Courses are available in most large cities.
Courses are available in most major subject areas.
Courses are available in music performance, theory, and history.
Courses are available in music theory, history, and literature.
Courses are available in nearly all majors.
Courses are available in New York City and other cities in the United States, Europe and Brazil.
Courses are available in New York City, and other cities in the United States, Europe and Brazil.
Courses are available in New York.
Courses are available in North America and in Europe.
Courses are available in open learning and on-line formats.
Courses are available in policy advocacy and conflict transformation.
Courses are available in politics, economics, history, and other subjects.
Courses are available in politics, law, economics, political economy, and social sciences.
Courses are available in practically every academic discipline.
Courses are available in reading, math, the arts, computer literacy, and more.
Courses are available in six regions and are designed to enhance skills in science teaching.
Courses are available in Spanish language, culture, history and literature.
Courses are available in Spanish, French, German, Latin, Japanese and Russian.
Courses are available in sports such as scuba diving, golf and weight training.
Courses are available in the afternoons and evenings.
Courses are available in the daytime and evenings, weekdays and weekends.
Courses are available in the daytime or evening.
Courses are available in the evening at least once per year.
Courses are available in the evening or, if more convenient, during the day.
Courses are available in the evening to accommodate employed students.
Courses are available in the evenings and over the summer to accommodate participants' schedules.
Courses are available in The United States, as well as Internationally.
Courses are available in three formats, which are classroom, self-study and accelerated review.
Courses are available in two versions for the web.
Courses are available individually or in a money-saving package.
Courses are available leading to the major and minor in Spanish and to minors in French and German.
Courses are available monthly.
Courses are available morning, afternoon, evening and weekends.
Courses are available mornings and evenings on three campuses.
Courses are available now.
Courses are available on a continuous basis all the year.
Courses are available on a day, evening, or weekend schedule.
Courses are available on a flexible learning basis with tutor support and a short summer school.
Courses are available on a regular basis.
Courses are available on all aspects of end user communications.
Courses are available on all levels, and diving excursions for qualified divers.
Courses are available on an in-house basis, and also in a distance education format.
Courses are available on both a full and part-time basis, day or evening.
Courses are available on both campused, day and evening.
Courses are available on both campuses, day and evening.
Courses are available on request.
Courses are available on site and via interactive television.
Courses are available on the web.
Courses are available online for graduate credit or for continuing education.
Courses are available online or by mail.
Courses are available on-line or through traditional correspondence.
Courses are available online to facilitate access throughout Florida.
Courses are available online, and even entire degree programs.
Courses are available online.
Courses are available only at the fee quoted, exclusive of regular, full-time tuition.
Courses are available over television, video, multimedia and the Internet.
Courses are available over the Internet, intranets, or CD, without the use of additional software.
Courses are available over the Internet.
Courses are available primarily morning-afternoon.
Courses are available that cover elementary seamanship through celestial navigation.
Courses are available that help coastal managers make the most effective use of new technology.
Courses are available that provide students with hands-on experience.
Courses are available through flexible delivery and conventional on-campus modes.
Courses are available through flexible delivery, distance education and on-campus modes.
Courses are available through local colleges of further and higher education.
Courses are available through many of our charters, and on most trips.
Courses are available throughout the country.
Courses are available throughout the day and during the evening hours.
Courses are available throughout the year.
Courses are available to all educators at no charge.
Courses are available to all high school students in Ohio.
Courses are available to all potential participants in each of the schools.
Courses are available to anyone wishing to participate.
Courses are available to become better equipped in pastoral care work.
Courses are available to both boarding and day students.
Courses are available to complete English studies.
Courses are available to every level of college student from freshmen to graduate students.
Courses are available to graduate students in all disciplines and to interested faculty.
Courses are available to help students develop computing skills.
Courses are available to help with writing in CGI making sure security issues are high.
Courses are available to men, women, and children.
Courses are available to non-program counselors and graduate students.
Courses are available to prepare students for international language examinations.
Courses are available to qualified students anywhere in the world.
Courses are available to satisfy the prerequisites.
Courses are available to students for six months.
Courses are available to train volunteers in the identification of common species.
Courses are available via distance delivery.
Courses are available via live interactive television throughout Indiana.
Courses are available via regular mail or email for a modest fee.
Courses are available via satellite or directly to the desktop through the Web.
Courses are available via the Internet and videotaped correspondence.
Courses are available weekdays and limited weekends.
Courses are available weekdays, evenings and weekends.
Courses are available whenever students have the time and where they have access to the Internet.
Courses are available worldwide.
Courses are available year round.
Courses are available.
Courses are between one and five weeks in length.
Courses are both innovative and practical.
Courses are both practical and theoretical.
Courses are both theoretical and practical.
Courses are both theoretical and practice-oriented.
Courses are business courses with an application to sport.
Courses are busy year round, and many Insiders consider fall the most favorable time to play.
Courses are clearly and truthfully described.
Courses are closed or cancelled based on the number of paid enrollments.
Courses are closed,i.e. specific to one client at a time.
Courses are co-educational unless listed otherwise.
Courses are college level equivalent with homework, tests, papers, etc.
Courses are colour-coded to indicate the level of difficulty.
Courses are compact, meeting four to five days per week for each session offered.
Courses are comparative in several ways.
Courses are comparatively long and expensive.
Courses are competency-based and stress results and practical knowledge over theory.
Courses are compulsory, but there is also a wide variety of electives.
Courses are computer and faculty evaluated.
Courses are concerned with a variety of subject matter and content related issues.
Courses are constantly being added, so check back often.
Courses are content based with emphasis on classroom application integrated into course materials.
Courses are contingent upon pre-registration.
Courses are continuous with no set starting or ending time.
Courses are critical, historical, multi-disciplinary, and cross cultural.
Courses are cross-listed in the schedule.
Courses are cross-listed.
Courses are crowded and overpriced, chemicals run off into watersheds.
Courses are currently available in English and Japanese.
Courses are currently available in South Dakota , Nebraska , Montana , Minnesota and Canada .
Courses are currently available on video and audio tape.
Courses are currently available online in the aviation studies area of concentration.
Courses are currently free of charge to high school students.
Courses are custom designed and are arranged on an individual basis.
Courses are custom designed following a needs assesment evaluation session.
Courses are custom-designed and are tailored to the specific language needs of each organization.
Courses are custom-tailored to provide comprehensive training with measurable results.
Courses are dependent upon sufficient enrollment.
Courses are designed for professional and personal development.
Courses are determined in consultation with the major adviser.
Courses are determined in consultation with the supervisory committee.
Courses are developed around concepts and the problems and situations students encounter.
Courses are devoted to French language, French literature, history of art, and French history.
Courses are different for the science and studies minors.
Courses are difficult to find after hunting seasons begin, however.
Courses are direction.
Courses are discussion-oriented with group interaction.
Courses are diverse in pedagogical approaches and technology platforms.
Courses are diverse, practical and standards-led.
Courses are divided into four categories - one unit is required in each.
Courses are easier for students to find as well.
Courses are ecological systems in a state of flux.
Courses are education.
Courses are either modern or pre-modern within the divisions.
Courses are either of two or four semester hours.
Courses are either six or eight weeks in length.
Courses are either specialized or broad in scope.
Courses are either three or four credit hours.
Courses are entirely 'hands-on' and cater for users with all levels of expertise.
Courses are equally valuable for students who plan to study at the doctoral level.
Courses are equivalent only if comparable emphasis and class time has been committed to the topic.
Courses are equivalent to on-campus courses in content and credit.
Courses are equivalent to three semester hours of credit except where noted.
Courses are exciting, timely, and concise.
Courses are extremely affordable, fun and a great workout.
Courses are extremely interactive and are usually based on open discussions rather than lectures.
Courses are facilities.
Courses are fee-based.
Courses are field oriented and provide substantial experience in applications within disciplines.
Courses are filling up quickly, so call soon to register.
Courses are five weeks in length.
Courses are flexible and are tailored to organisations' and individual's needs.
Courses are flexible and designed so that everyone improves at their own pace.
Courses are flexible enough to adapt to different training conditions.
Courses are Focused on a Central Theme .
Courses are focused on what is needed to meet job and career requirements and goals.
Courses are for beginner webmasters who are working with non-governmental organization.
Courses are for members and non-members.
Courses are for one semester except German language.
Courses are for one to three people.
Courses are for six months.
Courses are for students with high intermediate to advanced language skill.
Courses are for the Toronto region.
Courses are for two days and a minimum of six students is required.
Courses are formal intern training programs ranging in length from three to twelve months.
Courses are four credit hours or two credit hours.
Courses are four hours in length, reducing employee time away from task.
Courses are free and can be viewed by anyone connected to the Internet.
Courses are free and easy to take.
Courses are free and for pay.
Courses are free and held evenings and weekends.
Courses are free and include lunch.
Courses are free and open to all staff who have their line manager's permission.
Courses are free and open to anyone who wants to participate .
Courses are free and open to the public.
Courses are free but limited to women who live in Bossier Parish.
Courses are free during the fall and spring semesters.
Courses are free for currently enrolled high school students.
Courses are free of charge and creche facilities are available for most daytime courses.
Courses are free of charge to high school students.
Courses are free of charge, all over the world, to any one who is leagally blind.
Courses are free of charge.
Courses are free of charges for members, except radio procedure.
Courses are free of commercial bias.
Courses are free to all staff.
Courses are free to both members and non-members.
Courses are free to educators in school divisions which are consortium or institutional members.
Courses are free to people in receipt of benefit.
Courses are free to regular staff.
Courses are free to the public, but there are membership drives to raise funds for maintenance.
Courses are free, and registration is due one month before each course offering.
Courses are free, but advance registration is required.
Courses are free.
Courses are from four to six days in length.
Courses are full days, two part over two days or three hours in length.
Courses are full term unless otherwise noted.
Courses are full-time and are offered over an academic year or several summers.
Courses are fun, inexpensive and make boating more enjoyable.
Courses are generally acceptable for certification in other states.
Courses are generally co-taught by two faculty, each from one of the four participating units.
Courses are generally equivalent to one academic year.
Courses are generally free-standing, and can be taken independently.
Courses are generally limited to seven craftsmen per class.
Courses are generally open only to students who have been admitted to the program.
Courses are generally upper-level undergraduate courses.
Courses are graded pass or fail.
Courses are graduate level and are open to upper division undergraduate students.
Courses are hands-on and available anytime.
Courses are hands-on and taught by experienced tutors.
Courses are hands-on, activity oriented and highly motivating.
Courses are held on weekends and are designed for business executives and managers.
Courses are highly interactive and usually require extensive fieldwork.
Courses are highly interactive, unlike home study courses.
Courses are in alphabetical order by course prefix.
Courses are in English and Russian, cost depends on course.
Courses are in English and trips are throughout Italy.
Courses are in English, along with Czech language study.
Courses are in English.
Courses are in fact offered in various aspects of Italian history and culture.
Courses are in forums, also.
Courses are in French, and students are evaluated on the same scale as French students.
Courses are in Latin American civilization and culture.
Courses are in process.
Courses are in Spanish, English, and Basque language.
Courses are in the form of simulations, providing a hands-on approach to learning.
Courses are in the morning or afternoon.
Courses are in three categories.
Courses are independent.
Courses are individualized and students progress at their own pace.
Courses are individualized and students progress at their own rate.
Courses are individualized to better serve the special needs of each student.
Courses are individualized.
Courses are individually determined to meet state certification requirements.
Courses are instructor led from our Las Vegas location.
Courses are instructor-led and can be taken anytime, anywhere using an Internet connected computer.
Courses are instructor-led but can be accessed any time of the day most convenient to the student.
Courses are instructor-led utilizing bulletin boards, chat, and an online classroom.
Courses are integral parts of curricula and are, as such, means to certain ends.
Courses are integrated within modules such that application of new material is enhanced.
Courses are intensive and demanding, and it takes long hours to complete studio projects.
Courses are intensive and enable attendees to learn several new skills in a relatively short period.
Courses are intensive and include practical studies in current business practices and technologies.
Courses are intensive and require significant advance preparation by the student.
Courses are intensive with an emphasis on practical participation.
Courses are intensive, yet the atmosphere remains informal.
Courses are interactive and can be used in self-study mode or be led by a remote instructor.
Courses are interactive and offered at two levels to meet the needs of all students.
Courses are interactive and offered at two levels.
Courses are interactive and teacher-directed.
Courses are interactive, and based on actual lectures given in the Yeshiva.
Courses are interdependent and have been structured to provide clinical depth.
Courses are internationaly recognised.
Courses are inter-related and offer a coherent group of technical communication skills.
Courses are lab-intensive, and the programs enjoy reputations for being strong and innovative.
Courses are largely field oriented with a strong emphasis on water resources.
Courses are largely field-oriented, with a strong emphasis on water resources.
Courses are layers.
Courses are lead by world-class design experts.
Courses are likely to be offered part time from next year, funded by the government.
Courses are limited to a maximum of ten students per class.
Courses are limited to about fifteen doctors only .
Courses are limited to eight students.
Courses are limited to law enforcement related professions only.
Courses are limited to one per summer session.
Courses are limited to science and technology fields.
Courses are limited to ten students unless otherwise indicated.
Courses are limited, so apply early.
Courses are listed in day and time order, please check the program carefully.
Courses are lively and combine practical activities, theory and teaching practice.
Courses are mainly appropriate in content but a couple have been toooooo easy.
Courses are mainly conversation based with actual newspapers and videos for variety.
Courses are market driven and are continuously evolving.
Courses are member led by Facilitators who volunteer their time, effort, and expertise.
Courses are mixed graduate and undergraduate in terms of student composition.
Courses are modular based with pre and post links.
Courses are more accessible to a wider range of students.
Courses are more relevant to business goals.
Courses are neither graduate nor undergraduate in nature.
Courses are newly-created each year to reflect current interests and shifts in team personnel.
Courses are non-credit, and each course lasts one week.
Courses are noncredit, but with undergraduate and graduate credit options for additional fees.
Courses are noncredit, with no exams, grades, or homework.
Courses are non-credit.
Courses are noncredit.
Courses are normally a week long during the summer and carry one or two hours of credit.
Courses are normally a week long during the summer and carry one or two semester hours of credit.
Courses are normally available every quarter.
Courses are normally available in the evenings.
Courses are normally three hours a week.
Courses are normally two hours a week.
Courses are normally, half-day, full day or twilight sessions.
Courses are normaly one two years duration in full time mode.
Courses are now available for clients on a privately-held basis.
Courses are now available for individual purchase or through two annual subscriptions programs.
Courses are now available for the different alternatives listed below.
Courses are now designed to provide vocational opportunities and academic awards are available.
Courses are now online.
Courses are of a lecture and seminar style and last the whole year.
Courses are of a specialized nature.
Courses are of four to six years duration.
Courses are of one to five months duration and are conducted in English with some also in French.
Courses are of one-semester duration unless otherwise described.
Courses are of varying length.
Courses are offerd at convenient times and locations.
Courses are offered are local school sites and some financial assistance is provided.
Courses are often available that are in high demand during the regular semesters.
Courses are often difficult to find, especially as few taxi drivers speak English.
Courses are often highly structured.
Courses are often inexpensive.
Courses are often interdisciplinary or multidisciplinary.
Courses are on all levels and some are held in English and Japanese.
Courses are on line.
Courses are on paved mountain roads instead of ski trails.
Courses are on the Utica and Rome campuses.
Courses are one day in length unless stated otherwise in schedule.
Courses are one full credit.
Courses are one semester in length unless noted otherwise.
Courses are one year long.
Courses are ongoing for teachers to learn internet and other computer related skills.
Courses are only good for six years at master's level.
Courses are open around the clock, from any location.
Courses are open as weather permits.
Courses are open daily from dawn to dusk.
Courses are open entry courses.
Courses are open for enrollment for students, staff, and faculty.
Courses are open for students majoring in other graduate programs.
Courses are open for university, high school, and continuing education units credit.
Courses are open from dawn to dusk, seven days a week, including holidays.
Courses are open on a space available basis with the consent of the instructor.
Courses are open only to law enforcement personnel.
Courses are open only to students in the professional program, unless noted otherwise.
Courses are open to admitted dental assisting students only.
Courses are open to adults of all nationalities.
Courses are open to all adults and there are no entry tests or requirements.
Courses are open to all adults.
Courses are open to all certified elementary and secondary teachers.
Courses are open to all female students, faculty and staff and are free of charge.
Courses are open to all female students, faculty and staff.
Courses are open to all individuals interested in learning more about chemical dependency.
Courses are open to all interested students regardless of academic classification.
Courses are open to all interested students.
Courses are open to all staff, as appropriate to their roles and responsibilities.
Courses are open to all students in the university.
Courses are open to all students with an interest in Psychology.
Courses are open to all students, regardless of major, unless otherwise indicated.
Courses are open to all students.
Courses are open to all undergraduate and graduate students.
Courses are open to all undergraduates at participating colleges and universities.
Courses are open to all visiting students.
Courses are open to all women.
Courses are open to all, regardless of previous educational background or experience.
Courses are open to all.
Courses are open to any interested students.
Courses are open to anyone in engineering, design, construction, architecture, or other industries.
Courses are open to anyone who wishes to attend.
Courses are open to anyone with a bachelor's degree.
Courses are open to applicants from all countries.
Courses are open to both California and non-California residents.
Courses are open to both English majors and non-majors.
Courses are open to both matriculated and qualified non-matriculated students.
Courses are open to both men and women.
Courses are open to both the civilian and military communities.
Courses are open to families of international students, faculty and staff.
Courses are open to graduate, undergraduate, degree seeking and non-degree students.
Courses are open to indentured apprentices.
Courses are open to individuals and organizations within the United States.
Courses are open to juniors and seniors only.
Courses are open to members only.
Courses are open to men and women, members and non-members.
Courses are open to nondegree students as well as degree candidates.
Courses are open to psychotherapists of the various clinical disciplines.
Courses are open to registered students only.
Courses are open to sophomores, juniors and seniors and qualified freshmen.
Courses are open to students in all curricula depending on their interests and background.
Courses are open to students in all other curricula depending on their interests and background.
Courses are open to students in almost all major fields of study, including the sciences.
Courses are open to students with required prerequisites and to qualified working professionals.
Courses are open to such students on a space-available basis.
Courses are open to the general public.
Courses are open to the public and the only cost is for the course text materials.
Courses are open to the public.
Courses are open to undergraduate and graduate students.
Courses are open to undergraduates.
Courses are open to women and men.
Courses are open year round, weather permitting.
Courses are optional.
Courses are ordinarily very personal and private, the creation of individual faculty members.
Courses are organised for existing players and beginners where coaching is given.
Courses are organized to capitalize on the work experiences that students bring to the classroom.
Courses are organized to facilitate the student learning process.
Courses are organized to provide a diversity of experience.
Courses are organized to provide a mix of lecture and hands-on experiences.
Courses are part of a flexible, unit-based structure.
Courses are part of meals.
Courses are part of walls.
Courses are part-time and a combination of contact and distance learning.
Courses are password protected.
Courses are payable in advance, on reservation.
Courses are popular and fill quickly.
Courses are possible in lithography, etching, or silk-screen printing.
Courses are postprofessional and designed for physical therapists.
Courses are practical and project-based.
Courses are practical and require work-related projects.
Courses are practically oriented and based on close cooperation with business and industry.
Courses are predominantly critical, historical and theoretical.
Courses are presented in Baltimore, Maryland, and on-site training is also available.
Courses are primarily canoe based with some sea kayak courses.
Courses are primarily for graduate students with an interest in the diverse nature of technology.
Courses are primarily for students with undergraduate degrees in computer science.
Courses are primarily from the Communication and English departments.
Courses are primarily of computer professionals.
Courses are quick and easy to take - choose from three course formats .
Courses are quite inexpensive when compared to U.S. college courses.
Courses are readily available in most communities.
Courses are ready.
Courses are regularly updated to keep abreast of the rapidly changing educational scene.
Courses are reimbursable only if sponsored by fully accredited educational institutions.
Courses are relatively expensive, and ,to a large degree focus on higher income groups.
Courses are relatively flat and winding.
Courses are relatively inexpensive to construct.
Courses are relevant to and can be taken by both members and non-members.
Courses are relevant to the needs of educators and blend theory and practice.
Courses are repeatable for credit.
Courses are repeatable with separate letter designation.
Courses are rigorous and last from several days to several weeks.
Courses are run on an ongoing basis, the location is determined by demand.
Courses are same as last year.
Courses are scenic, challenging, and less crowded than most other areas.
Courses are self paced and employees can review course material as they go.
Courses are self-paced and can be completed in one sitting or over a period of months.
Courses are self-paced and ongoing.
Courses are self-paced but offers email contact with an instructor.
Courses are self-paced.
Courses are semester based or year long and tuition waivers apply.
Courses are semester based, asynchronous courses.
Courses are semester long and courses are taught in a traditional classroom setting.
Courses are semester-based.
Courses are sequential and only offered during a single quarter each year.
Courses are sequential and studentsmust meet prerequisites to move to the next level of a language.
Courses are sequential in nature and many possess prerequisites.
Courses are sequential in nature and taken with peer cohorts in four, semester-long Blocks.
Courses are serieses.
Courses are services and learning environments.
Courses are short, and the results and benefits long term.
Courses are short, inexpensive, user-friendly and empowering.
Courses are short.
Courses are similar to academic sessions and take dedication and time.
Courses are simple and organized for easy learning.
Courses are six to eight hours long and presented in two classroom sessions.
Courses are six weeks long.
Courses are skills and theme based.
Courses are small and discussion-based.
Courses are small and emphasize the reading and critical discussion of primary research articles.
Courses are small and emphasize the reading and discussion of primary research articles.
Courses are small and feature a high proportion of hands-on work.
Courses are small and offer a more personal and creative atmosphere.
Courses are small, personal, and taught by engineering faculty.
Courses are small.
Courses are so much longer today, which offsets the distance gains.
Courses are so organized as to include student participation in classroom discussion.
Courses are specialized according to the needs and interests of the teacher and students.
Courses are specific and are directly related to gaining employment.
Courses are still available.
Courses are subject to a minimum enrollment.
Courses are subject to a separate fee schedule.
Courses are subject to availability and prices are subject to change without notice.
Courses are subject to availability.
Courses are subject to cancellation based on enrollment, personnel or other factors.
Courses are subject to cancellation based on minimum paid enrollment.
Courses are subject to cancellation due to insufficient enrollment.
Courses are subject to cancellation due to lack of enrollment.
Courses are subject to cancellation for insufficient registration.
Courses are subject to cancellation if insufficient registration is received.
Courses are subject to cancellation if student enrollment is less than required minimums.
Courses are subject to cancellation if there are less than five registered students.
Courses are subject to cancellation if there is insufficient enrollment.
Courses are subject to cancellation two weeks in advance due to insufficient enrollment.
Courses are subject to cancellation up to one month in advance.
Courses are subject to cancellation.
Courses are subject to change depending on enrollment and faculty teaching assignments.
Courses are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
Courses are subject to change or cancellation.
Courses are subject to change upon finalizing the workshop schedule each semester.
Courses are subject to change without notice.
Courses are subject to change.
Courses are subject to changes.
Courses are subject to final approval.
Courses are subject to minimum enrollment requirements.
Courses are subject to minimum enrolment.
Courses are subject to minimum registration requirements.
Courses are subject to normal tuition charges, but all other services are free.
Courses are subject to prior approval.
Courses are subject to schedule changes without notice.
Courses are tailor made to address the needs of New Jersey educators.
Courses are team taught in an inter-disciplinary environment.
Courses are team-project oriented using real organizations as clients.
Courses are team-taught and developed within a learning community.
Courses are team-taught by the university faculty and an active science teacher.
Courses are team-taught.
Courses are ten weeks in length.
Courses are text narrative, and include tables, simple graphics, full references.
Courses are the basic units of teaching - usually a set of lectures lasting one session.
Courses are the most effective teaching arrangements to get to know the field of chronobiology.
Courses are the same for both minors.
Courses are thematically related but autonomous.
Courses are therefore fee-based, with a range of flexible options.
Courses are three credits unless otherwise indicated.
Courses are three credits unless otherwise stated.
Courses are three hour and mostly upper division.
Courses are three to six weeks.
Courses are to be added or dropped one at a time.
Courses are to be at the lower-division or introductory level.
Courses are to be chosen in consultation with an advisor.
Courses are to be chosen in consultation with the area requirements and the student advisor.
Courses are to be chosen in consultation with the department adviser.
Courses are to be completed at home.
Courses are to be completed in the semester in which the student registers.
Courses are to be designated by the student's advisor.
Courses are to be determined in consultation between student and adviser.
Courses are to be held according to the needs of the concerned authorities and set schedules.
Courses are to be planned in consultation with the student's adviser.
Courses are to be selected based on the following list.
Courses are to be selected from among graduate offerings in appropriate departments.
Courses are to be selected from no more than four departments.
Courses are to be selected from the following.
Courses are to be selected from the three categories below.
Courses are to be selected in consultation with a departmental advisor.
Courses are to be selected in consultation with advisors in each discipline.
Courses are to be selected in consultation with faculty advisor.
Courses are to be selected in consultation with the department head.
Courses are to be selected on the basis of consultation with the department chair.
Courses are to be selected with the approval of an advisor from the education division.
Courses are to be selected with the approval of the academic advisor.
Courses are to be selected with the approval of the departmental academic advisor.
Courses are to be taken for differentiated grades.
Courses are to be taken in sequence.
Courses are to be taken in the proper sequence.
Courses are to be taken in the sequence shown in the separate programs.
Courses are to teach facts and sometimes, the facts needed careful rewording.
Courses are too pretty.
Courses are too short to permit really effective training.
Courses are traditional lecture mode with minimal interaction and summative evaluation.
Courses are transferable on per course basis.
Courses are tuition free for industry students.
Courses are typical held in the early fall at an outdoor field station or an Illinois university.
Courses are typically grammar and conversation based.
Courses are undergraduate ones, chosen from across the university.
Courses are undergraduate unless otherwise noted.
Courses are university-level and require a certain amount of reading and preparation each week.
Courses are usually available five evenings per week at the Newark campus.
Courses are usually available in the fall, spring, and summer.
Courses are usually easy to enter, and easy to complete.
Courses are usually frozen lake surfaces or open areas of compacted snow.
Courses are usually payable by the term.
Courses are usually self financed.
Courses are usually six to eight weeks in length with one four-hour class per week.
Courses are usually university level courses.
Courses are varied in their methods of teaching.
Courses are varied, and there are offerings for credit as well as non-credit.
Courses are very expensive.
Courses are very flexible as to time.
Courses are very informal and are limited to ten teachers at a time.
Courses are very informal and are taught by volunteers.
Courses are very rigorous at accredited private career colleges and schools.
Courses are very rigorous with long days and evening sessions.
Courses are WEB based, interactive multi media or written communications format.
Courses are well maintained and service is excellent.
Courses are well marked with route marshals stationed throughout.
Courses are widely available.
Courses are year-round.
Courses are, however, designed to be taken asynchronously - at the convenience of the student.
Courses assume some basic knowledge of computers.
Courses based on a quarter-hour system require conversion of quarter to semester hours.
Courses bear credit at the postsecondary level.
Courses bear credit at thepostsecondary level.
Courses become more relevant.
Courses become progressively longer in length, requiring better physical conditioning.
Courses become texts to be read.
Courses begin and end on specific dates, and class work is assigned deadlines.
Courses begin approximately every other month.
Courses begin at various times throughout the year, depending on demand.
Courses begin daily.
Courses begin each fall.
Courses begin each month.
Courses begin every eight weeks during the school year.
Courses begin every spring, summer, and fall at several extension sites .
Courses begin in Palmer, Petersburg, and Fairbanks.
Courses begin in the early spring and run through to the fall.
Courses begin on different dates, depending on the host institution the students have selected.
Courses begin on the dates shown.
Courses begin only on the published dates.
Courses begin throughout the term .
Courses begin with adults who have no knowledge of computer technology.
Courses below are nursing courses only.
Courses below are open to all students other than beginning freshmen, with exceptions as indicated.
Courses below are specifically for undergraduates.
Courses Below is a list of courses that are offered regularly in European studies.
Courses blend informational and competency-based elements.
Courses blend Native and Western knowledge, values, and principles.
Courses bring insights from several scholarly fields to bear on the subject at hand.
Courses build on high school programs and lead to advanced training or employment.
Courses build on previous semester.
Courses build on theories and lessons of earlier classes in the sequence.
Courses build skills and provide practical knowledge.
Courses built during the last decade have a higher perceived level of quality.
Courses built on industrial land often retain relics from the past.
Courses can address very detailed processes or a more comprehensive treatment of the subject matter.
Courses can also enhance awareness of multicultural perspectives.
Courses can also lead into higher education.
Courses can also purchase signage or videos without participating in our sponsorship program.
Courses can assist with certification examinations and include test preparation courses.
Courses can be centrally or field funded.
Courses can be custom designed for businesses.
Courses can be custom-crafted to meet specific organizational goals.
Courses can be either a quarter or a semester in length.
Courses can be either on demand or part of the certification program.
Courses can be either synchronous or asynchronous.
Courses can be from an hour to several days in length.
Courses can be half day, one or two days duration.
Courses can be hands-on and customized courses are available.
Courses can be nursing or non-nursing related.
Courses can be quickly modified as current events or philosophical movements occur.
Courses can be tailor made for any group.
Courses can be tailor made to suit the individual school's needs.
Courses can be tailor-made for the commercial sector.
Courses can be tailor-made to suit the needs of specific groups or businesses.
Courses can cost anywhere from a few dollars to hundreds of dollars.
Courses can easily link to the vast related information sources on the Internet.
Courses can either stand alone or lead to a recognised qualification.
Courses can fulfill both requirements.
Courses can generally include a large variety of audiovisual materials.
Courses can have a positive effect on the environment.
Courses can have custom home pages enabling a connected learning environment.
Courses can have multiple meeting times and places and can have multiple instructors.
Courses can include any material that can be delivered over the Web.
Courses can include operational aspects of the job as well as computer-specific tasks.
Courses can integrate study with work based projects to ensure relevance to employment.
Courses can last from a few hours to a few days depending on the needs of the school.
Courses can last from one day to several months.
Courses can last from one to four hours.
Courses can last two or three weeks.
Courses can lead to a master's degree in education.
Courses can only fulfill the requirements in one area -i.e.
Courses can only meet ONE general education requirement.
Courses can originate from or be delivered to any of the sites.
Courses can range from short tutorial sessions to full-scale seminars.
Courses can range from simple seminars to multi-day courses.
Courses can run anywhere from one to eight weeks in length.
Courses can sell out before the deadline, however.
Courses can simultaneously fulfill both major and minor requirements.
Courses can stand alone or be integrated into a comprehensive improvement program.
Courses can take a fast track or become long-term learning opportunities.
Courses can take the forms of executive briefings, management seminars, or interactive workshops.
Courses can vary in length and content.
Courses can vary year to year and depending upon class enrollment.
Courses carry from one to nine credits, but nearly all offer three credits.
Courses carry full college credit and are scheduled according to employer requirements.
Courses carry no prerequisites unless stated.
Courses carry three credits unless otherwise stated.
Courses carry three semester hours of credit unless otherwise noted.
Courses carry three semester units of credit unless otherwise noted.
Courses carry variable credit.
Courses carrying hyphenated numbers are full year courses extending over the two semesters.
Courses carrying hyphenated numbers are full-year courses extending over two semesters.
Courses cater for graduates from medical laboratory science and general science degrees.
Courses cater to adults of all ages, and ethnic and educational backgrounds.
Courses center on the theories, concepts, and research pertinent to course topics.
Courses challenge students to be curious and use analytical skills to examine cultural assumptions.
Courses challenge students to think, design, build and create.
Courses change and continually improve.
Courses change continually.
Courses change frequently.
Courses change from term to term, year to year.
Courses change periodically.
Courses change regularly and are delivered in three different formats.
Courses change somewhat each year, but are usually offered in the following areas.
Courses change yearly.
Courses charge a fee.
Courses charged at the graduate level are subject to federal and state tax withholdings.
Courses Check out the list of courses that are eligible to use the lab.
Courses Choose any from the course list .
Courses chosen are flat.
Courses click here .
Courses click here.
Courses Click on a category to see more.
Courses Click on a letter below to jump to that location in the list.
Courses Click on an underlined course title below to see a description of the course.
Courses Click on course number for a detailed course outline.
Courses Click on the course for scheduling information.
Courses Click on the course title to go to the course home page.
Courses Click on the courses below to obtain descriptions.
Courses Click on the name of the course to view the brochure.
Courses Click on the title bar to view course information.
Courses Click the course name to view a brief description.
Courses close early.
Courses combine a rigorous conceptual foundation with relevant practical applications.
Courses combine advanced ski instruction with an emphasis on backcountry skills.
Courses combine all orienteering skills.
Courses combine analytical and practical elements, bridging academia with the world of work.
Courses combine classroom and on the job work experience.
Courses combine classroom work as well as work experience.
Courses combine construction and class work for an effective presentation.
Courses combine formal classroom instruction with a variety of social and cultural activities.
Courses combine on-campus seminars, correspondence study and final exams.
Courses combine practical, hands-on computer experience with instructor lecture.
Courses come in a variety of formats, from independent learning to collaborative learning models.
Courses come in all sizes and flavors.
Courses come in four levels of learning to best meet student needs and time schedules.
Courses come with ocha but there is also beer, sake, soft drinks and juice available.
Courses come with scripture and commentary pop-up boxes, as well as glossary support.
Courses coming soon The following courses for IS staff are to be held soon.
Courses commence six times a year.
Courses completed at other schools are subject to the three repeat rule.
Courses completed with a grade of C or better is required.
Courses comprise a combination of trail and gravel and paved roads.
Courses comprise a variety of advanced business topics.
Courses comprise cartography, topographic measurements, spatial information techniques and sources.
Courses comprise four levels placement occurs to placement test.
Courses concentrate on homemaking and low-paid skills like beautician and launderer.
Courses concentrate on the supervision of individual employees.
Courses concerned with cognition, vision, and language are particularly appropriate.
Courses consist of a departmental core, required core, and general electives.
Courses consist of a meal followed by a talk, coffee and discussion groups.
Courses consist of a mixture of didactic, laboratory, and clinical offerings.
Courses consist of fifteen hours of academic work.
Courses consist of four classes, meeting once a week, for four consecutive weeks.
Courses consist of four consecutive semesters of group piano required of all music majors.
Courses consist of four hours of class instruction and one hour of conversation per week.
Courses consist of fundamentals such as calculus, algebra and chemistry.
Courses consist of lecture, discussion, and practical experiences.
Courses consist of lectures and seminars taught by full-time professors.
Courses consist of lectures, class discussion, group work, reading and writing assignments.
Courses consist of printed texts and study guides.
Courses consist of specially written texts and regular assignments.
Courses consist of study skills, mathematics, and writing.
Courses consist of televised lessons, textbook assignments, tests, and written assignments.
Courses consist of ten, three-hour sessions that meet one night per week.
Courses consist of two evening lectures and a field trip.
Courses consists of compulsory subjects, plus a number of elective offerings.
Courses contain a high level of practical experience and real-life case study work.
Courses contain a weekly scheduled laboratory component.
Courses contain information specific to each student and can be accessed from anywhere in the world.
Courses contain practical information relevant to professionals working in specialized fields.
Courses contain student, test, assignment, and score records.
Courses continue to become more difficult as the bikes become stronger and more reliable.
Courses continue to count throughout the senior year.
Courses continue to grow and evolve along with customer demand and RSI expertise.
Courses continue to reflect a growing focus on maturing interests and needs of the adolescent child.
Courses correspond with textbooks from a number of publishers.
Courses cost many hundreds or even thousands of pounds.
Courses count as either business selectives or professional electives.
Courses count as either general electives or professional electives.
Courses count for credits toward a Spanish major or minor.
Courses count for one unit of credit unless otherwise specified.
Courses count in both general studies component and teaching field.
Courses count once in the calculation of minimum hour completed.
Courses count toward graduation and financial aid is available.
Courses cover a broad range of manufacturing issues, while reinforcing a systems approach.
Courses cover a broad range of subjects, time periods, and disciplines.
Courses cover a period of two years.
Courses cover a range of topics and include technology lessons for everyone from novice to expert.
Courses cover a spectrum of experiences and practices met by communication professionals.
Courses cover a variety of general topics and many technical issues.
Courses cover a variety of science areas, math, and computing.
Courses cover a variety of topics.
Courses cover a wide range of topics from theory to practice.
Courses cover a wide spectrum of subjects and prices are available on application.
Courses cover a wide spectrum of topics and levels.
Courses cover a wide variety of topics including local history, geology, music, art, to name a few.
Courses cover accounting, auditing, tax preparation, and related topics.
Courses cover all areas of geology, including some in which there is no active research program.
Courses cover all aspects of navigation as well as safety on the hills.
Courses cover all aspects of theory and practice in museums, including collections management.
Courses cover all aspects of workplace health and safety.
Courses cover an introduction to beam physics as well as various advanced topics.
Courses cover ancient times to present.
Courses cover areas including acting , directing , design , and literature .
Courses cover aspects including abstinence, teen-age pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases.
Courses cover basic accounting and management.
Courses cover basic computer operations and software, communication skills and professionalism.
Courses cover basic electronics to advanced system design using modern simulations tools.
Courses cover basic imposition to advanced imposing.
Courses cover basic nursing concepts and patient care concepts.
Courses cover basic techniques for year-round fishing in ponds, lakes, streams and the ocean.
Courses cover both academic and non-academic subjects.
Courses cover both engineering and management material.
Courses cover both Greek and Roman history.
Courses cover both practical engineering topics and management and cultural issues.
Courses cover both the concepts and processes of biology, as well as various groups of organisms.
Courses cover care, administration and communication skills.
Courses cover classroom management, human development, and education fundamentals.
Courses cover color harmony, use and care of tools and equipment, blueprint reading, and first aid.
Courses cover communications, intelligent information systems, software structures, and databases.
Courses cover computer science, multimedia tools, the Internet, and other topics.
Courses cover cutting-edge strategies, curriculum development, and teaching methods.
Courses cover different content and skill-sets, but all complement one another.
Courses cover domestic and international air, itinerary planning, and worldwide industry procedures.
Courses cover dozens of areas.
Courses cover drafting and blueprint reading, math, applied physics, and chemistry.
Courses cover embedded and real-time development.
Courses cover everything from data acquisition thru signal processing to report writing.
Courses cover field crops, soils, horticulture, and environmental problems.
Courses cover finance, math, accounting, and economics.
Courses cover food preparation and nutrition.
Courses cover general principles in the marketing process, advertising, and retailing.
Courses cover grammar, technical writing, report and business writing, plus much more.
Courses cover health care plans, compensation, retirement plans and global benefits.
Courses cover instruction in grammar, vocabulary and conversation at the beginning level.
Courses cover interpersonal communications , individual and group presentations and public speaking.
Courses cover many aspects of boating safety - from boat handling to reading the weather.
Courses cover material and information included in regular semester offerings.
Courses cover mechanics, sound, heat, and electromagnetism, and incorporate lab work.
Courses cover medical terminology, human anatomy and physiology.
Courses cover medical terminology, human anatomy, physiology and skills in information processing.
Courses cover medical vocabulary, medical document production, and medical office procedures.
Courses cover mobilisation, system configuration, data processing and interpretation.
Courses cover packaging analysis, smart antenna design, and modeling of high-frequency ICs.
Courses cover poetry, prose and drama.
Courses cover principles and practices of marine, aviation and risk insurance.
Courses cover reading, writing, grammar, speaking and listening skills.
Courses cover several community development topics.
Courses cover skeletal manipulation and spinal adjustments.
Courses cover subjects such as role preparation, diction, and auditioning.
Courses cover such areas as criminalistics, forensics, and police-community relations.
Courses cover such diverse areas as aviation, business studies, theatre and tourism.
Courses cover such topics as drug enforcement , major crimes investigation and patrol procedures.
Courses cover taxation, accounting software, and small business management.
Courses cover the basic fields of cultural anthropology, linguistics, and archeology.
Courses cover the basics, from knife skills and sauces to budgeting and ordering ingredients.
Courses cover the full range of security measures for aviation.
Courses cover the fundamentals on each grade level.
Courses cover the gamet of technology experience from novice to expert.
Courses cover the key concepts of web site design, application programming, and e-commerce.
Courses cover the legal, organizational and financial areas underlying employee benefit plans.
Courses cover the major periods in western European art from ancient times to the present.
Courses cover the range of the field.
Courses cover the same topics with shorter sessions spread out over a period of weeks.
Courses cover timely topics.
Courses cover topics in programming, hardware, systems, and theory.
Courses cover topics such as photography, journalism, broadcasting and advertising.
Courses cover topics traditionally considered as both tax and labor-oriented.
Courses cover traditional topics as well as recent advances in biostatistics and in statistics.
Courses cover understanding computers and how to use a variety of popular software packages.
Courses cover visual aesthetics, technique, theory, and practical skills.
Courses covering the listed topics are.
Courses created by companies take much the same tack.
Courses creates courses from user defined modules.
Courses currently taught include organizational psychology and introduction to psychology.
Courses deal with decision-making in a number of organizational contexts.
Courses deal with decision-making processes in a number of organizational contexts.
Courses deal with policy-making processes in a variety of organizational contexts.
Courses deal with the topics of group interaction, ethnic relations, and marriage and the family.
Courses deal with their biology and management.
Courses dealing with Africa are relatively new.
Courses delivered by correspondence, multimedia, E-mail, etc. are all acceptable.
Courses demand a considerable amount of reading and writing.
Courses demonstrate the software testing process through the use of real-world examples.
Courses depend on departmental placement.
Courses depend on engineering major and are complementary to the engineering major.
Courses depend upon availability of faculty.
Courses designated by the computer disk graphic indicate that access to a computer is required.
Courses designated exclusively for satisfaction of preparatory composition are to be disallowed.
Courses designed exclusively for the study of a foreign language are to be disallowed.
Courses designed for non-native speakers introduce students to Russian culture and history.
Courses designed for younger students do no require parents to take the course.
Courses develop skills in a variety of areas from project management to trade and technology skills.
Courses develop skills in listening, speaking, grammar and writing in English.
Courses develop the basic skills and methodologies required for good physical and mental health.
Courses develop the student s ability to speak, understand, read, and write in the target language.
Courses devoted primarily to developing skill in the use of a language are to be disallowed.
Courses devoted primarily to teaching skills are to be disallowed.
Courses differ from instructor to instructor and from semester to semester.
Courses differ in quality and material presentation.
Courses differ in the placement of holes and obstacles, but suffer from an alarming lack of detail.
Courses differ in their placement within an overall program or institutional curriculum.
Courses discuss gender-specific topics when they are relevant.
Courses discuss scientific methodologies used to investigate such phenomena.
Courses do fill and close as preregistration and registration continues.
Courses earn general education requirements as indicated.
Courses earn three units of credit unless otherwise noted.
Courses educate students for professional generalist social work.
Courses embrace both methods and content and address the areas of language, culture, and literature.
Courses emphasize a hands-on approach.
Courses emphasize a wide variety of topics relating to leadership and change.
Courses emphasize analysis, algebra, and geometry.
Courses emphasize both theoretical and practical aspects of food preparation.
Courses emphasize Caribbean related themes.
Courses emphasize chemistry and human biology along with industrial operations.
Courses emphasize conceptual and analytic skill building.
Courses emphasize conceptual factors and analytic skills.
Courses emphasize conversation, presentation skills and integration into Canadian society.
Courses emphasize creativity, technology, and hands-on activities that make learning new and fun.
Courses emphasize critical reading, discussion, and analysis of differing interpretations.
Courses emphasize critical thinking writing, ethical reasoning, and research skills.
Courses emphasize critical thinking, evaluation, and writing.
Courses emphasize development of excellent oral and written communication skills.
Courses emphasize discussion, group projects, and communication exercises.
Courses emphasize East-West business relations.
Courses emphasize field experience and practical application of geologic principles.
Courses emphasize grammar, reading, writing, and listening and speaking.
Courses emphasize history, economics and industry, and gender studies.
Courses emphasize individual and group project assignments.
Courses emphasize intensive management as well as multiple use of forest resources and forest lands.
Courses emphasize life-span development.
Courses emphasize news gathering and writing, commentary and analysis of public affairs.
Courses emphasize practical concerns as well as relevant theoretical background.
Courses emphasize practical concerns as well as the relevant theoretical background.
Courses emphasize practical skills which can be applied immediately in the work setting.
Courses emphasize reading, story, communication, language, and historical and cultural events.
Courses emphasize real-world projects in health care facilities.
Courses emphasize research, writing, and presentation skills.
Courses emphasize strategic management and advanced analytical skills.
Courses emphasize such topics as design, theory, and innovation.
Courses emphasize the basic principles and methods of psychology as an empirical science. .
Courses emphasize the basics of problem solving through theory and practice.
Courses emphasize the close reading of texts as well as modern theories of interpretation.
Courses emphasize the development of analytical skills and the capacity to solve problems.
Courses emphasize the impact of globalization on U.S. and other societies.
Courses emphasize the integration of accounting skills with computer technology.
Courses emphasize the interaction of Earth's processes and features as a global system.
Courses emphasize the practical, rather than the theoretical.
Courses emphasize the research enterprise, and many courses include laboratory components.
Courses emphasize visual problem solving, the physical principles of imaging and image evaluation.
Courses emphasize writing, editing and production.
Courses emphasizing primarily oral, quantitative, or written skills are to be disallowed.
Courses encompass business plan development and offer distinguished entrepreneurs as guest speakers.
Courses encompass the contexts of self, family, society, work and culture.
Courses end on varying dates.
Courses ending in even numbers are full-semester courses.
Courses ending in odd numbers are half-semester courses.
Courses ending in zero have distinctive topics depending on the instructor.
Courses enhance the current elementary school curriculum.
Courses Enter a course name or city or state to find matching courses.
Courses Enter here to get to class pages.
Courses equal four credits.
Courses equally stress the development of written, verbal, and artistic abilities.
Courses evolve over time, so the best source of information is the instructor.
Courses examine everything from ecosystems to spirituality and art.
Courses examine institutions of power and control and the ways people attempt to change society.
Courses examine research and theory about human interactions and relationships within all contexts.
Courses expect players to abide by the established dress code.
Courses explore both historical and current theoretical approaches.
Courses explore issues related to women and gender across academic disciplines.
Courses explore social problems such as racism, poverty, and criminality.
Courses explore social work methods, social policy, socio-behavioral theory and social research.
Courses explore the nature of capital markets as they relate to organizational goals.
Courses explore topics of, by and about women.
Courses extend the sixth grade learning activities.
Courses facilitate transition from high school to college.
Courses fall into eight major topical categories.
Courses fall into low, medium and high cost categories.
Courses fall into one of the categories below.
Courses fall into three categories.
Courses fall into three general categories-orientation, core, and electives.
Courses feature both local and nationally renowned specialists in the topic areas.
Courses feature either hiking, river rafting, canoeing, or working with stock animals.
Courses feature full interactivity with assessments and database connections.
Courses feature hands-on instruction as well as lectures and are taught by working professionals.
Courses feature live tutor help, student 'chats'.
Courses feature on-site studies of the history and geography of the Bible.
Courses feature regular exams, projects, quizzes, and midterm and final exams.
Courses feature several tees for players of differing abilities.
Courses feature streaming video, voice commentary, printable text and supplementary materials.
Courses feature tours of ports, planes, ships, airports, and terminals.
Courses fill quickly as seating is limited.
Courses fill quickly so early registration is recommended.
Courses fill quickly, please return registration form as soon as possible.
Courses fill quickly, so enroll early.
Courses fill quickly.
Courses fill up fast - register as soon as possible to avoid disappointment.
Courses fill up quickly, so register as soon as possible.
Courses fill up quickly, so register early.
Courses fill up quickly.
Courses fill up.
Courses Find the best golf courses from all over the world here.
Courses focus on a comparison of the laws of the United States and the United Kingdom.
Courses focus on acting, musical theatre, dance, and music.
Courses focus on applied technology through a combination of theory and laboratory.
Courses focus on art history, music, studio art, and music performance.
Courses focus on both paper and electronic information.
Courses focus on business and communications, microcomputer technology, language and culture.
Courses focus on business skills needed in today's marketplace.
Courses focus on classic, fundamental techniques and their underlying principles.
Courses focus on complex problem solving, decision making, and creative thinking.
Courses focus on complex problem solving, decision making, and critical thinking.
Courses focus on composition and argumentation issues.
Courses focus on computer software changes and marketing concepts that continue to rapidly evolve.
Courses focus on conversation, grammar, reading, and writing, as well as on test preparation.
Courses focus on curriculum design, staff development, and teacher empowerment.
Courses focus on curriculum structure and issues, trends, and theories.
Courses focus on dating, marital, parental, and other family relationships.
Courses focus on design, use and evaluation of food packaging materials.
Courses focus on developing keyboarding speed and accuracy.
Courses focus on developing solo improvisational skills and working in ensemble environments.
Courses focus on drink recipes, product knowledge, and speed.
Courses focus on engineering management and systems control.
Courses focus on helping students learn both conceptual and functional skills in public relations.
Courses focus on human communication behaviors.
Courses focus on immediate needs and are taught by excellent instructors current in their field.
Courses focus on information science issues.
Courses focus on integrating technology into the classroom and on how to use the latest technology.
Courses focus on interpretation of test results and make use of case study analysis.
Courses focus on intervention strategies for students experiencing reading difficulties.
Courses focus on issues that managers in technology-based organizations typically confront.
Courses focus on Italian language, art history, music, and more.
Courses focus on key theory and practice concepts required for counseling children and adolescents.
Courses focus on live-fire, simulation and classroom training.
Courses focus on marine plants, animals, and ecosystems of the New England coast.
Courses focus on new parallel software tools and new methods to study scientific problems.
Courses focus on oral English proficiency, cross-cultural communication, and practice teaching.
Courses focus on physical distribution and international retailing.
Courses focus on professional advancement, recertification, and personal enrichment.
Courses focus on refining existing skills and developing new strengths.
Courses focus on regulatory issues as well as management training.
Courses focus on social, economic, and ecological consequences of management decisions.
Courses focus on systemic change issues, special education, and alcohol and other drug abuse issues.
Courses focus on teaching and developing curriculum for critical thinking.
Courses focus on the areas of technology, business and management.
Courses focus on the development of perception, concepts, modes of expression and working processes.
Courses focus on the environments of America and of the world from a multiplicity of perspectives.
Courses focus on the intercultural nature of our world.
Courses focus on the knowledge and theoretical bases of science.
Courses focus on the quantitative tools needed for decision-making, forecasting, and data analysis.
Courses focus on the requirements for UK-based media.
Courses focus on the social, historical, and political underpinnings of Sahelian life and culture.
Courses focus on the student's technical specialty with prior approval of the adviser.
Courses focus on the transformation of societies from traditional to modern.
Courses focus on theory, research, and program practice .
Courses focus on theory, research, and program practice.
Courses focus on topics of mutual interest to the study of American and European cultures.
Courses focus on tropical field ecolgy and conservation biology and are taught in English.
Courses focus on water resources, water quality, hazardous waste management and risk assessment.
Courses focus upon managing organizational issues and human resources.
Courses focusing on human biology introduce scientific principles to non-science majors.
Courses focusing on negotiation and mediation also attract large numbers of international students.
Courses focusing upon domestic as well as international topics are available.
Courses follow a semester schedule and are delivered online via the Internet.
Courses follow a semester schedule for completion.
Courses follow an interactive format with an emphasis on practical application of concepts studied.
Courses follow students to different assignments in different locations through distance learning.
Courses follow the traditional university calendar for start and finish dates.
Courses followed by a footnote have prerequisites or corequisites.
Courses Following is a list of courses which have been funded.
Courses foster an interdisciplinary approach to environmental concerns.
Courses foster an interdisciplinary approach to environmental problem-solving.
Courses fulfill general education requirements.
Courses fulfill the Humanities requirement or a major studies elective.
Courses fulfill the philosophy core requirements.
Courses fulfill upper level requirements of the Spanish major.
Courses fulfilling requirements are subject to requirements specified by the minor department.
Courses generally are humanities and social science in orientation.
Courses generally consist of a minimum total of ten three-hour classes.
Courses generally focus on Italian literature, history, art history, music and political science.
Courses generally meet for two days per week with some exceptions as noted below.
Courses generally meet once a week for approximately six weeks.
Courses generally run from three weeks and longer.
Courses generally run rain or shine.
Courses Get information about courses, units, and instructors.
Courses get old and inappropriate, and can simply be deleted when necessary.
Courses give a full understanding of the scientific basis of human impact on the environment.
Courses give particular attention to their own social relevance and career opportunities.
Courses give theoretical training, technical skills, and practical experience.
Courses granted by department are of voluminous content.
Courses have a good amount of detail.
Courses have a good mix of turns from gentle curves to hairpins.
Courses have a limited number of places available.
Courses have a link to the course syllabus.
Courses have a major component of hand-on training to provide the best trained graduates.
Courses have a range of levels from beginner to advanced, and are conducted via e-mail.
Courses have a variety of formats including lectures, seminars, and practical exp eriences.
Courses have a workshop text or a casebook plus a hardback book.
Courses have both synchronous and asynchronous activities.
Courses have clinical orientation, and credentials of author are given.
Courses have clinical, academic and research orientation, and credentials of author are given.
Courses have common prices, making choosing easy.
Courses have different degrees of participation.
Courses have duration of two or three months.
Courses have emphasis on using active student learning principles.
Courses have exceptional club facilities.
Courses have limited enrollment.
Courses have limited space and registration is taken on a first come, first serve basis.
Courses have limited space, and early enrollment is encouraged.
Courses have multiple sessions that build from basic to more complex topics.
Courses have NO homework assignments, exams or grades.
Courses have sben added as needed to meet demand.
Courses have small enrollments allowing considerable interaction between students and faculty.
Courses have summaries and tests for review purposes.
Courses have the contours of the Australian landscape.
Courses have to be paid at the time of registration or a letter of billing authorization provided.
Courses have to survive on their own merits.
Courses having heavier demands for A-V equipment have priority for use.
Courses held by a corporation are exclusive to their employees.
Courses held in the Chicago suburbs are convenient for students working nearby.
Courses help build self-confidence and provide a solid basis to further academic work.
Courses Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Courses help develop supplemental job skills and can provide basic skills for part-time employment.
Courses help participants prepare for career change or advancement.
Courses help students to function as team leaders and team members.
Courses helping students improve writing abilities through continued practice are also important.
Courses here are quite cheap.
Courses here are so popular that plans are already underway to build other guest buildings.
Courses Here are the details of our Internet based courses.
Courses highlighed in yellow are currently full.
Courses highlighted in blue and bold text are open only to online registration.
Courses highlighted in blue bold text are open only to online registration.
Courses includes ten hours of lectures and a final exam.
Courses including development through the life span are acceptable.
Courses incorporate a unique blend of lecture and lab work, involving multiple senses.
Courses incorporate hands-on computer work with live connections to the Internet.
Courses incorporate listening, speaking, reading and writing skills.
Courses incorporate visual, auditory, kinesthetic and tactual instructional options.
Courses indicates that material at the respective link has changed within the last week.
Courses inspire students to think about the themes of truth, beauty, goodness and wisdom.
Courses integrate educational and research activities of the centre.
Courses integrate gross and microscopic structure of the human body systems with their function.
Courses integrate knowledge in the humanities and social sciences with that of the medical sciences.
Courses integrate the study of theory and current practice with research and computer applications.
Courses integrate the use of technology both in professor modeling and student work.
Courses integrate theory and practice and students are engaged in public projects on and off campus.
Courses integrate varied learning styles and multiple intelligences.
Courses introduce a variety of areas of applied mathematics.
Courses introduce students to a core body of economic knowledge and to research skills.
Courses introduce students to forces shaping the development of urban regions.
Courses introduce students to the history, theory, and practice of landscape architecture.
Courses introduce students to the role of the mass media in a democracy.
Courses involve a combination of independent study, arranged practica, and class work.
Courses involve an interplay of theory and application.
Courses involve both classroom content and clinical practicums.
Courses involve both classroom theory and clinical practicums.
Courses involve both individual study and small-group interaction.
Courses involve classroom, laboratory and internship experiences.
Courses involve discussion as well as lectures.
Courses involve four-hour class sessions once a week, generally for five weeks.
Courses involve lectures, workshops, and group projects.
Courses involve reading, writing and audio or video components.
Courses involve the use of emerging technologies and the latest research in effective communication.
Courses is English Jobs.
Courses is on offer.
Courses is repeated four times to complete clinical rotation requirement.
Courses keep lecture and classroom study to a minimum, emphasizing hand-on experiences.
Courses last eight weeks.
Courses last four weeks and can be taken individually or as a part of a sequence.
Courses last nine weeks and include personal study guides, class discussion and topic reviews.
Courses last one hour.
Courses last one to two days and are generally held at the vendor's site.
Courses last two days and training can be tailored to suit groups from different industries.
Courses lay groundwork for many professional certifications.
Courses lead certificates or diplomas.
Courses lead to a Diploma.
Courses lead to a qualification and run from six months to two or more years full-time.
Courses lead to a three-semester certificate.
Courses lead to a wide range of qualifications, from GCSEs and NVQs to MBAs and doctorates.
Courses lead to certificates or diplomas.
Courses lead to qualifications at undergraduate degree level.
Courses lead to recognised qualifications.
Courses leading to a CLAD certificate are available.
Courses leading toward various baccalaureate degrees are also available.
Courses lean more toward application rather than theory.
Courses Learn about our curriculum and course offerings.
Courses Learn information and research skills.
Courses list, contact info.
Courses listed above are for minimum requirements.
Courses listed are currently under development.
Courses listed are examples only.
Courses listed are open to all students, providing they meet the course prerequisites.
Courses listed are open to staff from more than one agency and to individuals.
Courses listed are pending upon approval.
Courses listed are subject to availability and demand.
Courses listed are subject to change.
Courses listed are subject to revision without advance notice.
Courses listed are subject to revision.
Courses listed are therefore subject to change.
Courses listed as having special fees require payment of the special fee in addition to tuition.
Courses listed as staff are open for adjunct instruction.
Courses Listed below are courses for nonconcentrators followed by music courses for concentrators.
Courses listed below are highly desirable.
Courses listed below are tentative and subject to change.
Courses listed below are tentative and subject to demand.
Courses listed below are tentative.
Courses listed below carry three credit hours, or as noted.
Courses listed below follow the new numbering scheme.
Courses listed below have different weightings.
Courses listed have ongoing enrollment on the first of the month.
Courses listed here are acceptable for filling the additional requirements.
Courses listed here are in the former numbering system.
Courses listed here are regular program offerings.
Courses listed here are subject to change without advance notice.
Courses listed here are subject to change.
Courses listed here contribute to undergraduate and graduate degrees.
Courses listed here represent a complete offering of courses open to first year students.
Courses listed in black are electives.
Courses listed in bold type are required courses.
Courses listed in bold type require a grade of C or better.
Courses listed in brackets are acceptable alternatives.
Courses listed in heavy type are compulsory modules .
Courses listed in italics have prerequisites.
Courses listed in italics satisfy the requirement for upper division courses.
Courses listed in more than one category can only satisfy the requirements of one.
Courses listed in our directory are completely online and require no site visits.
Courses listed in the third group below, are courses in which honors work is also available.
Courses listed on the front page are for the current semester.
Courses listed vary in units.
Courses listed with a footnote have prerequisites or corequisites.
Courses listed with department prefixes and course numbers are exact equivalents.
Courses listing multiple dates require several sessions to cover the material.
Courses Look at the current course offerings for the minor.
Courses maintain relevance to their intended practitioner market.
Courses make extensive use of case studies and applied projects.
Courses make use of participant's experience to integrate theory and practice in the classroom.
Courses meet approximately five hours per day.
Courses meet approximately three times during the quarter for orientation and testing.
Courses meet at a specific time and date.
Courses meet at various historical and cultural locations in the city as a matter of routine.
Courses meet daily during the week.
Courses meet degree requirements for all electronics programs.
Courses meet each day for the indicated number of weeks.
Courses meet each day for the number of weeks indicated in the course description.
Courses meet either once or twice per week depending on the length of the class.
Courses meet either one or two evenings per week for two hours each meeting.
Courses meet either two or three times a week and students are typically in class five days a week.
Courses meet evenings and weekends on friendly, convenient community college campuses.
Courses meet financial aid requirements.
Courses meet for ten weeks unless otherwise noted.
Courses meet for ten, three-hour evening sessions.
Courses meet for two or three days during one week each month.
Courses meet in a cinema in central London.
Courses meet in a classroom that has computer access.
Courses meet in four hour class segments, once weekly, for six consecutive weeks.
Courses meet national and international certification requirements.
Courses meet on campus unless otherwise noted.
Courses meet on the same night for the entire program.
Courses meet on the third floor.
Courses meet on weekdays and carry three credit hours.
Courses meet once a week during the fall and spring semesters.
Courses meet once a week.
Courses meet one day per week or weekends to facilitate the needs of non-traditional students.
Courses meet one evening per week.
Courses meet one night a week or on weekends.
Courses meet one night per week for three hours.
Courses meet one to four times a week.
Courses meet only one weekend per month to accommodate busy students.
Courses Meet our instructors and see a course list .
Courses meet periodically over several weeks during the summer sessions.
Courses meet requirement or elective credit needs for many academic programs.
Courses meet six times on alternate weekends.
Courses meet specific requirements in each field.
Courses meet the educational requirements for real estate licensure in the State of Ohio.
Courses meet the ethics requirement .
Courses meet twice per week for one hour and a half or are held once per week for three hours.
Courses meet two evenings a month, and are open to non-members for a small charge.
Courses meet two evenings each week and are offered for four graduate-level credits each.
Courses meet two nights per week for eight weeks or one night per week for sixteen weeks.
Courses meeting less than the full semester have proportionately adjusted deadlines.
Courses normally have a duration of two to four years.
Courses normally have a minimum of six and a maximum of sixteen participants.
Courses normally have a minimum of six and a maximum of twelve participants.
Courses normally involve attendance at lectures and small group seminars.
Courses normally last one week.
Courses normally last three years, with a fourth year for an Honours degree.
Courses normally meet for one lecture and one seminar discussion per week.
Courses normally run for a quarter or a semester, similar to on-campus classes.
Courses normally start every spring term, dependent on teaching resources.
Courses normally take place in school-time, and participating teachers receive time off.
Courses normally take place over a week-end.
Courses now focus on topics that lend themselves to laboratory work and field investigation.
Courses offer a balance of classroom presentation, field demonstration and hands on instruction.
Courses offer a balance of classroom presentation, field demonstration, and hands-on instruction.
Courses offer a measurable account of participant's performance by an examination during the course.
Courses offer complete user and technical training, covering all aspects of operation and use.
Courses offer components on interviewing , resume and letter writing and retention skills.
Courses offer customized lessons for students with various levels of learning.
Courses offer in I.M.Ed.
Courses offer lively classroom discussion and interactive learning experiences.
Courses offer lush fairways, pivotal greens, and amazing scenery.
Courses offer practical knowledge based on sound business practices.
Courses offer practical, relevant material pertinent to the job of educational leadership.
Courses offer programming skills in several languages and software environments.
Courses offer reduced P.M. rates because it is generally windier in the afternoon.
Courses offer the ultimate in helping students explore their special interests and talents.
Courses offer theoretical and practical components to ensure total comprehension.
Courses offer top-notch teaching combined with fellowship and fun.
Courses Offered - View the latest elective guide.
Courses offered by distance education are primarily in a print-based or correspondence format.
Courses offered by distance include offerings for all levels of managers.
Courses offered by other organisations routinely require staff to be off site during working hours.
Courses offered by regular visiting faculty members supplement the curriculum.
Courses offered by regular visiting faculty provide an important supplement to the curriculum.
Courses offered by special studies institution teach specialized skills for jobs in industry.
Courses offered by TEEX include the following dates and sites.
Courses offered by the department are Doctoral course seminars on civil engineering.
Courses offered by the department cover a wide range of topics and issues.
Courses offered by the seminary are in Bible and Bible related subjects.
Courses Offered For current schedule information, see the class schedule.
Courses Offered on the left column is the menu which is about to start.
Courses offering both basic instruction and full certification are also available.
Courses Offers various short courses on environmental issues.
Courses only run if there are enough registrants.
Courses open only to graduate and postbaccalaureate students, or seniors with prior approval.
Courses open only to graduate students.
Courses open only to students accepted for one of the third-year advanced specialization tracks.
Courses operate either on a lecture basis or as seminars for smaller groups.
Courses originate from different locations.
Courses pay a transaction fee for any rounds booked through EZLinks' call-in reservation system.
Courses pertaining to the concentration in housing and community development are as follows.
Courses preferred include English, law, and court reporting procedures.
Courses prepare for an in-depth exploration of one or more areas of inquiry.
Courses prepare managers to handle change in an international business market.
Courses prepare students for careers as managers of forested lands.
Courses prepare students for careers, career changes or career advancement.
Courses prepare students for college level course work and admission.
Courses prepare students for comprehensive examinations.
Courses prepare students for effective teaching in nursing.
Courses prepare students for qualifying examinations.
Courses prepare students for transfer to cooperating four-year institutions as well as careers.
Courses prepare students to teach both vocal and instrumental music at any grade level.
Courses prepare students to teach composition and literature.
Courses present advanced topics at a pace and depth that match students' abilities.
Courses present scientific research as a basis for investigating such phenomena.
Courses primarily take the form of individual critiques, with regularly scheduled group meetings.
Courses progress faster than at most schools and use a variety of instructional methods.
Courses progress from database design and queries to report creation.
Courses progress sequentially from basic principles to more advanced concepts and special topics.
Courses Prove that each equation is an identity.
Courses provide a background in linguistic theory and practice.
Courses provide a balance between creative work and theory.
Courses provide a broad base of knowledge about Web technologies and cover multi-vendor solutions.
Courses provide a comparative perspective on European developments and affairs.
Courses provide a comprehensive building block system emphasizing a hands on approach.
Courses provide a foundation of engineering principles and computer modeling skills.
Courses provide a solid background in both studio and field work.
Courses provide an in-depth examination of both the victim and the perpetrator.
Courses provide an overview of one or more social science disciplines, their theories, and methods.
Courses provide coverage in depth of the field.
Courses provide experiences in problem solving and management decision making.
Courses provide exploratory experience and prepare students for entry into the full-time program.
Courses provide for advanced study in textiles through studio practice and research.
Courses provide hands-on experience as well as a solid foundation in theory.
Courses provide hands-on experience with design, drawing, manufacturing, and production methods.
Courses provide horticulture skills and background.
Courses provide in depth nutritional biochemistry and weight management techniques.
Courses provide information and skills that allow access to a wide variety of career fields.
Courses provide intensive training in the basics to develop skills.
Courses provide lots of time for questions and conversation.
Courses provide opportunities for critical analysis of key environmental and socio-economic issues.
Courses provide opportunity for the gifted through the challenged.
Courses provide personalized attention, student collaboration, and online learning resources.
Courses provide specialised tuition in riding and crash prevention skills.
Courses provide students with the diverse background necessary to manage rangelands.
Courses provide textbook problems that are very simplistic and show only one element of the problem.
Courses provide training in areas related to child care, nutrition, housing, and life management.
Courses provided by our unit are for either two hours or four hours per week.
Courses provides a listing and description of all undergraduate courses offered by the campus.
Courses provides a listing and description of courses available at the district.
Courses providing communication skills and the command of language are also highly recommended.
Courses qualify for continuing education credit hours.
Courses qualify to fulfill continuing education credits.
Courses quickly get to the key information most people are looking for to boost their careers.
Courses range across many disciplines, including biology, education, sociology and anthropology.
Courses range across national boundaries and time periods.
Courses range across the disciplines.
Courses range from a few hours to a few weeks of stimulating learning activities.
Courses range from a few hours to a week in length.
Courses range from a problem-solving seminar to topology and analysis.
Courses range from advanced to beginner.
Courses range from all the sciences to humanities.
Courses range from apprenticeships to postgraduate study.
Courses range from archeology to web technology, languages to literatures.
Courses range from art, foreign language, flower arranging, and dance to computers.
Courses range from basic boat handling to racing skills.
Courses range from basic firefighting to incident command and management.
Courses range from basic investigation up to and including accident reconstruction.
Courses range from basic sanitation and nutrition to cooking and accounting.
Courses range from basic skills to degree level.
Courses range from basic skills to the computer skills in highest demand.
Courses range from basic software application to integration of technologies into teaching practice.
Courses range from beginner levels to professional.
Courses range from beginner to advanced on a variety of topics.
Courses range from beginning graphic and web design to advanced multimedia and corporate design.
Courses range from beginning level to highly specialized, professional level classes.
Courses range from beginning sailing to advanced navigation and offshore cruises.
Courses range from beginning to advanced.
Courses range from biblical text study to the nuances of translating biblical Hebrew.
Courses range from certificate level through to postgraduate level.
Courses range from certificate to doctoral level.
Courses range from coastal cruising to certification and cost fifteen dollars an hour.
Courses range from drawing and painting to photography, computers, and three-dimensional art.
Courses range from elementary and beginner level to more advanced sessions.
Courses range from elementary Spanish language to advanced conversation and composition.
Courses range from elementary to advanced levels.
Courses range from elementary to intermediate level and beginners are welcome.
Courses range from entry to advanced levels.
Courses range from flat roads to hills, tracks and cross country.
Courses range from forestry techniques to rock climbing to draft horses.
Courses range from fundamental courses to advanced concepts.
Courses range from general educational upgrading to courseware design to advanced physics.
Courses range from general language programs, through to academic preparation programs.
Courses range from guided climbs to overnight camp outs in tree-top hammocks.
Courses range from horticulture and manufacturing practice to office skills.
Courses range from HTML basics and design to e-commerce concepts and strategies.
Courses range from ice skating to archery to squash.
Courses range from improvisation to play building and theatrical performance.
Courses range from international relations and finance to workshops in oral and written Spanish.
Courses range from Internet, computer applications, management and personal enrichment classes.
Courses range from Introduction through client server and Web development.
Courses range from introductory language through advanced independent study.
Courses range from introductory level classes to graduate level seminars.
Courses range from introductory to advanced .
Courses range from introductory tuition for beginners through to advanced training workshops.
Courses range from junior level through graduate level.
Courses range from kindergarten to postdoctorate, and from e-mail to fully interactive Web courses.
Courses range from landscaping and appliance repair to conversational Spanish.
Courses range from learning about computers to experimenting with rockets in air chambers.
Courses range from licensed professional counselors to insurance agents.
Courses range from local studies to degree-standard subjects.
Courses range from marketing and customer service to hydraulics and first aid.
Courses range from multimedia and design to applied science and engineering.
Courses range from one day to longer courses tailored to an organisation's specific needs.
Courses range from one day to three weeks and are sequential.
Courses range from one evening to multi-sessions over several months.
Courses range from one session to six weekly sessions.
Courses range from one to five days in duration.
Courses range from one to five days.
Courses range from painting to politics, from literature to music, from art to philosophy.
Courses range from physical fitness to financial planning and are scheduled during day time hours.
Courses range from placid to brutal, with some nestled into mountain ravines, others at surf's edge.
Courses range from printmaking to sculpture and from poetry to memoir.
Courses range from professional development to business and career training to job skills upgrading.
Courses range from programming, web authoring, IT training, office productivity and more.
Courses range from short certificates to single company MBAs.
Courses range from short seminars to full diplomas.
Courses range from single issue short sessions to programmes of up to three days.
Courses range from single year diplomas to full length undergraduate and post-graduate degrees.
Courses range from six to sixteen weeks, one day a week from two to three hours per session.
Courses range from six weeks to one semester.
Courses range from special math topics to ragtime music to off-campus educational trips, etc.
Courses range from sports lessons to money management to children s programs.
Courses range from surfing the Internet to Web authoring.
Courses range from synagogue skills to current events.
Courses range from tailor-made executive programmes to junior summer schools.
Courses range from technical to fine arts applications, and are hands-on oriented.
Courses range from technology, business, professional skills, and leadership topics.
Courses range from the advanced placement level to the vocational training level.
Courses range from the basics to power user levels.
Courses range from the philosophical to the scientific.
Courses range from the very practical and applied to the more abstract and theoretical.
Courses range from three months to three years.
Courses range from two semesters to four weeks depending on the needs of the student.
Courses range from two to eight credit hours.
Courses range from two to five days, depending upon the product, and are held in Madison, Wisconsin.
Courses range from two to ten weeks in length.
Courses range from Web publishing and word processing to exploring the Internet.
Courses range from Wedding photography to Pictorial and are aimed at all levels.
Courses range from windsurfing, sailing, and abseiling to dance, yoga, theatre, painting and music.
Courses range in degree of difficulty .
Courses range in degree of difficulty.
Courses range in duration and cost.
Courses range in duration from three days to four weeks.
Courses range in duration from three years down to single session short courses.
Courses range in length from four sessions to eight weeks in length.
Courses range in length from just a few hours to complete semester offerings.
Courses range in level and cost and act as building blocks for more advanced achievement.
Courses range in scope from product overviews to operation and maintenance instruction.
Courses range in subject matter from research to pharmacology.
Courses range in topic from basic to advanced.
Courses range over a large area, including topics for both children and adults.
Courses range over African history, society, politics, religion, arts, and literature.
Courses reach capacity quickly.
Courses readily transfer to baccalaureate colleges or universities.
Courses reflect current faculty research and their sense of what is theoretically significant.
Courses reflect the interest and research of department members.
Courses relate to each other and to the business world.
Courses related to advanced materials topics are also available.
Courses related to computers, geography and communication are also valuable.
Courses related to schools cover each key stage and most areas of the curriculum.
Courses related to women's and children's health are as follows.
Courses relating to communication such as writing and speaking are also very important.
Courses remain on the tracking system for one month after completion.
Courses repeat every two years.
Courses represent all levels of study from elementary through advanced.
Courses require a broadband connection.
Courses require a C- or above to pass.
Courses require a few selected dates for meeting on campus.
Courses require a minimum number of students and can be canceled due to insufficient enrollment.
Courses require a minimum of two visits, unless noted in the course description.
Courses require extensive project work, and students participate regularly online through forums.
Courses require frequent interaction among students and instructors.
Courses require hands-on project work in each of the four years of study.
Courses require multiple drafts of all papers submitted for the final writing portfolio.
Courses require no lab fees.
Courses require prerequisites as noted.
Courses require significant on-line time.
Courses require some face to face classroom attendance.
Courses require special fees.
Courses require the miniumum notice to cancel a tee time.
Courses required for minors and options are in addition to the core curriculum.
Courses required for the major include both civilization and literature.
Courses required for the minor are the same as noted for the coaching supplemental endorsement.
Courses required for the studio art concentration vary according to sub-specialty chosen.
Courses reserve the right to grant tee times to card holders according to course availability.
Courses reside on a centralized server, so course material is always up to date.
Courses resume in fall.
Courses resume via external study.
Courses Review our courses by title or area of specialization.
Courses roughly follow the semester, but are a bit more flexible.
Courses run a maximum of eight weeks.
Courses run about once a month on a first come first serve basis.
Courses run according to demand.
Courses run all year round, please check our web site for further details.
Courses run alongside the practice placements in hospital and local community areas.
Courses run anywhere from two weeks to six months.
Courses run between four and ten hours depending on the topic.
Courses run between three to five days.
Courses run by individual students.
Courses run by student organisations.
Courses run daily in French, German, Italian, Spanish and English.
Courses run day and evening.
Courses run either a full semester or half a semester, known as a quad.
Courses run for all levels and all ages, throughout the year.
Courses run for eight weeks, and there are five terms per year.
Courses run for either two weeks or one week.
Courses run for eleven weeks in four sessions a year.
Courses run for five weeks and equipment is provided.
Courses run for four days at two hours per day.
Courses run for one or two days and are conducted by local and international experts.
Courses run for one otr two days throughout the year.
Courses run for one week.
Courses run for one, two or three years.
Courses run for six weeks and meet one day a week for two to three hours.
Courses run for six weeks, with a two-week grace period at the end.
Courses run for the full year and for shorter periods of three and two months.
Courses run for the whole year.
Courses run four, six and eight weeks.
Courses run from one day to a week.
Courses run from one week to a full college semester.
Courses run from one week to as many weeks as the student wishes to study.
Courses run from one-half day in length to a week long.
Courses run from one-half to a full day long.
Courses run in six-week modules.
Courses run in the past include advanced course epidemiology and medical statistics.
Courses run on a continual basis, completely independent of semesters, seasons or holidays.
Courses run on a semester basis.
Courses run on an ongoing basis throughout the year.
Courses run on dates within an eleven week period following results and before revision courses.
Courses run one day every second week.
Courses run one day per week on the same day each week until the course is completed.
Courses run one to five days and are generally in session for most of the day.
Courses run only if there are enough registrants, so it is important to register and pay early.
Courses run over one week, or one month.
Courses run over ten months on weekdays or weekends.
Courses run regularly at lunchtimes and in the evenings.
Courses run regularly for all types of businesses.
Courses run semester to semester to allow for interaction within the classroom.
Courses run statewide, night and day.
Courses run subject to demand.
Courses run throughout the year.
Courses run year round with periodic short breaks in the schedule .
Courses run year-round with periodic short breaks in the schedule.
Courses satisfy core curriculum requirements in most colleges of the university.
Courses satisfying the advanced writing requirements are in boldface.
Courses scheduled for common exams always take precedence over other exams because of their size.
Courses scheduled for less than a semester's duration have a separate refund schedule.
Courses See below.
Courses See graduate coordinator.
Courses See our course listings for the available terms.
Courses See the previous page for links to a typical schedule for a Ph.D. student.
Courses seek to discover the truth and wisdom of women's personal and social lives.
Courses seem to always be in transition.
Courses Select a city below to view the training schedule for that area.
Courses Select a course for comments.
Courses Select a course for student comments.
Courses Select a course from the menu below to view documents available online.
Courses Select a course to view the sections offered.
Courses Select a department or program.
Courses Select the course title to view a full course description.
Courses select the courses to which the vocabulary is pertinant.
Courses select the times and specify when players can access the course.
Courses selected are subject to departmental approval.
Courses serve as background to student decisions for optional senior research.
Courses serve start-up businesses and established entrepreneurs.
Courses serve the needs of majors as well as explore issues having a broad appeal to non-majors.
Courses shown in blue are enrollment driven courses.
Courses shown in bold are for program students only.
Courses shown in bold type are available to doctoral candidates only.
Courses shown in green are add-on courses.
Courses shows the courses that are available at the school.
Courses situated in attractive environments score high.
Courses span a variety of disciplines.
Courses specifically designed for lecturers on the use of technology in teaching are also on offer.
Courses start almost every month.
Courses start and end on specified dates at the beginning and end of each quarter.
Courses start and end on specified dates.
Courses start any time.
Courses start approximately three weeks after the beginning of the fall and spring semesters.
Courses start at various times through the year, and some are offered as distance education.
Courses start at various times through the year.
Courses start at various times throughout the year.
Courses start daily.
Courses start every month or so.
Courses start every month.
Courses start every second wednesday and are completed within six weeks.
Courses start every week, and generally run for five or six weeks.
Courses start in the autumn term at central London venues.
Courses start in the fall and conclude at the end of the following summer.
Courses start in the fall and spring.
Courses start in the winter term.
Courses start monthly.
Courses start on advertised dates.
Courses start on alternate months and are four or eight weeks in duration.
Courses start on fixed dates throughout the year.
Courses start on specific dates.
Courses start once a month, run for six weeks and consist of twelve lessons.
Courses start promptly at the advertised times.
Courses start throughout the year.
Courses start weekly.
Courses stress an analytical approach to business decision making.
Courses stress broad areas of biology and employ field approaches.
Courses stress Internet safety tips and help identify criteria for evaluating Web sites.
Courses stress literary works as well as the history and criticism of literature and the arts.
Courses stress personal creativity, individual growth, and strong technical training.
Courses stress preventive measures and positive employment relations.
Courses stress proper from, timing, rhythm, and power.
Courses stress proven approaches and techniques for the designer, analyst, and manager.
Courses stress proven approaches and techniques for the designer, researcher and decision makers.
Courses stress technical components and immediate hands-on applications.
Courses stress the use of contemporary hardware and software in modeling and analysis.
Courses stress writing skills and use of primary sources.
Courses survey both history and recent developments.
Courses tackle advanced problems of meaning and interpretation from multiple perspectives.
Courses tailored to the needs of in-house editors are also available.
Courses Take a look at our course offerings.
Courses Take a peek at distance education courses.
Courses Take a peek at previous distance education courses.
Courses take at summer schools and the like can be included in the degree.
Courses Take dead aim . . .
Courses take into account both the cultural context and the needs of individual students.
Courses take place according to the student's schedule.
Courses take place at the residence.
Courses take place during evening and weekend hours rather than during regular work hours.
Courses take place during term time, during the day, evenings and at weekends.
Courses take place in a computer lab and emphasize hands-on applications.
Courses take place in a number of cities in Germany.
Courses take place in a supportive learning community designed to live out ecological values.
Courses take place in our well-equipped training suite in central London.
Courses take place in Paris, Stuttgart and Montreal .
Courses take place in Sheffield, UK or can be delivered.
Courses take place in the evenings, on weekends and during residential periods in the home country.
Courses take place in the Gulf Islands, British Columbia, Canada.
Courses take place outdoor, on exposed windy hill-sides.
Courses take place outside and are activity oriented.
Courses take place over a weekend or five days.
Courses take the student outside the university and into museums, galleries and artists' studios.
Courses take the student outside the university and into museums, galleries, and artists' studios.
Courses taken abroad can often substitute for required courses in the major.
Courses taken at a community college or any accredited school or university are acceptable.
Courses taken at the institute can count towards a student's degree.
Courses taken can be nursing or non-nursing related.
Courses taken during the first two years of the program provide a strong research foundation.
Courses taken for audit appear on the transcript as such and carry no credit value.
Courses taken for high school credit are free.
Courses taken in the articulation program extend the minimum requirements for the degree.
Courses taken in the first year are part of the departmental qualifying exam syllabus.
Courses taken in the lower division are at the freshman and sophomore levels.
Courses taken include Chinese history, economics, and women's studies.
Courses taken include required classes and electives, primarily in the human studies area.
Courses taken outside of the major department require departmental approval.
Courses taken through the certificate option are applicable to an associate degree.
Courses taken to prepare an honors thesis are in addition to the regular concentration requirements.
Courses taken while studying abroad do count toward graduation requirements.
Courses teach basic legal doctrines and explain the methodology of legal reasoning and argument.
Courses teach couples to fish - to solve their own problems over the lifespan of their marriage.
Courses teach practical skills by involving participants in individual and group exercises.
Courses teach skills to recognize and care for life threatening emergencies.
Courses teach solid programming skills within a client server environment.
Courses teach the building trades skills of masonry, carpentry, plumbing and electrical wiring.
Courses teach topics such as the legislation and philosophy that affects disability.
Courses tend to be longer than slalom courses, and include tucking.
Courses tend to be more applied or practical, and thus are useful for the practicing manager.
Courses tend to have a narrower focus, based on more specialized research.
Courses tend to teach practical skills leading to entry level positions in business.
Courses therefore impact students beyond the level of grade evaluation.
Courses thus support the company s international sales force.
Courses too are flexible.
Courses typed in boldface are necessary prerequisites to taking any course in the major.
Courses typically consist of written assignments accompanied by protored exams.
Courses typically cover food sanitation and safety, basic knife skills, and equipment operation.
Courses typically meet all day over a period of one to two consecutive days.
Courses typically meet once a week for three hours in the evening.
Courses typically meet three hours per evening, one evening a week, over an eight-week period.
Courses typically meet weekly for two hours during the day over an eight-week period.
Courses typically range from one to three days in length.
Courses typically run consecutively with a different team of instructors working each course.
Courses typically start and stop throughout the year and are offered at multiple locations.
Courses typically take eight hours to complete.
Courses typically taken in the first year of the program are also available on the West Campus.
Courses typically work with materials relevant to various academic majors and workplaces.
Courses undergo continuous refinement to best meet the needs and interests of students.
Courses undergo rigorous evaluation before they are accepted, and they are regularly monitored.
Courses use a unique combination of multimedia lessons, interactive features and online quizzes.
Courses use as their basis case studies drawn from actual businesses.
Courses use combined or overlapping assignments wherever possible.
Courses use common syllabus and shared web discussion forum.
Courses use forum software as a means of interaction among the students and with the instructor.
Courses use innovative curricula and participatory teaching methods.
Courses use printed texts, audio cassettes, study schools and have tutorial support.
Courses use printed texts, conferences and residential schools.
Courses use printed texts, residential schools and have good levels of tutor support.
Courses use printed texts, videos and have tutorial support and residential schools.
Courses using such sophisticated software are part of a growing trend in higher education.
Courses utilize a text, exercises, computer software, and evaluation activities.
Courses utilize reflective journals linking classroom experiences with course themes.
Courses utilize varied delivery formats and timelines.
Courses utilize web-enhanced instruction.
Courses vary according to level, session and instructor.
Courses vary according to level, session, and instructor.
Courses vary as to college.
Courses vary as to whether refreshments are provided.
Courses vary by semester.
Courses vary by term and format.
Courses vary depending on student interest and faculty availability.
Courses vary each summer, depending on the faculty and the needs of students.
Courses vary for students with different majors.
Courses vary from a single evening session to multiple sessions spread out over several months.
Courses vary from basic computer skills to graphic design skills.
Courses vary from hygiene and sanitation to the promotion and use of alternative energy.
Courses vary from one - three days in length.
Courses vary from one day to a full five day course, or if necessary longer periods.
Courses vary from one day to one week.
Courses vary from one to two semesters in length.
Courses vary from private to group lessons starting at beginner s level up to advanced level.
Courses vary from race to race.
Courses vary from school to school and from one year to another.
Courses vary from school to school in content and rigor.
Courses vary from short courses to college transfer degree and general education courses.
Courses vary from the beginning to the advance levels.
Courses vary from three days to six weeks.
Courses vary from year to year depending upon departmental participation and course offerings.
Courses vary from year to year.
Courses vary in approach.
Courses vary in both cost and duration.
Courses vary in both length and scope, and fall into various levels.
Courses vary in cost according to the type of program.
Courses vary in design according to type and to the age and level of the students.
Courses vary in difficulty from short and easy to a couple which are long and arduous.
Courses vary in duration from an evening to a week or more.
Courses vary in duration from two hours to approximately ninety hours.
Courses vary in length and format.
Courses vary in length and level according to the needs of the students or courses.
Courses vary in length depending on the subject matter and target audience.
Courses vary in length from a few days to eight weeks.
Courses vary in length from a few hours to a complete semester.
Courses vary in length from a few weeks to a year.
Courses vary in length from a one-time meeting to a full semester.
Courses vary in length from one to three weeks and are geared to specific age groups.
Courses vary in length from one to three weeks.
Courses vary in length from seven and one half weeks to ten weeks.
Courses vary in length so as to provide the utmost in flexibility.
Courses vary in length, and the average time to complete a lap is under two minutes.
Courses vary in length, content, and techniques of delivery.
Courses vary in length.
Courses vary in quality and quantity of material presented.
Courses vary in the humanities, sciences and language arts.
Courses vary in topic and approach.
Courses vary in topography and difficulty but pure golf enjoyment is a constant.
Courses vary their green fees during certain times of the year.
Courses vary throughout the year.
Courses vary to reflect current interests or new developments in computing.
Courses vary to reflect current interests or new developments in the computer field.
Courses vary widely, depending on the interests and expertise of the individual instructor.
Courses vary widely.
Courses vary with instructor and concept.
Courses View the complete schedule here.
Courses View the current course syllabi on our web page.
Courses Visit the academics section for more information about course requirements.
Courses wind through scenic areas bursting with spring growth.
Courses witha key icon in front of the title allow guest logins.
Courses always have a direct link with external reality.
Course often meets at sites other than main campus.
Courses often become full.
Courses often cover HTML and editors.
Courses often fill early so call soon.
Courses often fill quickly so early registration is advised.
Courses often have a small library assignment associated with part of the course.
Courses often have more than one tunnel.
Courses often have waiting lists.
Courses often incorporate guest speakers who are leaders in area corporations.
Courses often involve overlapping content and skills from one grade level to the next.
Courses often involve working indoors as well as outdoors .
Courses often provide opportunities to interact with environmental policy practitioners.
Courses often require video- or audiotapes.
Course usually transfers to other colleges.
Courses usually begin the first week of the college semester.
Courses usually cost less than more recognized programs.
Courses usually have a listed par, for pro or amateur players.
Courses usually have several written assignments to be handed in during the term of the course.
Courses usually involve a book and practice tests as well as classroom instruction.
Courses usually involve a year of study.
Courses usually last one or two years and all are credit rated.
Courses usually last six to eight weeks.
Courses usually meet once a week during the day.
Courses usually provide practical experience as well as theoretical background.
Courses usually require pre-registration.
Courses usually run for five sessions.
Courses usually run two hours per week for six weeks and are offered in the morning or afternoon.
Courses usually take place two nights per week, for nine successive terms.
Courses usually take place two nights per week, in nine successive terms.
Courses usually transfer as elective or humanities credits.
All course are available by correspondence as well.
All course are three credit hours unless otherwise indicated.
All course are to be offerred on a two-year rotation.
All course dates shown are inclusive activity days.
All course dates, locations and prices are tentative and subject to change.
All course distances verified by calibrated wheel.
All course fully integrate international and cultural components.
All course grades by beta number .
All course work due.
All course work in English.
All course work in French.
All course work in special education involves field experiences.
All course work in the senior year is on the graduate level.
All course work involves critical evaluation of the literature, and attention to research findings.
All course work on plan of study completed and incomplete grades cleared.
All course work, films, lectures, class discussion and papers in Spanish.
All course work, internship, and research experiences incorporate the above dimensions.
All course work, other than the practicum experience, is offered on weekends.
All course work, research, seminars, and independent study at the graduate level.
All courses accord with TTA priorities.
All courses address the professional and personal development needs of health professionals.
All courses aim to give a high level of skill in all aspects of the language.
All courses allow for the possibility of transfer from one to the other at any stage.
All courses allow soft spikes.
All courses appear on the transcript.
All courses are accessible to students enrolled in any of the partnering seminaries.
All courses are all-inclusive.
All courses are also available as electives in other programs, subject to prerequisite rules.
All courses are also available for viewing .
All courses are also open for single enrolments without entering a formal program.
All courses are also transferable to U.S. colleges.
All courses are at the advanced degree level.
All courses are at the graduate level.
All courses are at undergraduate level.
All courses are audio-taped unless otherwise identified in the course description.
All courses are available based on enrollment.
All courses are available by distance education.
All courses are available by distance learning.
All courses are available equally to women and men.
All courses are available for audit registration.
All courses are available for both full and part time study.
All courses are available for graduate or undergraduate credit.
All courses are available for immediate delivery.
All courses are available for immediate use.
All courses are available for individual review at no charge.
All courses are available for in-house presentation to individual organizations.
All courses are available for international delivery.
All courses are available for on-site training.
All courses are available for private groups and most of the courses are available for the public.
All courses are available for recertification credits.
All courses are available free.
All courses are available from beginners to advanced level.
All courses are available in a classroom setting or via the Internet.
All courses are available in both semesters.
All courses are available in each semester.
All courses are available in either French or English.
All courses are available in English and some in Spanish.
All courses are available in private and small group formats.
All courses are available in the evening.
All courses are available in the late afternoon or evening.
All courses are available in the USA, United Kingdom, Germany and Israel.
All courses are available on a full or part-time basis.
All courses are available on audiotape.
All courses are available on-line via interactive web instruction.
All courses are available on-line.
All courses are available over summer.
All courses are available subject to minimum class registration numbers.
All courses are available to all students, including both honors and advanced placement.
All courses are available to companies on a contract basis.
All courses are available to individuals, groups, and corporations.
All courses are available to individuals, groups, schools, and corporations.
All courses are available to non-Edgeware clients as well as our existing customer base.
All courses are available to the distance learning student via videotape.
All courses are available within a two year cycle.
All courses are available without charge.
All courses are available world wide, depending on demand.
All courses are available.
All courses are based on a first come, first serve basis.
All courses are basic to intermediate and no fee is due until after a consumer passes the exam.
All courses are by application only.
All courses are by appointment only and the number of hours is negotiable.
All courses are by correspondence.
All courses are by default disabled.
All courses are case-oriented and application based.
All courses are co-ed and beginners are welcome.
All courses are co-ed, and registration is conducted on a first come first serve basis.
All courses are co-ed.
All courses are coeducational.
All courses are college preparatory courses.
All courses are college preparatory.
All courses are complete with complete text, final examinations, blank exam forms, and answer keys.
All courses are complete with illustrated lecture notes, some with sound files and video.
All courses are completely on-line.
All courses are compulsory.
All courses are contingent on adequate enrolment.
All courses are course-book based with the emphasis on communication.
All courses are credit bearing and transferable to any Minnesota school.
All courses are credit bearing.
All courses are credit-bearing.
All courses are cross-disciplinary in nature focusing on the integration of technology and art.
All courses are cross-disciplinary in nature focusing on the integration of technology and arts.
All courses are custom designed and delivered by local training professionals.
All courses are custom designed.
All courses are day long events.
All courses are degree applicable and transferable.
All courses are degree credit.
All courses are deliverable through CD-ROM or the Web.
All courses are delivered by e-mail, are of different duration.
All courses are dependent on enrollment.
All courses are determined in consultation with the adviser.
All courses are directly related to the career.
All courses are eight sessions.
All courses are eight-week terms, and students earn three semester units.
All courses are eligible for financial aid.
All courses are eligible in the co-exchange program.
All courses are eligible provided they are part of the employee's approved degree program.
All courses are eligible to be in the system.
All courses are equally rigorous and the most demanding levels .
All courses are equivalent to three quarter hours of credit, unless otherwise indicated.
All courses are evening courses and require one hour of outside work for every hour in class.
ALL courses are faculty-taught.
All courses are five credits.
All courses are five weeks' in duration and last for one hour per week.
All courses are for academic credit.
All courses are for beginners, intermediate and advanced students and cover all styles of carving.
All courses are for credit and can be transferred into the major in mathematics.
All courses are for five credit hours.
All courses are for four credits.
All courses are for four full-time years.
All courses are for non-degree purposes and involve no examinations.
All courses are for three credits, unless indicated otherwise.
All courses are for three credits.
All courses are for three hours credit unless otherwise indicated.
All courses are for three semester hours unless specified otherwise.
All courses are for undergraduate credit only .
All courses are for undergraduate credit only.
All courses are for women only unless otherwise noted.
All courses are four credits each.
All courses are four credits unless noted otherwise.
All courses are four credits unless otherwise noted.
All courses are four credits.
All courses are four hours in length unless otherwise specified.
All courses are four hours unless noted.
All courses are four points.
All courses are four semester hours unless noted.
All courses are four semester hours.
All courses are four units each.
All courses are four units per quarter.
All courses are four units unless otherwise noted.
All courses are four-units.
All courses are free , but pre-registration is required.
All courses are free and lead by outstanding presenters.
All courses are free and offered in alternative format.
All courses are free and open to faculty, staff, and students.
All courses are free and open to the public.
All courses are free but previous registration is recquired as the vacancies are limited.
All courses are free for all state employees.
All courses are free for students.
All courses are free of charge and everybody is welcome to attend.
All courses are free of charge to all individuals who are legally blind.
All courses are FREE of charge to members.
All courses are free of charge to teachers of member systems unless otherwise stated.
All courses are free of charge.
All courses are free to any teacher in the district.
All courses are free to attendees.
All courses are free to staff members.
All courses are free unless otherwise noted in the course description.
All courses are free unless otherwise specified.
All courses are free, but a deposit is required at the time of booking.
All courses are free.
All courses are freely available to academics.
All courses are from industry-leading content providers.
All courses are full credit.
All courses are full semester unless otherwise noted.
All courses are full-day sessions.
All courses are fully modular and offer credits for each module studied.
All courses are fully transferable.
All courses are graduate level and offer two and three credits.
All courses are graduate level and require students to have completed an undergraduate degree.
All courses are guaranteed quality.
All courses are half courses.
All courses are hands-on and take place in computer labs.
All courses are hands-on oriented.
All courses are hands-on, equity programs with cultural connections.
All courses are hands-on.
All courses are held in small groups, please book early to guarantee a place.
All courses are highly interactive, with all but a few being heavily workshop based.
All courses are in book format unless otherwise indicated.
All courses are in English except language and noted courses.
All courses are in English with the exception of the Spanish language course.
All courses are in English, or translated where indicated.
All courses are in english.
All courses are in English.
All courses are in French, but seminars and colloquia are often in English.
All courses are in french.
All courses are in North Carolina unless otherwise noted.
All courses are in Pittsburgh , unless otherwise noted.
All courses are in Portuguese.
All courses are in sequence and only in rare circumstances is the sequence altered.
All courses are in sequence.
All courses are in the social sciences.
All courses are independent of each other, so no particular order or prerequisites are required.
All courses are independent study.
All courses are instructor led and are designed to be interactive.
All courses are instructor led and encourage interaction.
All courses are intensive and focus on academic and professional English.
All courses are intensive and personalized.
All courses are interactive Computer-based distance learning.
All courses are interdisciplinary and team-taught.
All courses are interdisciplinary in both content and approach.
All courses are internet-based.
All courses are introductory in nature and are geared to students in other disciplines.
All courses are introductory-level university courses.
All courses are laboratory in nature and involve individual instruction.
All courses are lecture and discussion and employ letter grading unless otherwise stated.
All courses are letter graded unless otherwise noted.
All courses are letter graded with a final examination or paper.
All courses are limited to ten students.
All courses are limited.
All courses are mandatory.
All courses are mathematics.
All courses are modular and can be adapted to meet individual client needs.
All courses are modular and part-time.
All courses are modular in structure and individual modules can be studied.
All courses are modular, and have some shared core modules .
All courses are non-credit, and the only prerequisite is a desire to learn.
All courses are non-credit.
All courses are noncredit.
All courses are non-residential unless otherwise stated.
All courses are non-residential.
All courses are now available to take online via the Internet.
All Courses Are Now On The Web.
All courses are of at least one hour's duration with some requiring up to six hours for completion.
All courses are of one term duration.
All courses are of six weeks' duration with a one and a half-hour lesson each week.
All courses are of three or four years duration.
All courses are on a credit basis only.
All courses are on a first come first served basis.
All courses are on a One to One basis and can be tailored to individual requirements.
All courses are on the Internet with advanced interactive teaching methods.
All courses are on the semester unit basis.
All courses are one crediit courses unless stated otherwise with in the course description.
All courses are one credit unless otherwise noted.
All courses are one credit.
All courses are one day in length, unless otherwise specified.
All courses are one day unless otherwise stated.
All courses are one hour in length.
All courses are one hour long.
All courses are one or two semesters in length.
All courses are one or two units and meet for two or four hours per week.
All courses are one semester credit .
All courses are one semester in length.
All courses are one term in length.
All courses are one year in length unless designated as a one-semester course.
All courses are one year in length.
All courses are one year.
All courses are one-credit offerings.
All courses are one-semester seminars unless otherwise noted.
All courses are one-year courses.
All courses are ongoing.
All courses are online unless on campus is listed .
All courses are online with an instructor and a teaching assistant to lead the course.
All courses are online, self-study tutorials designed for all skill levels.
All courses are online.
All courses are 'open' but the organisers reserve the right to seed teams.
All courses are open daylight to dusk.
All courses are open enrollment.
All courses are open for daily fee play.
All courses are open for enrollment at any time.
All courses are open registration though a few have prerequisites.
All courses are open to a wide variety of applicants, typically having an A level in Chemistry.
All courses are open to adults and college-age students.
All courses are open to adults and teens.
All courses are open to all students of any nationality.
All courses are open to all students, although some require a minimum of three in the group.
All courses are open to all students.
All courses are open to all university students, staff, and faculty, with no registration fees.
All courses are open to any college-age, adult or qualifying high school learner.
All courses are open to any resident in or out of the county.
All courses are open to anyone with the prerequisites.
All courses are open to anyone.
All courses are open to both majors and nonmajors.
All courses are open to both majors and non-majors.
All courses are open to both male and females.
All courses are open to both men and women.
All courses are open to certificate participants and non-certificate participants.
All courses are open to enrollment.
All courses are open to Erasmus students.
All courses are open to everyone worldwide who meet the specific course requirements.
All courses are open to freshmen unless otherwise noted in the registration schedule.
All courses are open to majors and non-majors alike.
All courses are open to majors and non-majors.
All courses are open to male and female students of any religious affiliation or school system.
All courses are open to non-certificate participants as well.
All courses are open to non-majors as well as majors.
All courses are open to non-majors who have fulfilled the prerequisites.
All courses are open to nonmajors, although some have specific prerequisites.
All courses are open to nonmajors.
All courses are open to non-majors.
All courses are open to non-members.
All courses are open to state employees.
All courses are open to the general public.
All courses are open to the public and include a clubhouse and pro shop.
All courses are open to the public.
All courses are open year-round.
All courses are optional.
All courses are oral-intensive, with individual oral examinations each term.
All courses are order through our secure transaction server.
All courses are panel discussions, usually with three speakers.
All courses are parent selected and parent directed.
All courses are part of the ordinary education for Swedish students, but taught in English.
All courses are part-time.
All courses are password protected.
All courses are peer-reviewed.
All courses are potentially available subject to viable numbers.
All courses are practical and very participative.
All courses are practical, biblical, spiritual, and life-changing.
All courses are prepared and taught by highly experienced OT software developers and educators.
All courses are project based and completely hands-on.
All courses are regular university offerings.
All courses are research-based and offer specialist teaching.
All courses are residential for the entire period and free of charge.
All courses are residential.
All courses are self-contained.
All courses are self-directed, which allows students to progress and proceed at their own pace.
All courses are self-paced and can be accessed at any time.
All courses are self-paced and interactive.
All courses are self-paced, allowing for individual differences in learning abilities.
All courses are self-paced, interactive courseware, and are available online.
All courses are self-paced.
All courses are self-supporting.
All courses are semester courses and are offered either in the first or the second semester.
All courses are semester courses unless indicated otherwise.
All courses are semester courses.
All courses are semester hours.
All courses are semester long unless noted otherwise in the course descriptions.
All courses are semi-annual.
All courses are sequential - taken one at a time.
All courses are served by pro shops and lessons are available.
All courses are six hours in length.
All courses are six months in length, but include only one week of residence on campus.
All courses are six weeks in length and college credit or continuing education units are available.
All courses are six weeks long.
All courses are six-week classes.
All courses are skills intensive with emphasis on proficiency.
All courses are stand alone modules and can therefore be attended on an individual basis.
All courses are subject to a member discounted price.
All courses are subject to a minimum enrollment.
All courses are subject to a minimum enrolment.
All courses are subject to a minimum participation level.
All courses are subject to academic review before being offered.
All courses are subject to additional materials fees.
All courses are subject to adequate enrollment.
All courses are subject to advisor approval.
All courses are subject to advisor's approval.
All courses are subject to advisor'sapproval.
All courses are subject to approval by the vice president.
All courses are subject to approval of the advisor.
All courses are subject to availability and adviser approval.
All courses are subject to availability and advisor's approval.
All courses are subject to availability.
All courses are subject to cancellation in cases of insufficient enrollment.
All courses are subject to cancellation where registration is insufficient.
All courses are subject to cancellation.
All courses are subject to cancellations due to insufficient enrollment.
All courses are subject to change and cancellation.
All courses are subject to change based on weather and course conditions.
All courses are subject to change depending on student interest and enrollment.
All courses are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
All courses are subject to change without notice.
All courses are subject to change.
All courses are subject to evaluation by the high school prior to the diploma being awarded.
All courses are subject to minimum enrollment.
All courses are subject to minimum numbers.
All courses are subject to prior approval from the department head.
All courses are subject to scheduling and staffing changes and cancellations.
All courses are subject to university policy and availability.
All courses are suitable for beginners.
All courses are suitable for both transfer and support of allied health.
All courses are suitable for majors and non-majors with an interest in the arts.
All courses are tailor-made to suit the needs of each organisation or profession.
All courses are taught in Spanish, therefore, a certain level of Spanish proficiency is required.
All courses are team taught by two instructors.
All courses are team-taught by professors from different disciplines.
All courses are term offerings.
All courses are thirty hours.
All courses are three credit hours .
All courses are three credit hours each.
All courses are three credit hours except as indicated.
All courses are three credit hours except as noted.
All courses are three credit hours unless otherwise indicated.
All courses are three credit hours unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three credit hours unless otherwise specified.
All courses are three credit hours unless specified otherwise.
All courses are three credit hours, and generally meet twice per week.
All courses are three credit hours.
All courses are three credits each.
All courses are three credits except where noted.
All courses are three credits hours.
All courses are three credits unless indicated otherwise.
All courses are three credits unless otherwis noted.
All courses are three credits unless otherwise indicated.
All courses are three credits unless otherwise noted . . .
All courses are three credits unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three credits unless otherwise specified.
All courses are three credits unless otherwise stated.
All courses are three credits with the exception of the six-credit thesis requirement.
All courses are three credits.
All courses are three hours a week unless otherwise indicated.
All courses are three hours credit for one term unless noted otherwise.
All courses are three hours' credit unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three hours of lecture per week unless otherwise specified.
All courses are three hours unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three hours unless otherwise specified.
All courses are three months duration.
All courses are three quarters long.
All courses are three semester credit courses.
All courses are three semester credit hours.
All courses are three semester credits unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three semester hours each.
All courses are three semester hours of credit unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three semester hours unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three semester hours unless otherwise stated.
All courses are three semester hourse unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three semester-hour credits.
All courses are three units each.
All courses are three units unless otherwise indicated.
All courses are three-credit courses.
All courses are three-credit hours.
All courses are three-credit unless otherwise noted.
All courses are three-credits.
All courses are to be chosen in consultation with the adviser.
All courses are to be chosen in consultation with the departmental advisor.
All courses are to be completed within a four month period.
All courses are to be selected by the student with the advisor's approval.
All courses are to be taken for letter grade.
All courses are to be taken for letter grades.
All courses are to be taken in sequence.
All courses are to be taken on an audit basis.
All courses are transferable to other institutions.
All courses are transferable to the associate degree program.
All courses are transferable to the doctoral degree programs.
All courses are tuition free and community-based.
All courses are tuition free.
All courses are two hours long.
All courses are two terms in length.
All courses are two units.
All courses are undergraduate.
All courses are variable content.
All courses are very practical, yet professionally rigorous.
All courses are viewable online and are free of charge.
All courses are web-based with various support materials.
All courses are well supported for riders of all skills and ages.
All courses are well-articulated and provide excellent instruction.
All courses are without prerequisite unless noted.
All courses are worth four semester hours except for two one-credit topics courses.
All courses are worth l semester credit except when otherwise listed.
All courses are worth three credits unless otherwise noted.
All courses are worth three semester credits.
All courses are year-long unless otherwise noted.
All courses begin the first of the semester unless otherwise noted with course information.
All courses begin with a needs assessment.
All courses below are available via online viewing mode during the summer.
All courses benefit from the experience of living in the centres.
All courses blend skill development with rigorous intellectual content.
All courses break for one week.
All courses can accommodate additional students.
All courses can also be electives for all degrees.
All courses can incorporate seminars on aspects of British life and institutions.
All courses carry additional fees.
All courses carry college credit.
All courses carry four credit hours unless otherwise noted.
All courses carry four credits unless otherwise indicated.
All courses carry four credits unless otherwise noted.
All courses carry four quarter hours of credit unless otherwise noted.
All courses carry four semester hours of credit unless otherwise specified in the description.
All courses carry full academic credit.
All courses carry graduate credit and are directly transferable to degree programs.
All courses carry higher education credits.
All courses carry one course credit unless otherwise indicated.
All courses carry one course credit unless otherwise specified.
All courses carry regular college credit, or can be audited.
All courses carry the same full credit since all meet five times a week.
All courses carry three credit hours unless otherwise indicated.
All courses carry three credit hours.
All courses carry three credits unless otherwise indicated.
All courses carry three credits.
All courses carry three graduate credits in the appropriate area.
All courses carry three graduate credits unless otherwise noted.
All courses carry three hours credit.
All courses carry three semester credit hours.
All courses carry three semester hours of credit unless otherwise noted.
All courses carry three semester hours of credit.
All courses carry three semester units of credit.
All courses carry three units of credit.
All courses carry two semester hours of credit.
All courses carry university transfer credit.
All courses carry USD academic and residence credit.
All courses combine classroom teaching with hands-on experience.
All courses combine orientation to American culture with preparation for academic work.
All courses come complete with certificate and specialist card.
All courses come with a satisfaction guarantee.
All courses come with audiocassettes or CDs.
All courses conclude with a final exam.
All courses consist of a combination of lecture and hands-on exercises with short breaks.
All courses consist of a series of core and optional modules.
All courses consist of at least one lecture and a practical session daily.
All courses consist of lectures and generous hands-on sessions.
All courses consist of lectures with practical work, seminars and field visits as appropriate.
All courses consist of sixty hours of instruction.
All courses contain a final examination.
All courses contain audio.
All courses contain diversity perspectives.
All courses contain lecture and laboratory components.
All courses contain material immediately useful to the student in current or prospective employment.
All courses contain practice final examinations.
All courses contain pre and post tests.
All courses cost seventy-five dollars which includes materials.
All courses count as elective credit toward any major.
All courses count as elective undergraduate credit.
All courses count for academic credit.
All courses count for staff development buy-back.
All courses count toward graduation.
All courses count towards graduation and almost fulfill general university requirements.
All courses cover a period of thirteen weeks.
All courses cover the exact same material regardless of the format followed.
All courses creditable toward a certificate are also applicable toward an associate degree.
All courses demand a strong knowledge of the English language.
All courses demand regular attendance.
All courses described above are available as completely customized in-house training programs.
All courses designated as equivalent carry the same prefix and last three digits.
All courses develop analytical and writing skills, which are highly valued by employers.
All courses develop logical thinking, quantitative ability, and rigorous deductive analysis.
All courses develop reasoning abilities along with skills in precise communication of concepts.
All courses devote considerable attention to implications for intervention in the human services.
All courses devote time to the generic skills of computing and communication.
All courses directly develop the attributes that employers want in today's complex society.
All courses draw on the scriptures and have an experiential component.
All courses draw their content from a wide variety of social science disciplines.
All courses earn college credit.
All courses earn credit towards a graduate degree.
All courses earn graduate school credits.
All courses earn one credit toward graduation.
All courses earn three credit hours each semester, unless otherwise noted.
All courses earn three credit hours, unless otherwise noted.
All courses earn transferable credit.
All courses educate for business.
All courses emphasize a balance of skill, information, practice, and theory.
All courses emphasize an empirical approach toward gaining and evaluating knowledge.
All courses emphasize application of the software to the student's own office operations.
All courses emphasize conversation, composition and reading skills within a cultural context.
All courses emphasize developing the emerging professional engineer.
All courses emphasize development of skills necessary for licensees to operate effectively.
All courses emphasize fun, active participation, fair play and co-operation between the children.
All courses emphasize hands-on learning, team projects and the use of technology.
All courses emphasize hands-on training in both species and systems.
All courses emphasize learning by experiment and practice.
All courses emphasize production in an advanced laboratory environment.
All courses emphasize research skills.
All courses emphasize safe operation of various machine tools.
All courses emphasize the importance of interaction between and among participants and faculty.
All courses emphasize the important relationship that literature has to our culture.
All courses emphasize the writing of clear and effective critical papers.
All courses emphasize vocabulary enrichment and thinking skills.
All courses employ several teaching methods, each one the most suitable for the subject studied.
All courses encourage practical application of the material where it is at all possible.
All courses extend over one semester.
All courses fall into the class and item description given above.
All courses feature a five to seven minute preview, so users can browse before buying.
All courses feature a strong practical content enabling theory to be tried out in practice.
All courses feature an extensive hands-on approach with one person per machine.
All courses feature intensive, hands-on instruction.
All courses feature practical design problems with real-time focus.
All courses fill assorted degree requirements or electives and all transfer to universities.
All courses focus on building business applications.
All courses focus on case studies and are organized into modules.
All courses focus on the emerging New Europe.
All courses follow a uniform model which embodies recommended distance education principles.
All courses follow a uniform model which embody recommended distance education principles.
All courses follow rigorous course curriculum to engage and challenge the high school student.
All courses fulfill general education requirements.
All courses fulfill specific general education requirements.
All courses fulfill the arts distribution requirement.
All courses fulfill the general education gender requirement.
All courses give full credit points.
All courses give students a direction for their own projects.
All courses give students the opportunity to work towards the award of an MSc in magnetic resonance.
All courses grant three credits unless otherwise indicated.
All courses have a code.
All courses have a consistent interface.
All courses have a course code, a course title and a credit rating.
All courses have a defined start and end date.
All courses have a final examination appropriate to the type of course.
All courses have a focus on the economic well-being of consumers and families.
All courses have a lab and all of the laboratory sections are taught by professors.
All courses have a limit on the number of students who can enroll.
All courses have a limited number of enrollments, so register as early as possible.
All courses have a link to the discussion forums.
All courses have a managerial emphasis that traditional economics courses lack.
All courses have a maximum of four students.
All courses have a minimum enrollment, dependent upon the type and lenght of the class.
All courses have a modular structure with a wide choice of modules.
All courses have a prerequisite of the preceding course or proof of competency.
All courses have a pro shop, club rental, restaurant and refreshments.
All courses have a proctored final examination, and some have a proctored midterm examination.
All courses have a required exam at the end.
All courses have a restricted entry and competition is usually keen.
All courses have a scheduled exam time determined by the starting time of the course.
All courses have a strong field-based component.
All courses have a student area with notes for each session.
All courses have a two-year common study period.
All courses have a web presence and e-mail communication.
All courses have an art and design studio focus.
All courses have an average duration of five days consisting of conferences and round tables.
All courses have an early bird discount.
All courses have an environmental focus.
All courses have an introductory section with little or no computer experience required.
All courses have an L meeting section.
All courses have Arabic hotline support.
All courses have assessment.
All courses have both midterm and final examinations.
All courses have clear behavioral objectives and an examination at the end of the course.
All courses have comprehensive participant manuals.
All courses have credit value equal to the number of times a class meets per week.
All courses have descriptions, syllabi and potential individual course web pages.
All courses have due dates for assignments.
All courses have either a mid-term exam or a final exam or both.
All courses have either laboratory or field activities.
All courses have equal weight.
All courses have equal weighting.
All courses have equipment requirements and prerequisites.
All courses have free unlimited lifetime re-attendance.
All courses have interactive presentations and hands on exercises.
All courses have interactive quizzes.
All courses have limited enrollment.
All courses have minimum and maximum enrolment limits.
All courses have modules to develop professional capability, and the material taught is relevant.
All courses have password protection.
All courses have prerequisite approval of instructor.
All courses have prerequisites.
All courses have restrictions on who can enroll.
All courses have simulations to help students practice in a realistic situation.
All courses have snack bars selling soft drinks and beer.
All courses have strict quota limitations and can close at any time.
All courses have the same orientation.
All courses have their own dining facilities and pro shops.
All courses have three hours credit, unless otherwise indicated.
All courses have to meet certain minimum state educational standards.
All courses have unit value.
All courses have water stops.
All courses have web sites and e-mail interactivity.
All courses have well-defined prerequisites.
All courses help students to develop better test taking skills.
All courses including the practicum are three credits.
All courses incorporate a combination of didactic, demonstration, and experiential techniques.
All courses incorporate key skills such as communication, problem solving and teamwork.
All courses incorporate social activities such as sightseeing and day trips.
All courses integrate mathematics, science, and engineering as central themes.
All courses introduce students to fundamental political and economic issues of American society.
All courses involve a blend of theoretical and practical classes.
All courses involve a European or international perspective.
All courses involve a multinational faculty and are taught in English.
All courses involve classroom instruction.
All courses involve close reading of primary texts, discussion-based classes, and writing.
All courses involve extensive hands-on assignments.
All courses involve four class periods.
All courses involve Internet interaction, usually on a course web site.
All courses involve plenty of course-work, assignments, regular assessments and examinations.
All courses involve practical leathermaking and are student-centred.
All courses involve some level of practical field work both in the Sydney region.
All courses involve study of key writings.
All courses involve team-work and a focus on presentation skills.
All courses involved in the learning of foreign languages belong to the humanities.
All courses lead by experienced and qualified tutors.
All courses lead to certification.
All courses lead toward regular degree programs and teacher endorsements .
All courses leading towards graduation are tuition-free.
All courses listed above are also available onsite at the customer facility.
All courses listed above are three semester hours.
All courses listed are full-time unless otherwise stated.
All courses listed are open year-round.
All courses listed are subject to change.
All courses listed are three credit hours.
All courses listed are three units unless noted otherwise.
All courses listed are three units unless otherwise noted.
All courses listed below are available on the same starting dates.
All courses listed below are available when scheduled.
All courses listed below are likely candidates for substitutions .
All courses listed below are six credits unless otherwise indicated.
All courses listed below are three credits unless otherwise specified in parentheses.
All courses listed below are three semester hours unless otherwise noted.
All courses listed below include lecture notes linked to the readings lists for each class.
All courses listed for DIS are either one, two, three or four hour courses as noted.
All courses listed have open enrollment, unless otherwise noted.
All courses listed here have at least one weekly recitation.
All courses listed in each term are corequisites for others listed in that term.
All courses listed in the Bulletin carry four credits unless otherwise noted.
All courses listed in the following four areas are three-hour courses.
All courses listed in the schedule are subject to change or cancellation.
All courses listed in the schedule of classes are open for enrollment.
All courses listed within carry three hours of semester credit.
All courses maintain a balance of a systematic scientific approach with a strong vocational focus.
All courses maintain a high level of equipment, library, workshop and other study facilities.
All courses make extensive use of health care examples, exercises, case studies, and site visits.
All courses make use of the cultural resources of Rome and involve instruction on site.
All courses meet at local museums.
All courses meet at the program's designated off-campus site. site.
All courses meet daily, six days per week.
All courses meet during the entire semester unless otherwise noted.
All courses meet evenings or weekends.
All courses meet every day.
All courses meet five days a week unless otherwise indicated.
All courses meet for one hour and fifteen minutes, one evening per week for six weeks.
All courses meet four times a week during the day.
All courses meet in the evening because most of our students are part-time.
All courses meet in the evening, once a week for ten consecutive weeks.
All courses meet in the evening.
All courses meet once a week in the evenings or on weekends to accommodate working professionals.
All courses meet once a week.
All courses meet one night a week here at the church.
All courses meet one night per week during the fall and spring term.
All courses meet or exceed every applicable industry code or standard.
All courses meet or exceed requirements for public schools.
All courses meet the current requirements of appropriate registration and employing authorities.
All courses meet the state's educational standards.
All courses meet three hours per week and normally require at least one paper and final exam.
All courses meet twice weekly.
All courses meet two hours once each week, and require additional work outside the classroom.
All courses mention correcting for environmental conditions.
All courses mentioned below are simply wonderful places to play.
All courses mentioned here assume a basic understanding of pertinent linguistic principles.
All courses minimize vehicle travel to maximize wilderness time.
All courses now have a newsgroup created automatically at the beginning of term.
All courses offer a different challenge.
All courses offer a well-stocked pro shop with rental clubs, range balls, cart rentals and lessons.
All courses offer continuing education credits.
All courses offer first-class facilities and equipment is available for rental.
All courses offer four hours tuition per day for six days.
All courses offer full amenities and are simply stunning.
All courses offer graduate credit.
All courses offer hands-on access to equipment and tools.
All courses offer high school credit.
All courses offer nationally recognised qualifications.
All courses offer the possibility to participate in excursions to sites within and around Berlin.
All courses offer the standard credit for one semester and a full credit for one year.
All courses offer thorough training, a detailed manual and ongoing support through a sharing circle.
All courses offer three college credits.
All courses offer three hours of undergraduate credit.
All courses offer three semester hour credit.
All courses offered are available for professional development and personal enrichment.
All courses offered by the Russian division are open to qualified students for elective credit.
All courses offered here are strictly non-credit.
All courses operate within the university's modular schemes.
All courses partially fulfill the writing and humanities requirement.
All courses place a heavy emphasis on the use of technology.
All courses place continual emphasis on applications to the real world and to solving problems.
All courses place heavy emphasis on professional practice.
All courses prepare students for entry into a rewarding job.
All courses prepare students for reading in real-world situations.
All courses presented by outside organizations require full tuition.
All courses prohibit pets and metal spikes.
All courses provide a real instructor for guidance, mentoring, and tutoring.
All courses provide academic credit toward graduation.
All courses provide academic quality while enriching the participant's cultural experience.
All courses provide effective hands-on exercises in addition to instructor demonstrations.
All courses provide extensive coverage of historical material and evolution of current hypotheses.
All courses provide extensive laboratory experience, both inside and outside of the classroom.
All courses provide for assessment and grading at the end of each enrolment period.
All courses provide interactive learning experiences within a community of learners.
All courses provide routine testing, and offer excellent results.
All courses provide students for meaningful participation in mainstream classes.
All courses provide students with practical lab exercises to complete.
All courses provide the equivalent of two regular semesters of instruction.
All courses qualify as state approved for funding.
All courses qualify for college credit upon completion.
All courses qualify for Washington State real estate clock hours.
All courses read texts in English translations.
All courses receive a letter grade and are used to compute a student's grade point average.
All courses receive a letter grade.
All courses receive a letter grades.
All courses receive academic credit toward graduation.
All courses receive the same credit.
All courses receive university credit.
All courses reflect to an extent the interests and biases of their instructor.
All courses regularly use our language laboratory.
All courses remain accessible through the duration of the academic quarter.
All courses represent graduate or post graduate level education.
All courses require a course guide.
All courses require a fee.
All courses require a grade of C or better.
All courses require a grade of C or higher.
All courses require a high intermediate to advanced General English proficiency for admission.
All courses require a high level of English knowledge.
All courses require a minimum number of students and can be canceled due to insufficient enrollment.
All courses require a minimum number of students in order to begin.
All courses require a minimum number of students registering to be offered.
All courses require a minimum of eight participants.
All courses require a minimum of intermediate level English.
All courses require a minimum of two students.
All courses require a safety test be passed before lab work can be started.
All courses require a substantial amount of critical reading, writing, and rewriting.
All courses require a written paper in addition to exam.
All courses require additional expenses for textbooks, supplies, lab fees or museum admissions.
All courses require admission to the professional component or permission of the chair.
All courses require advance enrollment.
All courses require advance preparation.
All courses require an access code.
All courses require an applied project or study in a business setting.
All courses require an approval code.
All courses require approval of the student's adviser.
All courses require at least some collaboratively authored projects.
All courses require attendance at periodic on-campus sessions.
All courses require completion of an advance reading assignment prior to the first class meeting.
All courses require computer keyboard skills as a prerequisite.
All courses require considerable time for homework and projects.
All courses require departmental permission to register.
All courses require extensive reading of primary sources and stress interpretative writing.
All courses require extensive writing.
All courses require fluency in reading and writing English.
All courses require from the students an important share of personal work based on readings.
All courses require full participation in two four-day weekend modules.
All courses require full payment at the time of registration.
All courses require good attendance and homework.
All courses require home access to the Internet and a computer capable of playing multimedia.
All courses require one year of introductory biology.
All courses require periodic evaluations of the student's performance.
All courses require permission of faculty prior to enrolling.
All courses require permission of the instructor.
All courses require permission of the program director or advisor.
All courses require permission to enroll.
All courses require placement tests, have passwords and are capped.
All courses require pre-registration and full payment of course fees.
All courses require preregistration and space is limited.
All courses require pre-registration prior to class date.
All courses require preregistration, and space is limited.
All courses require pre-registration, and space is limited.
All courses require preregistration.
All courses require pre-registration.
All courses require problem solving skills, critiques, and evaluation.
All courses require purchase of a textbook.
All courses require reading, preparation for seminars, and essay writing.
All courses require registration, except where noted.
All courses require registration.
All courses require satisfactory completion of entry level critical thinking assessment.
All courses require soft spikes.
All courses require some supplies that the student is responsible to provide.
All courses require some swimming pool and open-water diving time.
All courses require some writing.
All courses require textbooks, and some require videotapes or audiocassettes.
All courses require textbooks.
All courses require the approval of the student s departmental adviser.
All courses require the approval of the student's advising committee.
All courses require the purchase of the accompanying learning package.
All courses require the use of a graphing calculator.
All courses require use of e-mail and access to the Internet.
All courses required for the degree program is offered at the school awarding the degree.
All courses required for the program are available from the Traverse City site.
All courses required in the program are open only to graduate students.
All courses run according to the regular academic calendar.
All courses run continuously, call for more information.
All courses run during term time, with many of the courses running during the school holidays.
All courses run for one full year and most are open to all grade levels.
All courses run for six weeks.
All courses run on condition that sufficient numbers enrol.
All courses run on condition that sufficient numbers enroll.
All courses run subject to minimum enrolments being achieved.
All courses run subject to numbers.
All courses run through open rural roads.
All courses seek to enhance participants' ability for handling conflict.
All courses serve as support courses for various allied health programs.
All courses share a large set of core modules.
All courses share the same underlying object database and collaborative tools.
All courses shown are at the college level.
All courses start at the most basic level.
All courses stress analytic thinking and clear, cogent writing.
All courses stress critical thinking and communication skills.
All courses stress the importance of reading, writing and critical thinking skills.
All courses stress the integration of knowledge, skills, awareness, and Christian faith.
All courses take advantage of Washington's unique resources for study and research.
All courses take place during the week.
All courses take place in a safe learning environment.
All courses take place in French.
All courses take place in North London.
All courses take place on the university campus.
All courses take place twice a year in central London.
All courses take the same amount of time.
All courses taken at a community college are lower-division courses.
All courses taken at two-year colleges are lower level.
All courses taken for credit receive a letter grade.
All courses taken for the associate degree are applicable toward the bachelor's degree.
All courses taken for the certificate also fulfill associate degree requirements.
All courses taken have a research component built into the course work.
All courses taken in Greece are four credits.
All courses taken in the certificate program are applicable for the associate degree.
All courses taken in the certificate program are applicable to the associate degree.
All courses taken in the certificate programs are applicable for the associate degree.
All courses teach highly efficient, current industry working designs that are proven successes.
All courses transfer as electives.
All courses transfer back to Slippery Rock.
All courses transfer into a degree program.
All courses use a flexible fee policy and no one is turned away due to an inability to pay.
All courses use a laboratory approach as the basis for study.
All courses use the latest technology to provide interactive and stimulating learning.
All courses use the natural hilly contours of the land well.
All courses use TMAs.
All courses utilize current computer hardware and software used in the graphic design profession.
All courses utilize group discussions through bulletin board applications.
All courses utilize lectures, demonstration, and hands-on exercises.
All courses utilize problem-solving, case centered discussions.
Any course can be attendedvirtually by an unlimited number of students.
Any course is a compromise between breadth and depth of coverage.
Any course is taught for which there is sufficient demand.
Any course listed without a call number requires special permission.
Any course needs a facelift to gain new technology and drainage.
Any course recommend elective be in one of the content areas.
Any course relating to the veterinary scope of practice is acceptable.
Any courses taken to remove admission deficiencies extend the minimum requirements for any degree.
Every course balances speaking, listening, reading and writing.
Every course comes with an English version of the video as well.
Every course consists of modules that include both classroom lectures and hands on training.
Every course contains coached workshop time for students to work with their own data.
Every course counts equally towards the final assessment.
Every course covers what to do in a wilderness emergency, and often includes a simulated accident.
Every course features ocean and marsh-side holes.
Every course gets progressively more difficult, leaving less and less room for error.
Every course gives a given number of credits, according to what is specified below.
Every course has a different password.
Every course has a homepage symbol.
Every course has a lab component that provides opportunities for knowledge and skills integration.
Every course has a maximum enrollment limit.
Every course has a number of locations.
Every course has a personality.
Every course has a schedule for completion.
Every course has a unique sequence of punches.
Every course has access to a help desk via a toll free number.
Every course has an assigned number of credits, which are used to calculate the cost of tuition.
Every course has an assigned senior faculty supervisor.
Every course has at least one meeting section.
Every course has certain requirements.
Every course has it's own particular features.
Every course has one main homepage.
Every course has significant research requirements and group interaction.
Every course has the best of wines, perfectly matched to the food.
Every course has the same level workload as all the others.
Every course includes a field experience.
Every course includes a light lunch.
Every course includes a solo.
Every course includes life and employability skills.
Every course includes literature, software and lunch.
Every course includes reference materials for use back at the office.
Every course includes The Basic Book, and audios.
Every course is a different one and met with various challenges.
Every course is a new one and there's something to being comfortable in unfamiliar surroundings.
Every course is a prospect for our products.
Every course is a revelation right up to fruit, cheese, pastries, deserts and after-dinner wines.
Every course is based on lectures, demonstrations and laboratory practice.
Every course is customized to the level of the individual.
Every course is devised in modular formats to allow for incremental learning and transfer of skills.
Every course is divided into and tracked by chapters and sections.
Every course is evaluated by students every quarter using a standard university-wide instrument.
Every course is evaluated by students every semester using a standard university-wide instrument.
Every course is in a written self paced format.
Every course is loaded.
Every course is moderated by an external assessor.
Every course is offered in one of the semsters in a two year period.
Every course is open to the public, and tee times can be made ahead of time.
Every course is preceded by an introductory session.
Every course is similar.
Every course is taught by a proven professional.
Every course is taught with ministry in mind.
Every course is taught with several specific goals in mind.
Every course is to be completed by directed independent study.
Every course is visited by the subject co-ordinator at least once every four years.
Every course is worth a specific number of units.
Every course listed offers an enjoyable round of golf.
Every course offered in the core and concentration areas can also serve as an elective.
Every course offers something.
Every course provides classroom instruction, with an emphasis on time spent sailing.
Every course provides new information for solving problems.
Every course represents a language level.
Every course taken as an undergraduate is important.
Every course takes four weeks to finish.
Many course integrate periods of practical work experience with theoretical studies.
Many course syllabi carry the names, e-mail addresses and office hours of TA's.
Many courses add a writing competency and recommended preparation.
Many courses allow for, or require, an appropriate additional language.
Many courses already make use of the library staff for bibliographic instruction.
Many courses also consider appropriately related art, music, history, and philosophy.
Many courses also have a mid year intake.
Many courses also have lab fees that vary from course to course.
Many courses also introduce students to the application of psychology.
Many courses also provide links to their own sites.
Many courses also use guest speakers and field trips.
Many courses also use it for content and testing.
Many courses also use other learning aids such as video tapes or lab kits.
Many courses also use the web informally.
Many courses apply toward general education requirements.
Many courses are already available and more are being added all the time.
Many courses are also available online.
Many courses are also cross-listed and are available for undergraduate credit.
Many courses are also of interest to teachers for recertification .
Many courses are also relevant to the work of other personnel in the education service.
Many courses are available by directed studies, online, or by correspondence at any time.
Many courses are available during summer sessions as well as in the fall and spring semesters.
Many courses are available exclusively through on-line study.
Many courses are available in evenings.
Many courses are available in more than one medium.
Many courses are available in the afternoons to accommodate faculty.
Many courses are available on a part-time basis.
Many courses are available to both undergraduate and graduate students.
Many courses are available to the ORNL community.
Many courses are available to use with the latest technological benefits.
Many courses are available.
Many courses are closed to majors and minors only.
Many courses are common to all programs in the group.
Many courses are credits in one or more certificate programs.
Many courses are cross-listed with other departments such as History, English and Art.
Many courses are eligible for prior learning assessment .
Many courses are eligible for prior learning assessment.
Many courses are eligible for transfer credit or advanced placement.
Many courses are especially attractive to senior adults.
Many courses are field intensive, and all are lab intensive.
Many courses are free or have very small fees.
Many courses are free to current students .
Many courses are free to students who qualify.
Many courses are in an accelerated format that fit in the busy schedules of adult students.
Many courses are in great demand so it is advisable to book well before the start date.
Many courses are now available by Internet, and new courses are continually being added.
Many courses are now available from our comprehensive curriculum .
Many courses are open on sunny, balmy winter days.
Many courses are open to auditors but there are some restrictions.
Many courses are open to the public.
Many courses are original works of the instructor.
Many courses are relevant to more than one theme.
Many courses are short term and based on our understanding of how people learn.
Many courses are simply traditional courses whose materials have been put online.
Many courses are strong rep for the creative designer.
Many courses are suitable for nonmajors who wish to enrich their backgrounds.
Many courses are team-taught to provide the double perspective of practitioner and scholar.
Many courses are transferable to four year institutions.
Many courses are transferable.
Many courses are transferrable for advanced degrees.
Many courses are very labor-intensive, with evening class meetings or assignments.
Many courses are worth three credits.
Many courses are year-long and count for six semester credits each.
Many courses assume that students have prior, or preliminary, knowledge of the area of study.
Many courses assume that the student has a certain level of knowledge.
Many courses bear no relation to work.
Many courses carry general education credit.
Many courses charge a fee, so please contact the program provider.
Many courses charge weekend fees on Fridays.
Many courses concurrently satisfy a core requirement and an awareness area requirement.
Many courses consist of a balance between class assignments, mid-term tests and then the final exam.
Many courses demand knowledge from a previous course to be able to solve a current problem.
Many courses demand weekly papers, preparation and sometimes tests and quizzes every few weeks.
Many courses draw on the resources of the Native American community.
Many courses employ interdisciplinary methodologies and innovative critical perspectives.
Many courses encourage study groups.
Many courses end up in rooms larger than their seat limit, resulting in lost seat space.
Many courses end with an exam of up to two hours.
Many courses engage students as consultants to real companies to solve specific problems.
Many courses examine issues of war and peace.
Many courses examine music in a broader social context.
Many courses fall into more than one pathway area, as do many career choices.
Many courses feature a final project instead of a final examination.
Many courses feature Internet access, computer tutorials and simulation games to enhance learning.
Many courses feature technology-mediated interaction between students and faculty members.
Many courses fill quickly, so register early.
Many courses fill to capacity.
Many courses fill up as early as six months in advance of the scheduled date of the course.
Many courses fill up as early as six months in advance of the scheduled date.
Many courses fill up early and some have enrollment limits.
Many courses fill up quickly so it is advisable to book early.
Many courses focus on international topics as a whole or as units in courses.
Many courses focus on issues of diversity, both domestically and globally.
Many courses focus on the on-going training of employees.
Many courses focus specifically on public interest issues and under-represented constituencies.
Many courses follow a specific order.
Many courses fulfill distribution and culture studies requirements.
Many courses have a compulsory placement as part of the syllabus.
Many courses have a double class period each week in order to use the labs effectively.
Many courses have a fee in addition to tuition.
Many courses have a limited enrollment and fill quickly.
Many courses have a prerequisite requirement.
Many courses have a very limited number of seats open to seniors and juniors.
Many courses have as many as five sets of tees.
Many courses have both day and evening sections to accommodate work schedules.
Many courses have developmental English, mathematics, or reading course prerequisites.
Many courses have early drop deadlines.
Many courses have electric buggies, club houses and putting greens.
Many courses have enrollment maximums, usually because of limited space or instructor request.
Many courses have field trips which last from one to four days.
Many courses have letter suffixes that appear right after the number.
Many courses have limited enrollment and fill quickly.
Many courses have limits on enrollments.
Many courses have mailing lists as some professors prefer a mailing list to a newsgroup.
Many courses have mid-term examinations.
Many courses have mid-term exams and final exams.
Many courses have more detailed syllabi specific to that semester's offering.
Many courses have multiple delivery modes.
Many courses have practicum requirements, which combine clinical experience and classroom knowledge.
Many courses have practicums, which combine clinical experience and classroom knowledge.
Many courses have prerequisites or are offered in only one semester each year.
Many courses have prerequisites or co-requisites.
Many courses have prerequisites which are listed in the course descriptions.
Many courses have prerequisites.
Many courses have science laboratories.
Many courses have senior citizen rates.
Many courses have specific prerequisites.
Many courses have specific subject requirements as well as points requirements.
Many courses have team assignments.
Many courses have texts that are available used.
Many courses have web components and new classrooms are being wired for online connections.
Many courses hold leagues in the summer for children, corporations, and city employees.
Many courses integrate travel and the classroom.
Many courses involve direct experience and interaction with practitioners.
Many courses involve field trips where students apply concepts learned in the classroom.
Many courses involve projects in a business or industry setting.
Many courses involve research, both through online and traditional sources.
Many courses involve team projects about and for business.
Many courses lack enough additional land for expansion, for example.
Many courses lead to a qualification.
Many courses listed below have their own web sites.
Many courses make specific demands in terms of entry qualifications.
Many courses make use of computer technology as educational tools to complete assignments.
Many courses make use of multimedia materials found in the library, e.g. CD-ROMs, videotapes, etc.
Many courses make use of the computer network and software.
Many courses make use of the findings, concepts, and suggestions of the social sciences.
Many courses now use recycled water as part of their irrigation practices.
Many courses now utilize computers on a regular basis.
Many courses offer a variety of tools and job aids.
Many courses offer basic information, while some provide features like assignments on-line.
Many courses offer day and evening options.
Many courses offer discount pricing for senior citizens.
Many courses offer experience in laboratory or field research.
Many courses offer field placements in local social service agencies and clinical settings.
Many courses offer field trips to artistic sites in the region.
Many courses offer food and liquor service.
Many courses offer junior and senior rates, usually weekdays only.
Many courses offer opportunities for extended writing and independent research.
Many courses offer practice ranges.
Many courses offer special pricing options for two or more days.
Many courses offer students the opportunity to undertake industry-based research projects.
Many courses offer twilight rates and some offer early-bird specials, too.
Many courses offer various specials depending on the time of day.
Many courses offer winter discounts.
Many courses offering a general acquaintance with some facet of Slavic studies have no prerequisite.
Many courses only use a computer lab for a few classes during the semester.
Many courses prepare students to use information technology and computers.
Many courses provide cups with ice to fill up at several locations along the course.
Many courses provide hands-on experience.
Many courses provide lectures in videotape or CD-ROM format.
Many courses provide lessons, a driving range, and a lounge or restaurant.
Many courses provide practical assistance with carrying out research.
Many courses provide practical training with laboratory exercises and field trips.
Many courses provide undergraduate and graduate credit.
Many courses reach the maximum enrollment early, so apply as soon as possible.
Many courses reach their maximum enrollment very quickly.
Many courses rely primarily on printed and audio materials.
Many courses require a first degree.
Many courses require a library session.
Many courses require a number of years before the course is complete.
Many courses require a password which can only be obtained from the instructor.
Many courses require a prerequisite of one or more courses.
Many courses require an administration fee for spouses and ARNG civilian employees.
Many courses require certain materials before the course begins.
Many courses require client, agency, or community contacts.
Many courses require completion of class projects, individual reports and examinations.
Many courses require departmental permission and are restricted to approved majors.
Many courses require fees for supplies or materials.
Many courses require formal design reports.
Many courses require group projects and intensive teamwork.
Many courses require group work and study groups.
Many courses require in-class laboratories in addition to the usual lecture and discussion classes.
Many courses require internet accessibility.
Many courses require literature searches and other technical writing.
Many courses require multiple exams and include one voucher for each.
Many courses require off-campus field trips.
Many courses require other courses as prerequisites.
Many courses require players to use carts, which drives up the costs even further.
Many courses require prerequisites.
Many courses require proctored exams.
Many courses require projects to be completed by small teams of students.
Many courses require proper sequencing and prerequisites.
Many courses require registration in an associated lab section.
Many courses require some knowledge of mathematics and biological science.
Many courses require some level of community involvement.
Many courses require students to perform research projects.
Many courses require students to work extensively on their own in College and at home.
Many courses require that students organize class sessions.
Many courses require the instructor's permission.
Many courses require the student to have completed prerequisites to enroll.
Many courses require two or more semesters to complete.
Many courses require weekly assignments.
Many courses required to satisfy a degree program also satisfy certification requirements.
Many courses run for the full year and examinations for all courses are held in the final term.
Many courses satisfy the requirement for eight upper-division courses.
Many courses stay open past midnight for night owls to enjoy.
Many courses take an international perspective.
Many courses take water from their own ponds.
Many courses taken abroad can earn the student credit toward a degree program.
Many courses taken in the program apply toward an associate degree.
Many courses taught in other departments relate environmental issues to their fields of study.
Many courses teach team building and utilize case analyses and presentations.
Many courses teach to the exam.
Many courses train people from different denominations.
Many courses transfer to baccalaureate-granting institutions.
Many courses use campus computing labs for course meetings, routinely or periodically.
Many courses use multimedia software.
Many courses use newsgroups to distribute assignments and to conduct discussions.
Many courses use online discussions as part of the course.
Many courses use texts that are approved study guides to help prepare students for certifications.
Many courses use the back side to list yardages and pars for their course.
Many courses use the center for weekly tests generated from item banks and scored by computer.
Many courses use the Internet, electronic mail lists, and curriculum specific software.
Many courses use web components as part of the instruction.
Many courses use web pages as resources for their courses.
Many courses use web utilities to disseminate information to the students.
Many courses utilize audio and videostreaming class lectures.
Many courses utilize essays and reports as a major component of the course grade.
Many courses utilize mapping exercises.
Many courses wind around in the woods with just a quarter mile to go.
More courses are already in the writing and planning stages for next year.
More courses are also in the works in the area.
More courses are available than are represented in the public offering.
More courses are forthcoming.
More courses are in the making.
More courses are in the planning stages.
More courses are in various stages of preparation.
More courses are on the drawing board.
More courses are on the way.
More courses are under development for the virtual campus.
More courses are under development.
More courses require students to collaborate on group projects as part of their coursework.
Most course are free, but some have fees associated.
Most course reading is from the textbook.
Most course require constant attendance and frequent participation in class discussions.
Most courses adopt rules that encourage golfers to take responsibility for their miscues.
Most courses aim to develop general communication skills in the language.
Most courses allow a choice of majors but there are some that are core majors.
Most courses allow year-round registration.
Most courses also have a scheduled weekly lecture.
Most courses also have coordinators who deal with the administrative aspects and with problems.
Most courses also have memberships available.
Most courses also require several hours for out of class aural and oral lab experiences.
Most courses also seek to increase midshipmen's problem solving skills.
Most courses apply to all institutional settings.
Most courses are a year long.
Most courses are already online.
Most courses are also available in a distance learning format.
Most courses are also available on an in-house basis.
Most courses are also open to industry.
Most courses are also open to nonmajors.
Most courses are also video-broadcast to all offices.
Most courses are at postgraduate level and relatively short.
Most courses are at the graduate level in education and science education.
Most courses are at the graduate level.
Most courses are audioconference.
Most courses are available by distance education and short-term workshops.
Most courses are available distance education and short-term workshops.
Most courses are available for distance learners.
Most courses are available in instructor-led versions.
Most courses are available in ten lessons of about one hour each.
Most courses are available one semester each year, and some courses are offered in alternate years.
Most courses are available with instruction in English, some also in German, French and Spanish.
Most courses are available.
Most courses are coeducational.
Most courses are cross-listed with other departments.
Most courses are cumulative, as one topic builds upon the last.
Most courses are either short or part time allowing maximum flexibility.
Most courses are for adults, there are also courses for children.
Most courses are four credit hours.
Most courses are four credits, although seminar courses are generally two credits.
Most courses are four-hour and upper division.
Most courses are four-week affairs, with classes that meet four hours a day.
Most courses are free of charge.
Most courses are free to seniors on a space-available basis.
Most courses are full-year offerings, but many semester courses are also available.
Most courses are half-units.
Most courses are in Phoenix or Las Vegas, and on site options available.
Most courses are in the humanities and social science areas.
Most courses are individualized and students progress at their own pace.
Most courses are intensives.
Most courses are interactive, small, and rely heavily on class discussion.
Most courses are interdisciplinary in nature.
Most courses are less than twenty hours long and are available at a range of times.
Most courses are limited to in-state students only.
Most courses are limited to twenty students per section.
Most courses are male, although one female course is offered each summer.
Most courses are much less.
Most courses are non-metal spikes facilities.
Most courses are non-sequential.
Most courses are now one semester in duration instead of a full year.
Most courses are offered both semesters, so the single semester student has a wide range of choices.
Most courses are one week in duration, with an examination held on the final day.
Most courses are online and self-paced.
Most courses are open to all adults regardless of educational background.
Most courses are open to all employees, but some are specifically for managers.
Most courses are open to all staff and students and are free.
Most courses are open to all staff and students free of charge.
Most courses are open to all staff and students, a few are for staff only.
Most courses are open to all students seeking professional growth or personal enrichment.
Most courses are open to auditors on a space-available basis.
Most courses are open to both majors and non-majors.
Most courses are open to degree and non-degree students alike.
Most courses are open to enrollment by auditors.
Most courses are open to everyone.
Most courses are open to high school juniors, seniors, and adults except where noted.
Most courses are open to interested students as electives.
Most courses are open to students admitted into the Summer Session and are subject to class limits.
Most courses are open to the public.
Most courses are part time.
Most courses are password-protected so that only registered students and staff can access it.
Most courses are private, but two outstanding ones are open to the public.
Most courses are regular courses which are also offered during other semesters.
Most courses are regular offerings.
Most courses are self-paced and allow up to nine months to complete the coursework.
Most courses are six to eight weeks long and meet one day per week.
Most courses are somewhat flexible in terms of course content, and are readily customized.
Most courses are still almost exclusively text.
Most courses are suitable for professional educators from early childhood through junior college.
Most courses are three credit hours.
Most courses are three credits, but some are two and some are four.
Most courses are three credits.
Most courses are three hours with on-line testing.
Most courses are three or four credit hours and run during a regular semester time frame.
Most courses are three or four semester hours.
Most courses are three semester credit hours and meet three hours per week.
Most courses are three semester hours.
Most courses are three to four semester hours.
Most courses are three units.
Most courses are three, six or twelve weeks long.
Most courses are through interagency partners or in-house and usually with no tuition costs.
Most courses are to obtain a diploma or a master s degree.
Most courses are traditional lectures with some courses delivered by broadcast.
Most courses are transferable to four-year colleges and universities.
Most courses are transferable to four-year institutions.
Most courses are transferable to senior institutions.
Most courses are two credits and run for eight weeks.
Most courses are two graduate credits.
Most courses are two or four weeks in duration.
Most courses are two or three credits.
Most courses are two or three days in length.
Most courses are undergraduate courses but some can also be taken as postgraduate courses.
Most courses are usually one year full time.
Most courses are weekly two hour sessions, often organized as reading seminars.
Most courses are worth one semester course credit.
Most courses are worth their cost just for the study materials they provide.
Most courses are worth three credits.
Most courses are worth two, three, or four credits.
Most courses are year-long.
Most courses assume basic computing skills.
Most courses award one credit but certification courses award two credits.
Most courses award three credits.
Most courses begin and end with a traditional semester.
Most courses begin in the autumn.
Most courses can be ready in just weeks.
Most courses can partially satisfy general studies requirements.
Most courses carry four credit hours and fulfill core distribution or major requirements.
Most courses carry four semester hours of credit.
Most courses carry four semester-hours of credit.
Most courses carry no prerequisites and are open to all students.
Most courses carry three hours of credit.
Most courses carry three or four semester hours of credit.
Most courses carry three semester credits and meet three hours per week for fifteen weeks.
Most courses carry three semester hours of credit.
Most courses cater for full and part-time students.
Most courses charge a lab fee.
Most courses charge the greens fee at the time of play.
Most courses combine compulsory elements and electives or options.
Most courses combine practical and tutorial sessions with a lecture programme.
Most courses come with a complete study booklet, which reduces the ammount of notes taken.
Most courses comprise three terms of ten classes.
Most courses conclude with written final examinations.
Most courses consist of about six students in a seminar-style format.
Most courses consist of about ten sample points to insure sound statistical data.
Most courses consist of areas with hilly or elevated terrain, trees, ponds, rivers, and even sand.
Most courses consist of four sessions although some vary in length.
Most courses consist of instructor lectures and student assignments with definite due dates.
Most courses consist of lectures as well as classes.
Most courses consist of lectures with occasional student presentations.
Most courses consist of ten modules.
Most courses contain one or two exams.
Most courses continue for the full nine month first academic year.
Most courses count for one credit.
Most courses count for three credits.
Most courses count for three hours.
Most courses designated as one half unit have no prerequisites.
Most courses designed primarily for music majors are also open to other students.
Most courses do have an on-site requirement.
Most courses do have midterms and finals.
Most courses do have specific deadlines for assignments, exams and other learning activities.
Most courses do require visits to campus.
Most courses earn one credit.
Most courses emphasize conversational skills.
Most courses emphasize the analysis of our Canadian context and the use of Canadian resources.
Most courses employ standard letter grading described below.
Most courses end with a written examination.
Most courses feature group working exercises and participation is encouraged.
Most courses feature information on safety eyewear and control devices.
Most courses fill before the beginning date.
Most courses fill many weeks before they begin.
Most courses focus either narrowly and deeply or broadly and shallowly.
Most courses focus thematically on Europe, Germany, and Berlin.
Most courses fulfill general university requirements and count toward graduation.
Most courses fulfill more than one distribution requirement.
Most courses grant three credits.
Most courses handle the printing and photocopying of their own examinations.
Most courses have a class size of eight or less.
Most courses have a European component.
Most courses have a fee.
Most courses have a fixed number of credit hours.
Most courses have a maximum and a minimum enrolment capacity.
Most courses have a midterm and a final exam.
Most courses have a prerequisite.
Most courses have a required text.
Most courses have a set text to which teachers are encouraged to add their own input.
Most courses have a strong international and developing country orientation.
Most courses have a textbook or a required set of materials.
Most courses have about ten lectures a week, plus two or three seminars or classes.
Most courses have additional requirements.
Most courses have additional specific prerequisites.
Most courses have an end of semester examination that covers material from the whole semester.
Most courses have an optional reading list referencing other pertinent material.
Most courses have an optional sandwich year.
Most courses have an orientation meeting on the first scheduled day of class.
Most courses have at least one exam which is taken under approved supervision.
Most courses have both walkers and riders in their maintenance buildings.
Most courses have club rental available.
Most courses have cumulative final exams.
Most courses have enrollment limits.
Most courses have extensive fieldwork and most courses are taught at a public school site.
Most courses have extensive reading lists, and the books tend to be in either Swedish or English.
Most courses have from three to five scheduled on-campus meetings during the semester.
Most courses have hands-on labs.
Most courses have individual or group field projects as well as formal lectures and discussions.
Most courses have internet supplements.
Most courses have lab periods.
Most courses have laboratory activities.
Most courses have limited enrolments.
Most courses have more activities than can be shown at one time on the screen.
Most courses have multiple options when it comes to assessment of student progress.
Most courses have no charge for seniors.
Most courses have no prerequisites.
Most courses have one professor and one learner.
Most courses have online components in addition to print-based supplements.
Most courses have online previews.
Most courses have overlaps and prerequisites, which are listed in the course directory pages.
Most courses have prerequisites.
Most courses have reading assignments.
Most courses have several sections.
Most courses have short cuts or turn arounds to reduce the distance.
Most courses have specific dates when assignments and tests are due.
Most courses have specific start and stop dates.
Most courses have their own newsgroup.
Most courses have three lecture hours and three laboratory hours per week.
Most courses have tight limits on the number of students.
Most courses have to accommodate one prevailing wind.
Most courses have training charges assessed.
Most courses have twilight rates.
Most courses have two or more examinations.
Most courses improve significantly the second or third time around.
Most courses incorporate classroom studies as well as both laboratory and field experiences.
Most courses incorporate one or more written tests.
Most courses insist on a dress standard.
Most courses involve a significant research project in which the student collects and analyzes data.
Most courses involve considerable time working on board the research vessels.
Most courses involve group work and group assessment for course work and presentations.
Most courses involve lectures and weekly tutorials or labs.
Most courses involve prerequisite course work or proven ability in the subject area.
Most courses involve several hours of teaching each week, together with associated private study.
Most courses involve short vacation courses run on campus.
Most courses involve two-hours of teaching each week, backed up with course work.
Most courses last eight weeks.
Most courses last five weeks and are offered one at a time.
Most courses last six weeks.
Most courses last three to six weeks.
Most courses last two semesters and carry three credits per semester.
Most courses last up to three weeks.
Most courses lead to a diploma and a number of the longer courses result in a master s degree.
Most courses listed are also applicable to the departmental major in science.
Most courses listed here are for faculty, staff and graduate students only.
Most courses listed in the accompanying table make excellent electives.
Most courses listed in the major have action research or service learning components.
Most courses meet during the late afternoon or evening hours, or on weekends.
Most courses meet each day of the cycle for either one semester or for the full year.
Most courses meet for a minimum of five weeks.
Most courses meet for three hours one evening a week during the semester.
Most courses meet for three lecture hours per week.
Most courses meet for two hours a day at several locations during the school year.
Most courses meet for two periods weekly with a third period approximately every other week.
Most courses meet in barrier-free buildings.
Most courses meet once a week for two hours or less often for three hours.
Most courses meet one evening per week or on weekends.
Most courses meet one or two times per week in a fourteen-week format.
Most courses meet only online.
Most courses meet the objectives of vendor certification programs.
Most courses meet the requirement for continuing education for other licenses or certifications.
Most courses meet three hours a week and are valued at three credits.
Most courses meet three hours per evening, one evening a week, for a period of eight weeks.
Most courses meet three hours per week and have a credit value of three semester hours.
Most courses normally have one lecture and one tutorial, seminar or practical per week.
Most courses nowadays contain critical or contextual elements.
Most courses occur within a particular sequence.
Most courses offer a tutorial format to encourage questions and expand the learning experience.
Most courses offer an extensive training curriculum, AV products and training manuals.
Most courses offer FREE green fees for at least one round.
Most courses offer longer championship tees as well as shorter women's tees.
Most courses offer personalised training, often on a one to one basis.
Most courses offer students the opportunity to improve their writing skills.
Most courses offer telephone, fax, and e-mail communication with the course professor or tutor.
Most courses offer the opportunity to spend time in the region being studied.
Most courses offer the service for a nominal fee.
Most courses offer two choices the first week of the term.
Most courses offered during the quarter carry academic credit.
Most courses overseed the fairways and, thus, they remain in excellent shape throughout the winter.
Most courses present a unique approach to unconventional topics.
Most courses presume our basic two-year calculus sequence.
Most courses prohibit metal spikes now.
Most courses provide a student handbook, a lecture book, a seminar book and a bibliography.
Most courses provide free time for traveling and class field trips.
Most courses provide students with the opportunity to work in small groups on an assigned task.
Most courses qualify as dual enrollment opportunities for qualified advanced high school students.
Most courses receive advanced grade points.
Most courses rely on surface and air mail.
Most courses require a medical and liability form to be filled out prior to the course.
Most courses require a minimum attendance to keep registration fees low.
Most courses require a minimum of one to two hours of preparation for each hour in class.
Most courses require a modest special fee for safety equipment, camp fees, etc.
Most courses require a proctored mid-term and final exam.
Most courses require a semester examination.
Most courses require a tee time.
Most courses require a telecourse guidebook and textbook to supplement the television lessons.
Most courses require a textbook and a specially developed course packet.
Most courses require a textbook.
Most courses require a word processing program.
Most courses require about one half the amount of class time compared to traditional courses.
Most courses require additional hours of study outside of the scheduled classroom hours.
Most courses require at least one trip to the main campus per semester.
Most courses require at least two hours of work outside the classroom for every hour spent in class.
Most courses require completion of a reading assignment prior to the first class meeting.
Most courses require extensive writing.
Most courses require modest lab fees.
Most courses require no registration.
Most courses require only one trainer.
Most courses require passes with particular grades and sometimes in specific subjects.
Most courses require players to present their handicap certificates before play.
Most courses require prerequisites.
Most courses require regular participation throughout the semester.
Most courses require several major papers, projects and extensive reading.
Most courses require some form of writing or a presentation of a topic related to the course.
Most courses require some on campus meetings with the course instructor.
Most courses require some updating over time as requirements change.
Most courses require specific textbooks, supplies and other materials to complete the course.
Most courses require students to compose and post at least four substantive messages per week.
Most courses require students to present their programs orally as well as in writing.
Most courses require students to purchase and install software on their computers.
Most courses require students to take online quizzes and use a course bulletin board.
Most courses require students to undertake clinical or fieldwork placements.
Most courses require students to write research papers.
Most courses require ten or more participants.
Most courses require text books, strenuous activity, and regular participation.
Most courses require textbooks, strenuous activity, and regular participation.
Most courses require textbooks.
Most courses require that students have access to certain books.
Most courses require that the student is capable of sending and receiving email with attachments.
Most courses require the completion of a semester-long project.
Most courses require the following items.
Most courses require the writing of exams.
Most courses require three on-campus class meetings each semester.
Most courses require weekly assignments.
Most courses run five weeks, with students attending just one night per week for four hours.
Most courses run for a semester instead of a year.
Most courses run for an entire term.
Most courses run for five weeks, two hours a week.
Most courses run for six weekend sessions.
Most courses run for six weeks, meeting once a week for two hours.
Most courses run for the entire academic year, although some semester classes are available.
Most courses run four weeks.
Most courses run seven weeks.
Most courses run several times a year.
Most courses run the entire academic year.
Most courses run the full academic year.
Most courses share a common standard of examination grades.
Most courses start assuming students are aware that vision is a passive process.
Most courses start immediately after breakfast.
Most courses take at least four months to complete.
Most courses take much longer.
Most courses take place in the fall, winter, and spring quarters.
Most Courses take place in the Las Vegas area.
Most courses taken from a recognized college-level civil engineering department are acceptable.
Most courses teach only the content or data of a subject.
Most courses use a test facility and test monitor, called a proctor , for exams.
Most courses use collaborative strategies and have ongoing peer interaction.
Most courses use Internet classrooms.
Most courses utilize computers and current software.
Most courses utilize field trips and on-site teaching to support classroom lectures.
Some course lead to a certificate.
Some course require accident insurance while in class.
Some course require books, software or supplies.
Some course require prerequisite, please check with the instructors before enrolling.
Some course work at a biological station is required as part of the Honours program.
Some course work in Biology.
Some course work in optics or material science is desirable.
Some course work in optics or materials science is desirable.
Some course work in the field of adult education is preferred.
Some course work in the sciences, history, philosophy, or computer science is required.
Some course work leading to baccalaureate degrees is also available.
Some courses add to the problem with their cart policies.
Some courses address questions of power, disempowerment, and the human longing for liberation.
Some courses aimed at learners from disadvantaged groups are free.
Some courses allocate extra time to particular activities such as sport or music.
Some courses allow credit cards as a deposit.
Some courses allow for a mixture of modules of different sizes to be taken.
Some courses allow guest access to portions of their sites.
Some courses allow players to set up tee times online, but that is far from an industry standard.
Some courses allow registration at any time during the course.
Some courses allow up to six players per group.
Some courses also are available via the Internet.
Some courses also ask students to post or share their homework assignments for class critiquing.
Some courses also charge a program fee.
Some courses also have homework assignments submitted to special homework folders.
Some courses also have lab fees.
Some courses also have links to web syllabi that faculty have put up.
Some courses also hold workshops and practicals.
Some courses also integrate field research in the Durham community with classroom discussion.
Some courses also involve computer work, and some have a substantial project component.
Some courses also involve videotapes and CD-ROMs.
Some courses also offer an alternative route into third-level education.
Some courses also offer color yardage guide, ball marker, and divot repair tool.
Some courses also provide supervised practice teaching .
Some courses also require an on-campus orientation.
Some courses also require other specific software packages.
Some courses also require the signatures of the department chair or dean.
Some courses also use CMAs and some have projects which are like extended TMAs.
Some courses also use supplies such as lab items, art materials, etc.
Some courses alternate, every other year.
Some courses appear on both lists.
Some courses apply toward general education requirements and others apply toward specific degrees.
Some courses are again shared but the majority specialize in one area.
Some courses are all about shots, and ignore the plan.
Some courses are all inclusive, providing prices that include room and board.
Some courses are also available as ancillary subjects for students taking other degree programmes.
Some courses are also available at night.
Some courses are also available in an online versions.
Some courses are also available in home study.
Some courses are also available on campus in a summer immersion format.
Some courses are also available online.
Some courses are also available over the web.
Some courses are also available through distance learning to enhance accessibility.
Some courses are also available through interactive distance education.
Some courses are also available through the Internet.
Some courses are also available via instructional television, the Internet and correspondence.
Some courses are also available via the Internet with no required on-campus meetings.
Some courses are also eligible for articulated college credit.
Some courses are also subject to a surcharge.
Some courses are at times offered on weekends to facilitate access for students in both locations.
Some courses are available at night or on weekends.
Some courses are available at the East Campus.
Some courses are available by correspondance.
Some courses are available by distance learning.
Some courses are available by external study.
Some courses are available for a range of credit.
Some courses are available for graduates without a foundation in the areas of law or legal studies.
Some courses are available for home rental to registered students for an additional fee.
Some courses are available for home study.
Some courses are available for undergraduate students.
Some courses are available for viewing only.
Some courses are available for younger children.
Some courses are available in agencies.
Some courses are available in English, that is the English or American literature classes.
Some courses are available in on-line mode.
Some courses are available in selected rural locations via compressed video.
Some courses are available in the summer session.
Some courses are available locally, and some are available statewide.
Some courses are available on an independent study basis.
Some courses are available on satellite to minimize commuting.
Some courses are available on the Internet.
Some courses are available on the Web.
Some courses are available online also.
Some courses are available online and most are held weekends and evenings.
Some courses are available online only and some are available in classroom and online.
Some courses are available on-line via the Internet.
Some courses are available online, and more are being added every day.
Some courses are available online.
Some courses are available only as client on-sites.
Some courses are available only during the summer term.
Some courses are available only to students with declared concentrations that require the course.
Some courses are available only to students with declared concentrations which require the course.
Some courses are available over the internet to increase access to our programs.
Some courses are available through on-campus study.
Some courses are available to qualified auditors depending on space.
Some courses are available using a distance education modality.
Some courses are available via television and personal computer.
Some courses are available via the Internet.
Some courses are available.
Some courses are availble in English.
Some courses are certificate or degree components, and have specific prerequisite courses.
Some courses are chronological, topical or national in scope.
Some courses are clearly more attuned to demonstration of skills than labeling of parts.
Some courses are closed caption.
Some courses are closed to non-degree seeking students.
Some courses are closed to non-majors.
Some courses are college transfer.
Some courses are complicated and confusing.
Some courses are computer aided and are interactive.
Some courses are corequisites for other courses.
Some courses are cross-listed with courses taught in a different department.
Some courses are cross-listed with other departments.
Some courses are cross-listed, i.e., available through more than one program.
Some courses are currently available as online courses.
Some courses are currently cross-listed under as many as eight different designators.
Some courses are currently under review.
Some courses are dependent on the number of students registered and semester.
Some courses are devoted to the reading of texts, with emphasis on the linguistic structure.
Some courses are even available in distance-learning form via the Internet.
Some courses are exempt from discounts or waivers.
Some courses are extensively laptop based.
Some courses are free - others require a fee.
Some courses are free, most have a low fee.
Some courses are free, others cost thousands of dollars.
Some courses are free, while others are offered for a small charge.
Some courses are free, while others require a high fee.
Some courses are free.
Some courses are full and have waiting lists.
Some courses are fully online, while others are partially online or utilize a blended format.
Some courses are fun for the pros.
Some courses are general for all system users.
Some courses are half-year equivalents that are completed in one term and earn a half credit.
Some courses are in audio format, others are text-based.
Some courses are in sequence and are offered only once a year.
Some courses are industry certified.
Some courses are just hard.
Some courses are just updated from former courses that have been offered in the past.
Some courses are less academically rigorous and less respectable than others.
Some courses are limited to a certain number of students.
Some courses are limited to a specific group size.
Some courses are limited to students with graduate standing or certain levels of graduate standing.
Some courses are modular courses.
Some courses are mom and pop shops.
Some courses are more demanding than others and some students take more time to study than others.
Some courses are new and others have been retained and updated.
Some courses are now available online.
Some courses are on line only for a semester or a term.
Some courses are one semester while others are two semesters in length.
Some courses are one single session others have different time sessions.
Some courses are on-line in html format.
Some courses are only accessible to students with prior knowledge of the area of law involved.
Some courses are only accessible with a loginname and password.
Some courses are only available for three credits.
Some courses are only available to juniors and seniors.
Some courses are only offered every other year, so good planning is recommended.
Some courses are only one day while others span a number of days.
Some courses are open to applicants from outside the college.
Some courses are open to consultants, end-users, telecom contractors, electricians and engineers.
Some courses are open to enrollment at any time with flexible end dates.
Some courses are open to everyone while others form part of a degree.
Some courses are open to experienced musicians and dancers who wish to attend on a noncredit basis.
Some courses are part of a sequence.
Some courses are periodic courses , thus last only half of the semester.
Some courses are prerequisite to others.
Some courses are prerequisite to the nursing courses.
Some courses are prerequisites for later courses.
Some courses are private in season, but open to the public off season.
Some courses are really good and that is because there are a few people putting input into it.
Some courses are regionally-based and have a tutor backup support system.
Some courses are required, the rest are electives.
Some courses are semester based others are setup for shorter or longer time periods.
Some courses are short, some run for a full semester.
Some courses are specific to teaching at the elementary or secondary levels.
Some courses are specifically for same sex couples.
Some courses are still in development for distance education.
Some courses are straight lecture, while others require laboratory resources.
Some courses are subject to a small materials fee, to be announced at the first class meeting.
Some courses are subject to age and minimum enrollment requirements.
Some courses are subject to approval.
Some courses are subject to surcharge.
Some courses are suitable for more than one audience.
Some courses are suitable for pairs or single enrolments only.
Some courses are team-taught.
Some courses are tentative.
Some courses are the same for both programs.
Some courses are three and some are four years long.
Some courses are to be scheduled concurrently with other courses or as a set of coordinated courses.
Some courses are transferable.
Some courses are two periods to allow the student to concentrate in that subject.
Some courses are usable for recertification and credit.
Some courses are very basic, others are more intense and practice-oriented.
Some courses are very clear and simple.
Some courses are very much like an artist's studio - complete with many charrettes.
Some courses are very popular and have limited places available so early application is advised.
Some courses are web-based and others are televised and follow a broadcast schedule.
Some courses are web-based and taught on the Internet.
Some courses arrange microteaching opportunities at the beginning of the term.
Some courses ask that the student do additional reading outside of class.
Some courses attempt to bring the entire class together in a chat room for real-time discussions.
Some courses attract no funding at all.
Some courses begin and end before or during the main session.
Some courses begin as soon as next week.
Some courses begin outside of the semester format upon special request.
Some courses belong to more than one sequence.
Some courses build on other courses, but most courses are stand alone.
Some courses build repeated opportunities for success.
Some courses build upon skills developed in earlier classes.
Some courses call for a prerequisite course.
Some courses can be double-listed in the first and second degree programs.
Some courses can count also as Humanities GERs.
Some courses can count toward both requirements at the same time.
Some courses can double count for both the ethnic and gender general education requirement.
Some courses can qualify students for university studies.
Some courses carry additional fees which are listed in the individual course descriptions.
Some courses carry additional special fees.
Some courses carry different credits at the undergraduate and graduate levels.
Some courses carry fewer credit hours, some more.
Some courses carry higher charges.
Some courses carry laboratory or other fees for practical activities.
Some courses carry prerequisites.
Some courses carry special fees in addition to the regular registration fees.
Some courses carry transfer credit only to certain universities, and careful planning is important.
Some courses carry two prefixes, which means that the course combines two areas of study.
Some courses carry variable hours of credit.
Some courses change description more often than others.
Some courses charge additional fees which are noted with the course description.
Some courses charge less later in the day.
Some courses combine elements of both program models.
Some courses combine lectures and seminars.
Some courses concentrate on a single genre such as drama.
Some courses consist of separate but interlocking parts that have separate number designations.
Some courses contain multimedia components like sound or video clips.
Some courses contain requirements for a series of short responses.
Some courses continue beyond the normal ending date of the semester or session.
Some courses continue for the full program, and some are short-term.
Some courses continue from term to term, even from year to year.
Some courses cover general uses of the Internet including Internet searching and e-mail.
Some courses cover one concept and then move on to a completely new concept.
Some courses cover one concept, then move on to another.
Some courses cover specifically law-related topics.
Some courses deal with English language structure.
Some courses deliver nothing more than the text on web pages.
Some courses demand intensive interactions over shorter periods of time than a term.
Some courses depend heavily upon real time student interaction and supportive peer group learning.
Some courses designate a specific skill level or the completion of a prior course.
Some courses develop the skills that are useful to students in their first jobs after graduation.
Some courses do count towards more than one requirement.
Some courses do have a dress code.
Some courses do have equipment rental fees.
Some courses do require a minimal fee to cover material costs.
Some courses earn semester credits, others are noncredit.
Some courses emphasize meeting the literacy needs of children with reading or learning disabilities.
Some courses emphasize other cultures and societies.
Some courses emphasize plant and animal science, animal husbandry, and ranch management.
Some courses emphasize the composition of the academic essay or report.
Some courses employ distance education methods, with additional courses coming on line shortly.
Some courses even have study questions or notes online.
Some courses even use laptops to display images for students to identify as part of their exams.
Some courses extend over more than one term.
Some courses extend over one term or semester, some over two.
Some courses fill quickly - so register early to avoid disappointment.
Some courses fill quickly, so please register early to avoid disappointment.
Some courses fill quickly.
Some courses fill up quickly or have limited space available.
Some courses fill up quickly.
Some courses focus on contemporary or special areas of labor studies.
Some courses focus on the nature of sex differences and gender roles.
Some courses forbid spraying when members are playing.
Some courses fulfill more than one general degree requirement simultaneously.
Some courses generally meet for several weeks during the evening hours.
Some courses give credit towards other TAFE and university courses.
Some courses have a course book and a documents book with a bibliography.
Some courses have a European involvement.
Some courses have a few classroom sessions and some are held only on the Internet.
Some courses have a lab component.
Some courses have a major project rather than an examination.
Some courses have a practicum component.
Some courses have a prerequisite course.
Some courses have a pre-test to help introduce the subject.
Some courses have a project which replaces the midterm.
Some courses have a smaller ratio due to the nature of the class.
Some courses have a stated limit on enrolment.
Some courses have a strong project based component.
Some courses have a test at the end to see if the student mastered the material.
Some courses have a unique refund policy.
Some courses have a value of more than one course credit.
Some courses have accompanying web pages to assist students with their class assignments.
Some courses have addition requirements.
Some courses have additional attached lab fees.
Some Courses have additional book and lab fees.
Some courses have additional costs.
Some courses have additional course fees above and beyond regular tuition and fees.
Some courses have additional entry requirements.
Some courses have additional fees assessed.
Some courses have additional fees based on the nature of the course instruction.
Some courses have additional fees for labs or other expenses.
Some courses have additional fees that are listed in the online course listing on following pages.
Some courses have additional fees that are listed in the telecourse listings on following pages.
Some courses have additional fees to cover essential materials for each student.
Some courses have additional fees which are listed by the individual course.
Some courses have additional fees.
Some courses have additional hardware and software requirements.
Some courses have additional hardware or software requirements.
Some courses have additional lab fees or special course fees.
Some courses have additional material or media fees.
Some courses have additional materials, viewing guide or lecture notes.
Some courses have additional or special requirements.
Some courses have additional prerequisites - check course listing.
Some courses have additional prerequisites.
Some courses have additional requirements which are outlined below.
Some courses have additional requirements.
Some courses have additional software requirements.
Some courses have alternatives offered for honors students.
Some courses have an additional course fee.
Some courses have an additional fee for instructional materials.
Some courses have an e-mail lesson submission option.
Some courses have an e-mail option for assignments.
Some courses have an examination.
Some courses have an on-line enquiry form to request further information.
Some courses have as a required component field trips, site visits, and museum sessions.
Some courses have basic and advanced versions.
Some courses have book fees which are listed and some have limitations on enrollment.
Some courses have cash prizes as well as certificates.
Some courses have closing dates for receipt of applications.
Some courses have components presented on audiocassettes.
Some courses have components presented on videocassettes.
Some courses have computer tutor software or learning disks available.
Some courses have computer-based multimedia enhancements to increase learning efficiency.
Some courses have content which is password- protected.
Some courses have course or lab fees to cover supplies used by students.
Some courses have course prerequisites or additional selection criteria.
Some courses have definite restrictions on class size.
Some courses have different start and end dates.
Some courses have enrollment limits, so register early.
Some courses have enrollment restrictions.
Some courses have examinations at other times.
Some courses have extra charges.
Some courses have fees for materials, laboratory or field trip expenses.
Some courses have fees payable to the instructor.
Some courses have few trees and are considered very good.
Some courses have field components, and the department supports independent field work.
Some courses have field experiences.
Some courses have field work as part of the lab or discussion sections.
Some courses have further prerequisites.
Some courses have great lecturers with particular areas of expertise.
Some courses have group meetings online.
Some courses have guest lecturers with particular areas of expertise.
Some courses have had course numbers changed, so please be careful and enroll in the proper course.
Some courses have homepages.
Some courses have introduction meetings during the first week of the semester.
Some courses have irregular voluntary withdrawal and refund schedules.
Some courses have junior and senior greens fees and special offers for selected play times.
Some courses have lab fees or other extra expenses.
Some courses have lab fees or special course fees.
Some courses have lab fees.
Some courses have laboratories and seminars in addition to lectures.
Some courses have lecture content CD available, please click here for ordering information.
Some courses have limited enrollment periods.
Some courses have limited enrollment, where permission of the instructor is essential.
Some courses have limited enrollment.
Some courses have limited enrollments.
Some courses have local caddies available.
Some courses have low tuition because of grants.
Some courses have lower caps.
Some courses have maximum handicap restrictions.
Some courses have minimal fees, but most are free.
Some courses have more specific requirements.
Some courses have more than one discussion forum, each with a different function.
Some courses have more than one section.
Some courses have more than one Tipsheet, written by different CAs and TFs in different years.
Some courses have multiple grade or variable course hours options.
Some courses have multiple pin placements for each hole.
Some courses have multiple tees for each hole.
Some courses have new numbers, others have different titles or credit hours.
Some courses have no call number because registration requires instructor consent.
Some courses have no links at present.
Some courses have no midterms.
Some courses have no techonology component.
Some courses have on campus meetings.
Some courses have on-campus orientations and exams.
Some courses have online pages.
Some Courses have online sites designed to support the specific teaching in that subject.
Some courses have pages, too.
Some courses have part or all of their reserves available electronically.
Some courses have practical work in laboratories, workshops or studios.
Some courses have prerequisite studies and special entry requirements.
Some courses have prerequisites .
Some courses have prerequisites and are only offered in specific semesters or years.
Some courses have prerequisites and enrollment restrictions.
Some courses have prerequisites and some require reservations.
Some courses have prerequisites or co-requisites listed.
Some courses have prerequisites or co-requisites, which are noted in the current Bulletin .
Some courses have prerequisites or corequisites.
Some courses have prerequisites or enrollment requirements.
Some courses have prerequisites or require consent of the instructor.
Some courses have prerequisites or require permission of the instructor.
Some courses have prerequisites or restrictions that apply to all sections of a course.
Some courses have prerequisites that require appropriate sequencing.
Some courses have prerequisites that restrict enrollment.
Some courses have prerequisites which are listed on the individual course descriptions.
Some courses have prerequisites which are the minimum standards required to enrol.
Some courses have prerequisites, but most only require the desire to learn.
Some courses have prerequisites, or require instructor approval.
Some courses have prerequisites, such as membership in a group, or preveious coursework.
Some courses have prerequisites.
Some courses have projects in the summer term which require tutorials.
Some courses have projects rather than examinations.
Some courses have restrictions or require permission of the instructor to enroll.
Some courses have self-study options.
Some courses have shorter sessions.
Some courses have special early registration deadlines and refund dates.
Some courses have special hardware and software needs.
Some courses have special laboratory, field experience, and student teaching fees.
Some courses have special materials fees.
Some courses have special pre-requisites.
Some courses have special refund policies.
Some courses have special registration procedures.
Some courses have specific additional requirements which are listed in the course description.
Some courses have specific course fees listed in the schedule.
Some courses have specific criteria or faculty pre-requisites.
Some courses have specific entry requirements.
Some courses have specific fees.
Some courses have specific minimum time limits that are indicated in the course descriptions.
Some courses have specific prerequisites.
Some courses have specific requirements that are either required, or that they run better with.
Some courses have specific software requirements in addition to textbook requirements.
Some courses have specific software requirements.
Some courses have strict dress codes in the clubhouses.
Some courses have such wide lanes that the sense of speed disappears.
Some courses have surcharges.
Some courses have take-home exams.
Some courses have the additional attraction of hot spring baths and mahjhong rooms.
Some courses have their materials directly available through the links below.
Some courses have their own home page.
Some courses have their own home pages.
Some courses have their own home-pages.
Some courses have their own prerequisites.
Some courses have their own targets, including the rats in New York's subway system.
Some courses have their own web pages.
Some courses have their own websites which can be reached from the course information page.
Some courses have their study texts on a CD-ROM or computer disk.
Some courses have three writing projects.
Some courses have tight class-size limits.
Some courses have variable hours.
Some courses have very large numbers of students.
Some courses incorporate Indigenous content in the curriculum.
Some courses incorporate projects, others are semester-long projects with real clients.
Some courses integrate issues of immediate relevance to students companies.
Some courses integrate issues of immediate relevance to students' companies.
Some courses involve a certain amount of walking and a satisfactory state of health is essential.
Some courses involve a certain amount of walking and a satisfactory state of health is vital.
Some courses involve a visit to the site being studied.
Some courses involve both classroom theory and clinical practicums.
Some courses involve students in cross-cultural exchanges with Mexican communities.
Some courses involve students in peer evaluation.
Some courses last only a few hours or a day or two and are lecture-based.
Some courses lend themselves better than others to delivery on the Internet.
Some courses limit their enrollments.
Some courses list multiple sections and types.
Some courses listed below have specific prerequisites.
Some courses listed have both a credit and noncredit option.
Some courses listed have specific prerequisites.
Some courses listed here fulfill more than one requirement, as indicated.
Some courses listed here provide only supplemental materials to the regular course.
Some courses listed in the Summer Sessions Catalog have restrictions.
Some courses make more extensive use of the possibilities created by computer technology.
Some courses make their lessons available on a regular schedule.
Some courses meet at locations off-campus.
Some courses meet at other times during the week.
Some courses meet at sites other than the main campus.
Some courses meet for more than seven weeks during the spring and summer.
Some courses meet for twelve weeks while others meet for four, six or eight weeks.
Some courses meet for twelve weeks while others meet for six weeks.
Some courses meet one time while others consist of muliple sessions.
Some courses meet only once while others consist of multiple sessions.
Some courses meet over one session while others meet over both sessions.
Some courses meet physically at a remote location.
Some courses meet several times, some meet only once.
Some courses meet the full semester, while others meet for seven hours per weekend for six weeks.
Some courses meet three times a week, while others meet only once.
Some courses now have an on-line component.
Some courses offer a .bin version of the course files.
Some courses offer a credit-free option.
Some courses offer a mastership in three weekends.
Some courses offer a pre-arranged list of sites from which to choose.
Some courses offer a work placement in the third year making a four year sandwich degree.
Some courses offer advanced training or specialty areas such as animation.
Some courses offer clubs for rent.
Some courses offer continuing education units for building professionals.
Some courses offer discounts to town residents.
Some courses offer hot links to newspaper articles.
Some courses offer other material besides the books to study.
Some courses offer specialist educational options.
Some courses offer the one credit option in service learning.
Some courses offer the privilege only once, but several extend it to as many as six times.
Some courses offer the SI option.
Some courses only cover problem solving.
Some courses only have one section.
Some courses originate from television studios.
Some courses play a special role as gatekeepers.
Some courses post video or provide audio for lectures on the web.
Some courses presented by certain military schools are eligible for transfer credit.
Some courses provide a conceptual frame for the assessment of a wide variety of message situations.
Some courses provide an opportunity for pupils to enrich their high school experiences.
Some courses provide chat groups for live discussions between students and instructors.
Some courses provide for on-line registration.
Some courses provide for synchronous learning via chat-rooms and the use of Blackboard.
Some courses provide help through a departmental help centre.
Some courses provide little or no supervised hands-on training with foreign students.
Some courses provide models of judicious online course development and management.
Some courses provide only a video.
Some courses provide only free elective credit.
Some courses provide their own testing right in the course.
Some courses rely heavily on a single source book.
Some courses repeat only every other year.
Some courses require a charge number.
Some courses require a higher level of proficiency.
Some courses require a lab or dicussions.
Some courses require a login and password accessible only by registered students.
Some courses require a material fee, payable to the instructor.
Some courses require a maximum handicap certificate or letter of introduction to be presented.
Some courses require a minimum of two years of related work experience.
Some courses require a nominal fee to cover materials.
Some courses require a placement examination in lieu of a course prerequisite.
Some courses require a prerequisite.
Some courses require a prescribed uniform for hospital and clinical activities.
Some courses require a refundable deposit.
Some courses require a small group discussion hour.
Some courses require a special fee because of the nature of the activity.
Some courses require a special laboratory fee.
Some courses require a supplemental application.
Some courses require a textbook or research articles that can be purchased over the Internet.
Some courses require a textbook or supplies.
Some courses require a textbook that can be purchased online or is included with the tuition.
Some courses require a textbook.
Some courses require a tutorial paper in addition to an essay.
Some courses require access to specific equipment.
Some courses require additional charges to cover laboratory, studio or supply fees.
Some courses require additional charges.
Some courses require additional fees for which students are responsible.
Some courses require additional fees to pay for equipment, transportation, and certification.
Some courses require additional fees.
Some courses require additional free mini-software called plugins.
Some courses require additional hardware, software, or telephone resources.
Some courses require additional independent work through the mail.
Some courses require additional lab fees.
Some courses require additional lab work.
Some courses require additional material, software or equipment.
Some courses require additional materials or lab fees.
Some courses require additional materials.
Some courses require additional plugins.
Some courses require additional resources such as text books, videos, tapes and CD ROMs.
Some courses require additional software and hardware.
Some courses require additional software.
Some courses require additional textbook or material fees.
Some courses require advance registration.
Some courses require an add code for admission.
Some courses require an additional charge.
Some courses require an additional hour per week of language lab or conversation class.
Some courses require an additional lab fee.
Some courses require an additional minimal cost for books, materials or field trips.
Some courses require an extra charge above the basic tuition.
Some courses require an interview before selection whilst others have alternative requirements.
Some courses require applicants to have good math skills.
Some courses require application in advance, as indicated below.
Some courses require at least two hours to complete.
Some courses require attendance on all days.
Some courses require audio tapes or computer work.
Some courses require audiotapes or videotapes.
Some courses require campus-based testing, and some assessment tests are administered on a campus.
Some courses require carts on weekends.
Some courses require clinical practicums.
Some courses require community activities as well as on-line assignments.
Some courses require completion of additional written examinations.
Some courses require completion of assessments for prerequisites.
Some courses require completion of prerequisites.
Some courses require computer aided design and analysis.
Some courses require departmental approval to register.
Some courses require departmental authorization prior to registration.
Some courses require exams that are given on campus.
Some courses require extra fees in addition to tuition.
Some courses require faculty or department permission to enroll.
Some courses require fees.
Some courses require field laboratory components.
Some courses require field trips.
Some courses require frequent use of a textbook during class time.
Some courses require full tuition for audit status.
Some courses require group projects.
Some courses require in-person meetings as noted in the schedule.
Some courses require instructor signature.
Some courses require Internet access outside of class.
Some courses require lab fees in addition to the credit price.
Some courses require lab or special fees, which vary depending on the course.
Some courses require meetings on campus over the semester.
Some courses require minimal fees to cover costs.
Some courses require minimum computer system requirements.
Some courses require more supervised testing, labs, or other activities.
Some courses require much more homework time.
Some courses require NO attendance on campus.
Some courses require papers, readings and journals.
Some courses require payment of additional fees to cover costs and special services.
Some courses require permission of an instructor.
Some courses require permission of the instructor.
Some courses require permission to enroll from the department or an instructor.
Some courses require permission to enroll.
Some courses require placement test prior to registration.
Some courses require pre-approval of the instructor.
Some courses require preliminary authorizations.
Some courses require prerequisites or demonstrable equivalent knowledge of prerequisite subjects.
Some courses require pre-requisites.
Some courses require prerequisites.
Some courses require previous experience, but all are welcome.
Some courses require proctored exams.
Some courses require proctored tests.
Some courses require professional experience before entry.
Some courses require purchase of books or materials.
Some courses require purchase of videos from campus bookstores.
Some courses require reading to be completed before the first class session.
Some courses require rental of a golf cart.
Some courses require software, lab kits, tools, or other equipment.
Some courses require special course or lab fees in addition to tuition.
Some courses require special facilities available only at one campus.
Some courses require special fees in addition to tuition.
Some courses require special fees.
Some courses require special uniforms, protective clothing, equipment, or field trips.
Some courses require specialized software.
Some courses require specific permission of the instructor before enrolling.
Some courses require specific prerequisites and the times offered are subject to change.
Some courses require specific rooms on a particular weekday for the entire term.
Some courses require specific subject qualifications or experience.
Some courses require students to come on campus for testing.
Some courses require students to come to campus to download data files and test.
Some courses require students to read additional set books.
Some courses require students to read only academic journals.
Some courses require students to use the lab on a weekly basis.
Some courses require successful completion of an exam.
Some courses require successful completion of one or more prerequisite courses.
Some courses require testing on the internet.
Some courses require textbook purchase.
Some courses require textbooks.
Some courses require that a particular plate be engaged last.
Some courses require that additional textbooks and lab materials be purchased by the student.
Some courses require that classes meet for mid-term and final exams.
Some courses require that exams be taken on campus while others have take-home exams.
Some courses require that students purchase special materials.
Some courses require that the students come to campus to take tests or give presentations.
Some courses require the approval of the instructor or completion of prerequisites.
Some courses require the approval of the instructor or have course prerequisites.
Some courses require the completion of projects or a dissertation.
Some courses require the purchase of a textbook or other materials.
Some courses require the purchase of additional supplies.
Some courses require the purchase of books.
Some courses require the purchase of expendable supplies by the students.
Some courses require the purchase of special books or equipment.
Some courses require the student to be holding a specific job assignment.
Some courses require the student to take a placement test to prove college-level abilities.
Some courses require the submission of carbon copies of the lab notebook every lab period.
Some courses require the use of a golf cart.
Some courses require time in the computer laboratory.
Some courses require transportation.
Some courses require two sessions.
Some courses require viewing videos available from local video stores.
Some courses require work submitted on diskette.
Some courses require working in groups.
Some courses require written instructor approval.
Some courses require written permission of the instructor or the department.
Some courses require, however, completion of certain prerequites prior to enrollment.
Some courses required have prerequisites.
Some courses requires additional tools .
Some courses restrict such adjustments to the initial schedule change period.
Some courses run discussion sections via newsgroups.
Some courses run during the school year.
Some courses run for one term, others for the full year.
Some courses run the entire academic year.
Some courses satisfy more than one requirement in the program.
Some courses span more than one session or even two sessions.
Some courses start early.
Some courses start with a common core and then offer options.
Some courses stress faithful duplication of natural objects.
Some courses survey specific areas of the world, some focus on particular issues or time periods.
Some courses take longer than others.
Some courses take only two weeks.
Some courses take place in regular classroom situations at thousands of settings around the world.
Some courses take place in school time, others during the summer holidays.
Some courses teach technical and scientific skills necessary for environmental management.
Some courses transfer towards a four-year degree in dietetics.
Some courses transmitted by satellite are web-enhanced and include an online component.
Some courses use a combination of both.
Some courses use a combination of teleconferencing, campus visits and guided study.
Some courses use a mixture of both.
Some courses use audio cassettes.
Some courses use both a mailing list and newsgroup.
Some courses use formats that differ from the lecture or lecture-discussion type.
Some courses use loose bolts or pins, which take more time and can be lost or dropped overboard.
Some courses use supplementary videotapes that require use on-campus.
Some courses use tapes that are available from video rental stores and public libraries.
Some courses use the case method.
Some courses use two or more shipments due to the sequence of material on the tapes.
Some courses use videotapes, audiotapes, or optional computer programs.
Some courses use Web-based, prescheduled audio conferences as part of the learning experience.
Some courses utilize graduate students for laboratory work to assist the faculty member.
Some courses utilize individual Web pages for current course information and readings.
Coursed material is presented via lecture and class discussion.
Coursed stone is either regular or irregularly coursed.
Coursepack publishing is a rapidly growing business.
Coursers have three toes, longer bills, short, broad wings and tails, and long legs.
Coursework addresses both practical and theoretical issues.
Coursework allows several opportunities for biomaterials classes and research.
Coursework assumes competency in computer applications.
Coursework assumes competency in spreadsheet and database applications.
Coursework assumes competency in word processing, spreadsheet and presentation applications.
Coursework begins the summer before the students' first year at Iowa.
Coursework begins with foundations in design and drawing.
Coursework can be a written essay, small project, computer exercise, poster or oral presentation.
Coursework can consist of reports, presentations and contributions to workshops.
Coursework can include practical reports, data interpretation, essays and presentations.
Coursework can include practical reports, field work, extended essays and seminars.
Coursework combines engineering and management fundamentals.
Coursework combines formal lectures with work assignments.
Coursework combines theory and application.
Coursework combines theory with applications emphasizing relevancy and currency.
Coursework combines traditional history classes, seminars, and public history classes.
Coursework consists mainly of programming projects.
Coursework consists of a rigorous combination of theory and practice.
Coursework consists of a structured program of study.
Coursework consists of advanced lecture or reading courses, assignments and seminars.
Coursework consists of approx.
Coursework consists of assigned readings, video screenings, group discussions, and a short paper.
Coursework consists of discipline specific as well as interdisciplinary courses.
Coursework consists of essays or other assignments.
Coursework consists of four subjects.
Coursework consists of readings, exams, and a research project.
Coursework consists of several homework assignments at the start of the course.
Coursework consists of two assignments and one final project.
Coursework consists of written and oral assignments.
Coursework continues during the year.
Coursework covers a broad spectrum of technical, functional, managerial, and interpersonal skills.
Coursework covers customer service skills as well as technical skills.
Coursework covers customer service skills, product knowledge and technology skills.
Coursework covers several different disciplinary content areas.
Coursework covers the various types of equipment used in riding, showing and training.
Coursework culminates in a formal proposal.
Coursework deals with the setup, layout, and operation of a multitrack analog tape studio.
Coursework emphasises the practical application of theory.
Coursework emphasizes cinema production, with possible specialization in animation.
Coursework emphasizes communication as a creative expression.
Coursework emphasizes community building, collaboration, and natural supports.
Coursework emphasizes computer architecture.
Coursework emphasizes designing, providing, and evaluating clinical services.
Coursework emphasizes drills, conversation, and grammar.
Coursework emphasizes educational theory, curriculum development, administration, and evaluation.
Coursework emphasizes estimating, field layout and hands-on laboratory courses.
Coursework emphasizes fieldwork and hands-on experience.
Coursework emphasizes laboratory skills, including safety procedures and lab management.
Coursework emphasizes learning by doing, through fieldwork and projects in communities.
Coursework emphasizes problem solving and laboratory investigations.
Coursework emphasizes problem solving.
Coursework emphasizes problem-solving techniques, concepts, analyses, and applications.
Coursework encompasses a full range of practical and theoretical study in all areas.
Coursework encompasses basic subjects such as reading, math and social studies.
Coursework encompasses theory, analysis, design, efficiencey, implementation, and application.
Coursework entails an overview study of the areas of Japan, China, India, and South Asia.
Coursework entails basic business writing strategies.
Coursework examines fundamental laws of mechanics and emphasizes technical applications.
Coursework explores biological sciences, physics, psychology and computer science.
Coursework explores how culture and intellect influence behavior and communication with others.
Coursework exposes students to organizational behavior theory.
Coursework focuses on administrative practice and increases understanding of educational systems.
Coursework focuses on both individual and group behavior in organizations.
Coursework focuses on industrial hygiene hazards and controls in general industry.
Coursework focuses on subjects such as shop mathematics, blueprint reading, and welding.
Coursework focuses on the areas of sociology, economics and geography.
Coursework focuses on the primary areas of structural analysis, behavior, and design.
Coursework focuses on theoretical, analytic, and practical aspects of human interaction.
Coursework focuses on theory, educational psychology, behavior, and self-management skills.
Coursework focuses primarily on the uses of technology in work or educational settings.
Coursework goes through file manipulation techniques.
Coursework helps promote self-confidence and helps students set higher expectations.
Coursework helps students read more quickly and understand the writer's ideas more easily.
Coursework holds all of the links to the body of the course content.
Coursework includes a balance of clinical and molecular genetics and psychosocial counseling topics.
Coursework includes a computer lab component.
Coursework includes a core group of courses as well as specialization courses for anesthesia.
Coursework includes a major in mathematics and foundations of education.
Coursework includes a student-developed research project, e.g., a pilot study for the dissertation.
Coursework includes analyses, discussions, problems, simulations, lectures, and projects.
Coursework includes astronomy, biology, chemistry, geology, and physics.
Coursework includes attendance at concerts and other musical events, when available.
Coursework includes attendance at dance productions, when available.
Coursework includes attendance at drama productions, when available.
Coursework includes basic fish biology, aquatic ecology and fishery management.
Coursework includes basic hygiene and philosophy.
Coursework includes bi-weekly field trips and special projects.
Coursework includes both individual and collaborative assignments.
Coursework includes both studio training and related readings and projects.
Coursework includes cable telecommunications, basic electronics, and customer service.
Coursework includes cardivascular biomechanics, fluid mechanics, and medical image information.
Coursework includes class discussion, lecture, papers, reading, screenings, and visual analysis.
Coursework includes common readings and writing.
Coursework includes computational mechanics, micro electronics, and psychology.
Coursework includes conceptual material as well as laboratory material.
Coursework includes construction, marketing, business, and general education areas.
Coursework includes content in core counseling domains with application in the school setting.
Coursework includes content, seminars and clinical practice in advanced neonatal nursing.
Coursework includes digital signal processing, stochastic systems and computer vision algorithms.
Coursework includes East Asian politics, economics, Korean language and cultural studies.
Coursework includes eight courses in millwrighting and one in welding.
Coursework includes essays, group projects, and individual seminar presentations.
Coursework includes exposure to editorial and advertising projects.
Coursework includes finance and accounting, marketing, law, and general management.
Coursework includes food management, nutrition, personnel management, and a field experience.
Coursework includes frequent short writing assignments.
Coursework includes hands-on experience.
Coursework includes History and a selection of courses in related social sciences.
Coursework includes how to identify, analyze, and mitigate project risk.
Coursework includes interdisciplinary studies in theology, philosophy, ethics, history and politics.
Coursework includes interpersonal communication, marketing, psychology, and computer science.
Coursework includes introduction to business, financial accounting, and managerial accounting.
Coursework includes laboratory experiments in which only the desired outcome is specified.
Coursework includes lecture, reading, discussions, and on-deadline writing and research.
Coursework includes lectures, exams and research projects.
Coursework includes molecular biology, organic chemistry, physics, genetics.
Coursework includes music, dance, and drama classes.
Coursework includes organizational theory, planning, evaluation, legal issues, and an internship.
Coursework includes participating in genuine research experiences with scientist and engineers.
Coursework includes participation in internships at various stations and facilities.
Coursework includes physics, mathematics, engineering and other applied sciences.
Coursework includes practical experiments both in class and in the field.
Coursework includes problem sets and a final team project.
Coursework includes problem solving and case assignments involving operations management.
Coursework includes projects or research in the application of management principles.
Coursework includes reading from a neuroscience text and from research papers, and writing essays.
Coursework includes several homework assignments and a project.
Coursework includes several substantial programming projects.
Coursework includes shop practice techniques of welding, machining, shop safety, and assembly.
Coursework includes statistics, economics, epidemiology, public policy, and research methods.
Coursework includes student presentations and extensive laboratory work.
Coursework includes studies in solfege, clapping, conducting and vocalizing rhythms.
Coursework includes studies in solfege, conducting and vocalizing rhythms.
Coursework includes studio productions, their critiques and evaluations.
Coursework includes study of the tax laws and preparation of various tax forms.
Coursework includes textbook activities and labs.
Coursework includes the following courses.
Coursework includes the study of people and cultures of Asia, Africa, and Central and South America.
Coursework includes the use of the graphing calculator as a learning tool and resource.
Coursework includes three papers as well as brief reports on the tutoring experience.
Coursework includes topics emphasized on the CPA exam.
Coursework includes typography, symboloby, grid structures, publication design, and web site design.
Coursework includes U.S. history, American government, and American literature.
Coursework includes using the latest in law office software.
Coursework includes varied project work, covering field visits and simulated exercises.
Coursework includes varied project work, field visits and simulated exercises.
Coursework includes viewing of selected films.
Coursework includes work on fundamental word analysis skills and fundamental comprehension skills.
Coursework includes work on fundamental word anaysis skills and fundamental comprehension skills.
Coursework includes working with families from diverse cultural and socio-economic backgrounds.
Coursework incorporates various aspects of distributed computing and multimedia.
Coursework integrates experiential work with theory and research.
Coursework integrates general studies major content, professional and pedagogical knowledge.
Coursework integrates general, content, professional and pedagogical knowledge.
Coursework involves a mix of film theory with practical training.
Coursework involves active participation in on-going classroom discussions.
Coursework involves discussion, research, debate writing, and criticism.
Coursework involves extensive use of the computer as an analytical tool.
Coursework involves small group learning, case studies and self-directed learning.
Coursework involves two take-home essay exams and participation in class discussion.
Coursework involves writing, speaking, and listening.
Coursework involves written reports, essays, and group presentations throughout the course.
Coursework is accessed through videotape lectures and print materials.
Coursework is aimed primarily at the personal computer user.
Coursework is also available in mental health, disability services, and holistic health.
Coursework is assessed on a continuous basis for each module.
Coursework is available at all levels of study.
Coursework is available in all major areas of linguistics.
Coursework is available in six areas of specialization.
Coursework is available via the Internet or through correspondence.
Coursework is avalable in both languages.
Coursework is based on national standards for the training of coaches.
Coursework is broken down into activity windows usually consisting of seven to fourteen days.
Coursework is built on a knowledge base that reflects current research and theory.
Coursework is calculated according to following point distribution.
Coursework is combined with clinical application and school-based experience.
Coursework is complemented by tours around London.
Coursework is complemented with internships throughout the Central Texas area.
Coursework is complemented with the field instruction placement.
Coursework is completed by individual study tutorials and by formal classroom work.
Coursework is completed by selecting from relevant courses offered by a broad range of departments.
Coursework is completed entirely through independent study under the guidance of assigned faculty.
Coursework is completed in an open lab with lab technicians available to assist students.
Coursework is completed in two years.
Coursework is concurrent with, and directly related to, school-based activities.
Coursework is conducted in dyads.
Coursework is conducted in five networked computer labs.
Coursework is conducted in the target language.
Coursework is designed to evaluate problems and devise solutions.
Coursework is designed to facilitate the transition from student to professional practitioner.
Coursework is designed to facilitate the transition fromstudent toprofessional practitioner.
Coursework is designed to prepare students for college or employment.
Coursework is designed to provide a liberal as well as a practical education.
Coursework is designed under the guidance of a faculty adviser and administrative professionals.
Coursework is developed for each student's interest, background, and postion requirements.
Coursework is developed to make management theory applicable to nonprofit organizations.
Coursework is directed toward solving real-life engineering problems.
Coursework is directed towards preparing the student to write a thesis on an original topic.
Coursework is directed towards solving real life engineering problems.
Coursework is done in the classroom, at a distance by computer, or by mail.
Coursework is done in the department and throughout campus.
Coursework is enriched with excellent internship placements.
Coursework is entered on the student's degree plan according to the petitions.
Coursework is essentially liberal arts based rather than technically oriented.
Coursework is flexible and tailored toward the needs and goals of individual students.
Coursework is focused on development and pursuit of the practicum project.
Coursework is followed by a project which applies learning to each participant's work setting.
Coursework is framed within a pluralism paradigm.
Coursework is graded, and the content and faculty are approved by normal curricular processes.
Coursework is heavy in the sciences and mathematics.
Coursework is in basic metallurgy, ultrasonic and magnetic particle testing methods.
Coursework is in Chapel Hill.
Coursework is in English or Spanish.
Coursework is in English.
Coursework is in integrated blocks, and field experiences are in varied settings.
Coursework is individualized to meet the specific curriculum needs of each student.
Coursework is individualized, with selections to be made from the following areas.
Coursework is listed by field of study.
Coursework is listed in recommended enrollment sequence except for electives.
Coursework is marked by the staff member who set the assignment.
Coursework is more self-paced by participant.
Coursework is offered at six levels, with placement dependent upon a placement exam.
Coursework is offered by distance education only.
Coursework is offered in a variety of experimental and applied fields.
Coursework is offered in a variety of schedules ranging from three to ten-week semesters.
Coursework is offered in small group instruction, computer aided instruction and individual study.
Coursework is offered on both the Bloomington and Indianapolis campuses.
Coursework is offered year-round.
Coursework is organized around real world problems.
Coursework is organized into two general levels.
Coursework is paced by instructor and requires weekly participation.
Coursework is part of courses.
Coursework is planned with the help of the student's advising committee.
Coursework is prescribed.
Coursework is presented on a three-year cycle that requires consecutive attendance.
Coursework is provided at a substantial discount from retail prices.
Coursework is provided at the undergraduate and graduate levels, in both day and evening programs.
Coursework is provided by faculty at both institutions.
Coursework is required in analysis, algebra, statistics, and geometry-topology.
Coursework is required in worship, church music education, conducting and repertoire.
Coursework is rigorous and assumes a strong mathematics background.
Coursework is rigorous.
Coursework is scheduled primarily in the evenings.
Coursework is selected from specialty tracks in education, administration or a clinical specialties.
Coursework is structured in a variety of formats including compressed, evening and weekend times.
Coursework is supplemented by field trips and social and cultural events.
Coursework is supplemented by field work with local organizations and firms.
Coursework is supplemented by readings on related theories and research.
Coursework is supported by other avenues of learning.
Coursework is tailored to the needs of the individual student on consultation with faculty advisors.
Coursework is taken in Spanish.
Coursework is taught by successful researchers and practitioners in the field.
Coursework is to include a research paper and a series of relevant assignments.
Coursework is used by the company and refined for the business market.
Coursework is work
Coursework is work.
Coursework lays the foundations of leadership development.
Coursework lists the required courses, credit hours for graduation, and various options.
Coursework moves students sequentially from academic understanding to clinical application.
Coursework places heavy emphasis on current environmental problems and concerns.
Coursework prepares students to meet current professional standards.
Coursework prepares students to work in high technology industries or to pursue graduate study.
Coursework provides an excellent opportunity to develop and explore intellectually.
Coursework provides technical and practical information in horse production, nutrition and genetics.
Coursework receives academic or physical education credit.
Coursework relies heavily on slides, maps, plans and other visual data.
Coursework requires reporting assignment of the school newspaper.
Coursework stresses the acquisition of management and supervisory skills.
Coursework stresses the fundamental concepts of biology.
Coursework takes priority at all times.
Coursework takes the form of weekly seminars.
Coursework uses traditional and digital technologies.
Coursework utilizes e-mail and Internet applications to deliver materials.
All coursework carries graduate level credit.
All coursework emphasizes problem solving and creative thinking by using many different resources.
All coursework is accessed through 'Content'.
All coursework is accessed through the Calendar.
All coursework is at the graduate level.
All coursework is charged at the graduate fee rate.
All coursework is college preparatory, and many classes present advanced study opportunities.
All coursework is completed as an independent study.
All coursework is completed via correspondence study with NO residential requirements.
All coursework is completed via the Internet in a virtual classroom.
All coursework is conducted through the internet and students can enroll from anywhere in the world.
All coursework is created by national and international experts in the field of addiction studies.
All coursework is credit bearing and based on completion of semester credits.
All coursework is deleted once the course is completed.
All coursework is delivered online via personal computer and modem.
All coursework is delivered using distance learning technologies.
All coursework is designed to increase students' abilities in critical thinking.
All coursework is distributed via the web and returned the same way for grading.
All coursework is done online.
All coursework is due on time, at the beginning of the class period.
All coursework is in English with the exception of Dutch language courses.
All coursework is in English, except in the Fall when Swedish language study is required.
All coursework is in Russian.
All coursework is in Spanish.
All coursework is included in cumulative hours attempted, including transfer hours.
All coursework is offered in Denver.
All coursework is offered in semester credits.
All coursework is online.
All coursework is provided, accessed and completed online.
All coursework is required to be completed before student teaching.
All coursework is supported by weekly practical classes.
All coursework is taught in English, and no prior study or knowledge of Greek language is required.
All coursework is taught in Spanish.
All coursework is to be completed by the last week of the semester.
All coursework is to be done on an individual basis.
All coursework is to be handed in to the appropriate lecturer, during the lecture they specify.
All coursework is to be written in French.
All coursework is updated to include the latest pronouncements of the various rule making bodies.
All coursework recorded is included a part of the record.
All coursework takes place on Maui, Hawaii.
All coursework transfers back to Slippery Rock as either major courses or general electives.
All coursework units each time they run, provided there are more than ten enrolled students.
Most coursework is in English, with a few courses taught in French.
Most coursework is taught in integrated learning communities.
Much coursework is assigned to students individually rather than in groups.
Some coursework counts towards the master of science in education degree.
Some coursework includes short video clips that are delivered via the Internet.
Some coursework is available statewide.
Some coursework requires interpreting and validating statistical analyses in research papers.
Coursings are hunts.
Court action can only briefly intervene in what is likely to be a long-term treatment problem.
Court action helps tune consumers in to possibilities of music downloads.
Court action is a last resort utilized only when all other solutions fail.
Court action is also an option.
Court action is an enforcement tool used when other methods fail.
Court action is anticipated.
Court action is never the most desirable means to settle disputes.
Court action is pending in the case.
Court action is pending.
Court action is possible.
Court action is underway.
Court actions are costly.
Court actions are inevitable.
Court actions can become time consuming and complex.
All court actions are strictly confidential.
Any court action is still a long way off.
Most court actions have short time limits on filing responsive pleadings.
Most court actions require a specific form to be filed with the court.
Court appointments are for life terms.
Court bailiffs are armed.
Court bailiffs can value and sell publicly furniture,chattels and crops.
Court bouillon is made with vegetables saut ed in water.
Court bouillon is used for poaching fish and as a base for fish sauces.
Court calendars are subject to change.
A court card is a playing card
Court cards have only the strange numbering system.
Court cases are cases.
Court cases are court cases.
Court cases are interesting for both the testimony recorded as well as lists of assets.
Court cases are often the results of broken communication.
Court cases are usually public records.
Court cases can drag on for many years creating bitterness, resentment and stress.
Court cases can require the involvement of senior members of a firm for months on end.
Court cases cost a lot of money.
Court cases dealing with suitability define the term broadly.
Court cases drag on for years, costing impoverished people precious money and time.
Court cases force the courts to interpret the meaning of laws and regulations.
Court cases go on for years.
Court cases grow.
Court cases permit the officer to decide which procedure is safest for the officer.
Court cases proceed using very strict rules of procedure and rules of evidence.
Court cases raise more fences to isolate by law.
Court cases take many months or years.
Court cases take several years to resolve.
Every court case has a name, or caption.
Many court cases heard here are the ones that get noticed overseas.
Most court cases are public records.
Most court cases go unreported, even if they are mentioned in the media.
Most court cases take a long time and involve lots of evidence.
Court clerk calls the accused to the witness stand and administers the oath.
Court clerk calls the defendant to the witness stand and administers the oath.
Court clerks answer questions at a reference desk in the middle of the room.
Court clerks are available both in person and by telephone during regular working hours.
Court clerks have more time to drink coffee.
Court clerks keep records and papers that are used in court.
Court clerks prepare court dockets and exhibits and perform other support functions in courtrooms.
Court clerks scan the bar code to take attendance.
Court clerks work for the government, so they receive government benefits.
Most court clerks are very helpful.
Court costs are due at.
Court costs are in addition to the fine.
Court costs are substantial, but essentially it is the costs of lawyers that render it prohibitive.
Court costs are to be paid prior to the time services are rendered.
Court costs help fund the court system.
Court costs paid to the Clerk are in an amount set by law.
Court costs vary by case type, disposition type, and other factors.
Court costs vary from case to case.
Court dances are slow, stately and elegant with restrained, balanced movement.
Court Date Check the front of the citation for the court date and time.
Court decisions add new meaning to existing laws.
Court decisions are also part of the exhibit.
Court decisions are norms.
Court decisions are slow and the proceedings are cumbersome.
Court decisions can affect rating decision in thousands of veterans' claims.
Court decisions can be both unpredictable and expensive.
Court decisions interpret statutes or make reasoned judgments in the absence of statute.
Court decisions involving computer records apply analogies with paper documents.
Court decisions involving patient abandonment generally deal with abandonment by physicians.
Court decisions underscore the point.
Court dockets are jammed for lack of circuit judges.
Court dockets go missing.
Court fees are extra.
Court fees are in addition to each scale.
Court fees are usually free to guests and very minimal for visiting players.
Court fees vary with the time of day and season of the year.
Court hearings are secret and summary.
Court hearings are summary and secret.
Court house is on the northeast corner of the intersection.
Court houses are also poorly equipped, sometimes even lacking court rooms.
Court houses keep records of our ownership of property.
Court injunctions are possible, with the court ordering the company to pay for the care.
Court jesters can speak their minds.
Court martial is in session.
Court music is slow and solemn, while folk music tends to be emotional and lively.
Court music is slow, solemn, and complex.
Courts of appeal have appellate jurisdiction over five circuits of the state.
Court of appeals consists of three districts.
Court of appeals denies satellite industry's motion for a stay of the new satellite royalty rates.
A court of law is a court
Courts of law are notoriously old-fashioned about attire and behavior.
Courts of law are the traditional venue for the advocacy of rights.
Courts of law bear a striking resemblance to churches of religion.
Courts of law can decide even matters of great contention on basis of one truthful witness.
Courts of law recognize the certificates issued by weighmasters as being a legal document.
Court officers act as liaisons between the court and the department.
Court Officers assist the judges when required.
Court officers Explain how court officers are placed in positions.
Court officials are glad, of course, when people obey a summons to appear for jury duty.
Court officials emphasize that no tax dollars are spent on the disciplinary counsel.
Court officials expect a ruling within a day or two.
Court officials face the same dilemma.
Court officials insist improvements are on the way.
Court officials place children under the care of a variety of agencies both public and private.
Court officials say they are looking at ways to establish such courts.
Court officials say they expect the trial to run for between five and six weeks.
Court officials say they want to beef up security.
Many court officials think plea bargains are necessary compromises.
Court opinions come from the judicial branch.
Court opinions Compare criminal procedure codes on a split screen.
Court opinions trail society's changes and conundrums resulting from technology of recent vintage.
Court order is an instrument
Court orders are to be discussed with the immediate supervisor.
Court orders are to be in writing, containing the relief granted or the order made.
Court orders based on provisions in the law that have subsequently been amended are no longer valid.
Court orders direct the sheriff to deliver the delinquent to a state institution.
Court orders supersede beneficiary designation forms.
Court orders work well in many cases.
All court orders are in writing.
Court ordereds is ordereds.
Court Proceedings are abstracts from court records and information supplied by contributors.
Court proceedings are both expensive and time consuming.
Court proceedings are costly and time consuming.
Court proceedings are foreign to most people and can be intimidating.
Court proceedings are generally open to the public.
Court proceedings are inherently inflexible.
Court proceedings are open to the public.
Court proceedings are over now.
Court proceedings are public and anyone can attend.
Court proceedings are public information.
Court proceedings are public.
Court proceedings are the structuring of conflict into ritual.
Court proceedings are usually public in order to ensure fairness.
Court proceedings including lawyers' costs can be extremely expensive.
All court proceedings are open to the public.
Court Reporter Maintains a verbatim record of court events.
Court Reporter Sits in front of courtroom near the judge.
Court Reporters are books containing cases, court reports or judicial decisions.
Court reporters are expensive and often produce trial transcripts that are never needed again.
Court reporters are generally specific to a given jurisdiction or several jurisdictions.
Court Reporters are highly trained and skilled professionals.
Court reporters are mostly women.
Court reporters are officers of the court.
Court reporters are professionals with independent codes of ethics.
Court Reporters are responsible for the preparation and protection of the official verbatim record.
Court reporters are surprisingly accurate, but everybody makes mistakes from time to time.
Court reporters are taxpayers also.
Court reporters can do that now.
Court reporters can think during recesses and bench conferences.
Court reporters give attention.
Court reporters give full attention.
Court reporters have a tendency to keep busy all the time and always look for things to do.
Court reporters have a tough job.
Court reporters have to make verbatim reporting.
Court reporters have to re-evaluate where they are and where they want to go.
Court reporters hire scopists to prepare the final work product of written text.
Court reporters make far more money in other states with less difficult examination requirements.
Court reporters provide an accurate description of court proceedings.
Court reporters provide descriptions.
Court reporters record all statements made in a legal proceeding.
Court reporters record all statements made in an official proceeding on their stenotype machines.
Court reporters record all statements made in an official proceeding.
Court reporters record legal testimony and then prepare transcripts for the client.
Court reporters record on their stenotype machines all statements made in an official proceeding.
Court reporters serve an important court function.
Court reporters to obtain credit.
Court reporters use digital recorders.
Court reporters use machines.
Court reporters use recorders.
Court reporters use stenotype machines to record dialogue as it is spoken.
Court reporters work for government, courts, freelance reporting agencies, and large businesses.
Court reporters work in attorneys offices and courtrooms.
All court reporters are full-time employees with benefits.
Many court reporters deal with such conflicts by simply leaving out the uncommon word.
Many court reporters work as independent contractors and others own their own agencies.
Many court reporters work for state or local government in courts or legislatures.
Most court reporters give attention.
Most court reporters give full attention.
Most court reporters make a good living.
Most court reporters provide descriptions.
Most court reporters use digital recorders.
Most court reporters use machines.
Most court reporters use recorders.
Some court reporters assist in preparation.
Some court reporters assist in trial preparation.
Some court reporters assume additional duties as secretary to one or more judges.
Some court reporters drive up to four hours a day to fill in for an ill or vacationing colleague.
Some court reporters help judges.
Some court reporters offer their services on a volunteer basis, while others work for a fee.
Some court reporters use different methods.
Some court reporters use methods.
Some court reporters work in courts.
Court reporting is a business, a profession, a trade, an art.
Court Reporting is a growing and evolving career field.
Court Reporting is a profession and service business that few outside the field know much about.
Court Reporting is a wonderful career for men and women.
Court rule applies per commission policy to director only.
Court rule applies to both.
Court rule applies to contract attorneys.
Court rules allow very little advance notice of a preliminary hearing.
Court Rules are available to all subscribers.
Court Rules are procedural.
Court rules are rules issued by courts.
Court rules give police up to two days to hold suspects before a bail hearing.
Court rules govern procedure in lawsuits.
Court rules govern the conduct of business before courts.
Court rules require jurors to be sequestered in a hotel during breaks in the trial.
Court rules serve several purposes.
Court rules vary depending upon the level and jurisdiction of the court.
Court rules vary from state to state.
Some court rules are formal while others are relaxed.
Court ruling clears way for marketing of generic fluoxetine.
Court rulings can also lead to changes in practice and disclosure over time.
Court rulings can bring clarity to a situation, but they don t necessarily bring relief.
Court rulings protect the materials.
Court rulings reach children behind the time, after the deadline for filling a cassation.
Court rulings vary depending on the circumstances.
Court services are available to the general public.
Court settlements have the force of law when signed by the judge.
Court shoes are highly recommended.
Court shoes are mandatory.
Court shoes are necessary for tennis or racquet ball.
Court sports is a wonderful way to increase student awareness of disability related issues.
Court stripping is an unacceptable and lethal method.
Court system is indispensable to settle civil dispute among the people.
Court systems are too complex for all but the most sophisticated non-lawyer.
Court systems Describe the structure of federal and state court systems.
Court systems differ from state to state and from one time period to another.
Court systems establish blame - someone wins and someone loses.
Court systems vary from state to state.
Every court system has rules, called court rules, that govern procedures for lawsuits.
Court theater has the added edge of rush tickets for eight dollars before each show.
Court TV covers the law.
Court TV exists.
Court TV Get the latest of what's up in the many courts of the land.
Court TV goes digital.
Court TV has a more conventional offering of updates, legal analysis and documents.
Court TV has current trial transcripts, and other interesting stuff.
Court TV investigates the tragic cases of kids injured and killed imitating their idols.
Court TV is a national television network.
Court TV is also likely to air interviews with experts on the topic of needle exchange.
Court TV is one of the mid-size cable channels.
Court TV is prepared to simulcast such a debate if that is acceptable.
Court TV is pretty darn exciting too.
Court TV is the fastest growing basic cableservice in the country.
Court TV is where it's at.
Court TV See daily live broadcasts of trials and programs that focus on justice and the law.
A court is an assembly
Court affirms reduction of punitive damages award.
Court again attempts to clarify limitations period for civil rights actions.
Court again is in recess subject to call.
Court allows broader meaning of insider trading.
Court allows business deductions for lawn care expenses.
Court allows visual body cavity searches before and after visits with attorneys and clergymen.
Court also finds conduct involved dishonesty.
Court also has jurisdiction.
Court also hears adoption, guardianship and divorce cases, and civil cases.
Court also rules that state laws limiting working hours are unconstitutional.
Court also says assisted suicide law invalid on technical grounds.
Court apparently does.
Court applauds fervently.
Court approves all expenses, oversees financial affairs.
Court asks for quarterly status reports.
Court asks Serbia to reassess media law.
Court bars drug-testing of pregnant women.
Court becomes involved in settlement negotiations on request of parties.
Court begins hearing request to certify class-action suit.
Court begins to change Conservative tone with timely retirements.
Court binds out Thos.
Court calendars with automatic web calendar generation.
Court calls for first lady's phone records.
Court can also order enrollment for insurance coverage which can also be enforced.
Court can decide more than the minimum.
Court can do an In Camera review of evidence and determine if it is material.
Court can enter deficiency judgment.
Court can take months or possible years to resolve an issue where arbitration can be much sooner.
Court challenges to the new standards are pending.
Court challenges to university oppression frequently succeed.
Court chooses children's religion.
Court Clerks in almost all counties have the required forms available.
Court considers more free speech-related issues.
Court considers the following factors.
Court considers the four factors in determining fair use.
Court consists of teenage prosecuting attorneys, defense attorneys, bailiffs, clerks, and jurors.
Court Costs the charges associated with a court case, other than attorney s fees.
Court costs to appellee.
Court deals with issues of least restrictive environment, inclusion, and burden of proof.
Court declares intentional tort statute unconstitutional.
Court declares right to genetic privacy.
Court declines to recognize de facto tenure.
Court defines it as a criminal conspiracy.
Court denies motion to dismiss medical societies.
Court denies motion.
Court denies sheriff access to air conditioning controls.
Court denies university's motion for summary judgment.
Court determines if the trial court erred.
Court determines the complaint was filed in bad faith.
Court discusses that figuring out the intention of the parties-leads to legal construction.
Court dismantles Christian prison program.
Court dismisses all claims save contributory infringement, and then only after notice.
Court dismisses county's suit challenging payment of attorney's fees to court-appointed defenders.
Court dismisses professional courtesy claims.
Court do Say that the Sd.
Court drags on with witness after witness.
Court edicts increasingly affect teachers' jobs.
Court enters Order moving inequitable conduct trial to a date yet to be determined.
Court expands requirement for well grounded claims.
Court expressly agrees.
Court features grass playing area with equipment available.
Court finds degree requirement a business necessity.
Court finds in favor of students who spoke up against sin.
Court finds no error in the manner of jury selection.
Court finds no merit to the argument.
Court finds no misconduct.
Court finds no peculiar risk in ordinary construction site hazard.
Court finds possibility of conflicting rulings on common issues of law and fact.
Court finds that evidence was properly admitted when state fully proved prior acts of violence.
Court finds that the state gave notice almost a full week before the penalty hearing.
Court freezes assets of One.
Court generally meets on Thursdays.
Court gives nod to Oxford ordinance regulating massage parlors.
Court grants Promega motion for change of venue to California.
Court hands down the sentence.
Court has deadline for timing of responses and responsive briefs and length.
Court has documents.
Court has personal jurisdiction over the parent who has removed the child.
Court has timing deadline for responses and responsive briefs, and length considerations.
Court hears oral arguments on scientists' motion for immediate response to study request.
Court Hears the motion for continuance of docket call.
Court Hears the motion for continuance.
Court hears two cases on people's right to be free from unreasonable searches.
Court holding facilities and jails deal with the issue of attorney visits as a routine.
Court holds hearing regarding banks claim.
Court holds power.
Court holds that labour court exceeded jurisdiction in ordering such remedy.
Court holds that such document preparation constitutes the practice of law.
Court holds the latter standard is required, reverses, and remands for further findings.
Court indicates it has read and considered all papers filed on the issue and hears argument.
Court is a court of record.
Court is a drastic measure.
Court is a great girl and friend.
Court is a whole experience in and of itself.
Court is about winning and losing rather than discovery.
Court is adjourned until next week.
Court is adjourned.
Court is an adversarial environment different from our usual venues.
Court is an important bargaining chip.
Court is attended on an as needed basis.
Court is bound by lines.
Court is deadly.
Court is forced to reorganize a fair payment to creditor.
Court is held by schedule.
Court is held in an informal yet professional manner.
Court is held on the second floor.
Court is held, people show up and talk, and records are kept.
Court is in recess subject to call.
Court is in recess.
Court is in session on specified dates, call the phone number below for the court schedule.
Court is in session.
Court is in Session.
Court is now in recess.
Court is now in session.
Court is on east side of the street.
Court is on left.
Court is on right.
Court is on the left.
Court is on the right.
Court is on the second floor.
Court is on the second level in the same building as the police.
Court is only the venue of last resort, and the threat of it is really a trump card.
Court is open to the public.
Court is opposite the Forest Hills station on the Orange Line.
Court is our way to share our lives and Dreams with everyone.
Court is permitted to grant alimony pending appeal of a lower court judgment.
Court is scary.
Court is seen as a place where one person is judged to be fit, and the other unfit.
Court is session.
Court is still in session.
Court is the last resort for thousands of fractured families each year.
Court is the last resort of people to resolve conflicts and to seek for justice.
Court is voluntary.
Court isa social group.
Court issues a Writ of Execution .
Court keeps incentive alive.
Court lacks authority to award attorney's fees for personnel proceedings.
Court lacks authority to order county to pay for needed deputies from unappropriated funds.
Court maintains on lots truth otherwise use nike air jordan shoe.
Court maintains separate lists for paid and free subscribers.
Court makes a similar finding as in the previous case.
Court makes an analogy to extracting clips from a movie.
Court makes behind none engine yet regard knife sharpening equipment.
Court manufactures small and medium-sized consumer goods.
Court means the circuit court.
Court meets in closed session to consider the case.
Court needs broadest possible powers in custody litigation.
Court needs to determine whether restrictions make sense.
Court needs to view problems differently.
Court offers an infinite variety of heli-tours to suit every individual taste.
Court only inquires into fitness of proposed guardian and the adequacy of the placement plan.
Court orders companies to release internal memos .
Court orders mental tests for suspect in stabbing case.
Court overturns fake child porn act.
Court overturns use of racial quotas in public school assignments.
Court pays for up to four sessions of mediation.
Court permits nonlawyer work on pension plans .
Court permits operation, even without perfect filter, but site focuses on subscription service.
Court permits oral bond motions.
Court processes New Zealand has a multi-tiered court system.
Court provides excellent traction, true ball bounce and optimum spin reception.
Court provides forms.
Court receives email in the folder for the specified case.
Court records for the most part are open to the public.
Court reduces award for misdemeanant's strip search to what others generally receive.
Court refuses to enjoin assignment to transit police to allegedly hazardous facilities.
Court refuses to grant class certification.
Court refuses to issue stay.
Court rejects bail application.
Court rejects eighth amendment challenge to punitive damage awards.
Court reports for advocacy.
Court requires proposed findings and can be amended at close of trial to conform to evidence.
Court requires proposed findings.
Court restates right of E Timorese to self-determination.
Court routinely becomes involved in settlement negotiations in jury cases or if parties request.
Court rules no connection between RPG and suicide.
Court rules on how to determine value of future lottery payments for taxpayer's estate.
Court rules out widening of hwys.
Court rules that there was no evidence that smoking was to blame.
Court rules that there was no proof of vicious propensities of the dog.
Court says again that district violates separation of church, state.
Court scheduled and statutory time requirements vary from one jurisdiction to another.
Court See above.
Court seizes stock in Russian TV station.
Court sets date for evidentiary hearing by motion of party.
Court sits on second floor.
Court sitting time is therefore only a fraction of their working time.
Court smile Despair between an ninety behind that spy.
Court stops immediate reburial of early man find.
Court strikes down Allstate claims settlement methods.
Court takes the matters under submission.
Court tells firm to cover women's contraceptives.
Court tells to collude e.
Court temporarily stays the pending eviction.
Court therefore sets orphan at liberty.
Court Think of it exactly like a private country club.
Court unanimously rules against doctor-assisted suicides.
Court upholds a ruling against opposition politician.
Court upholds demotion of lieutenant who failed performance exam two years straight.
Court upholds high image valuation.
Court upholds prisoner release fund.
Court upholds prison's firing of guard for five-day unauthorized absence.
Court upholds rights of students who spoke against sin.
Court upholds ruling on Net jurisdiction .
Court upholds temporary lockdown of inmates while guards attended funeral.
Court upholds the simulacrum of the simulacrum.
Court upholds trial court.
Court uses benchbook .
Court uses clay bricks as an exploration of space.
Court uses criminal sentence investigation.
Court weighs 'thermal' search.
Courts accord the statute's language a plain and commonly understood meaning.
Courts address issues.
Courts adequately monitor the progress of cases.
Courts afford the rights of biological parents considerable weight in custody disputes.
Courts agree with the unanimous opinion of the bar associations.
Courts allow trespass actions for any physical intrusion, no matter how slight.
Courts already do have some authority to order name-changes.
Courts already have powers of punishment for non-compliance of probation orders.
Courts already write laws and amend the Constitution.
Courts also are reluctant to defer to the administrative appeal process because it can take years.
Courts also can rely on certain legal principles unrelated to contract law to resolve disputes.
Courts also consider child support payments as top priority.
Courts also consider geographic locations.
Courts also consider specific discriminatory actions taken by state officials in the past.
Courts also consider the nature of work for which the employee is hired.
Courts also express dissatisfaction with the government's methods.
Courts also favor nonfiction for fair use over fiction.
Courts also have limited power to implement the decisions that they make.
Courts also hold fundraisers throughout the year to raise money for research.
Courts also lack the tools needed to effectuate unpopular constitutional rulings.
Courts also look at the state of a person's mental health.
Courts also look for continuation of the predecessor's names and products.
Courts also look to see whether the publicinterest outweighs the private detriment.
Courts also look to the market share and size of the licensees.
Courts also play a significant role in communications policy.
Courts also require the real estate agent to be fair and honest in all aspects of the transaction.
Courts also save broad delegations when specific procedures narrow agency discretion.
Courts also take a close look at the use of the club by nonmembers.
Courts also use many less extreme solutions.
Courts analyze all the factors to determine whether a particular use of a work satisfies the test.
Courts appear to acknowledge that, in any complex system, reports can go astray.
Courts appear to be applying general discovery rules to sentencing hearings.
Courts appear to have a sliding scale of privacy while at work.
Courts appear to have two options relative to children involved in parentage cases.
Courts apply the defense to avoid lending their aid to the enforcement of an illegal agreement.
Courts apply the law to settle disputes between parties they have proper jurisdiction over.
Courts apply the same rules in interpreting administrative regulations as in construing statutes.
Courts appoint administrators.
Courts appoint people.
Courts appoint personal representatives.
Courts appoint representatives.
Courts approach standing in two ways.
Courts are a miserable place to handle routine paperwork.
Courts are a source of power.
Courts are a very important part of all citizens' lives.
Courts are able to sequester union funds if they step outside the law.
Courts are adjudicators.
Courts are air conditioned during the summer season.
Courts are also available to residents at several condominium complexes in town.
Courts are also divided on the issue of drug testing student athletes.
Courts are also public authorities.
Courts are always in good shape.
Courts are areas.
Courts are assemblies.
Courts are available a few minutes walk from the school.
Courts are available by reservation.
Courts are available by the hour and on the hour .
Courts are available during all hours of operation.
Courts are available for basketball, volleyball, badminton, and indoor soccer.
Courts are available for basketball, volleyball, racquetball, and squash.
Courts are available for contests competitions or recreational play.
Courts are available for open basketball, pick-up games and league play.
Courts are available for racquetball, volleyball, badminton, soccer, and basketball.
Courts are available on a first come first serve basis.
Courts are available on a first-come basis.
Courts are available on a first-come, first serve basis.
Courts are available on a first-come, first served basis.
Courts are available through advance reservations, drop-in use and a challenge court system.
Courts are available throughout the day and use of the courts is free to sportscard holders.
Courts are behind parking area.
Courts are bold and independent and enjoy full confidence and respect of the people.
Courts are busy with hearings in the mornings and inquiries are best made in the afternoon.
Courts are cautious in exercise of jurisdiction over foreign defendants.
Courts are closed during Physical Education Classes.
Courts are completely soaked.
Courts are concerned about privacy issues related to court data on the internet.
Courts are concerned about the implications of granting internet access to their employees.
Courts are concrete, asphalt or laykold and are available free of charge.
Courts are crowded and judges are overworked.
Courts are crowded and time delays can add up quickly.
Courts are deference.
Courts are divided.
Courts are effective only through the informed respect of citizens.
Courts are excellent at resolving money disputes of a one time nature.
Courts are focused on increasing public access to the judiciary.
Courts are for members only.
Courts are for the people.
Courts are free evenings and Sundays for campers to apply newly obtained skills.
Courts are free to allow reasonable attorney's fees to prevailing plaintiffs who bring such suits.
Courts are free to issue their own contracts and negotiate with court employees.
Courts are government agencies.
Courts are government.
Courts are highly reluctant to make definite that which the parties themselves failed to do.
Courts are in a complete mess.
Courts are in second block on the left.
Courts are in the health spas and are open to hotel guests only.
Courts are insistent that colleges and universities, at a minimum, follow their own procedures.
Courts are institutions whose special competence lies in the discernment and application of rights.
Courts are jammed, schools are unsafe and the streets are littered with potholes.
Courts are jammed.
Courts are likely to look upon whatever results with scolding disapproval.
Courts are likely to protect private schools.
Courts are limited.
Courts are lit and have four walls with a ceiling.
Courts are live-streaming proceedings via the Internet .
Courts are loathe to award significant monetary damages for breach of a non-disclosure agreement.
Courts are located in buildings.
Courts are located in cities.
Courts are located in courthouses.
Courts are located in lawyers.
Courts are located in palaces.
Courts are located in parks.
Courts are located in public buildings.
Courts are located in towns.
Courts are more active, however, in cases involving long term care.
Courts are nominally independent, but higher courts are especially subject to outside influence.
Courts are notorious for turning down requests to be excused.
Courts are now rather reluctant to intrude upon the arbitrator s province.
Courts are of various kinds.
Courts are off campus.
Courts are on right.
Courts are on the left.
Courts are on the resort property.
Courts are on the right.
Courts are open all regular hours.
Courts are open for recreational play and also are scheduled for classes and the tennis club.
Courts are open to the general public at all other times.
Courts are otherwise reluctant to become involved in property disputes between a husband and wife.
Courts are out of touch with what's going on in their communities.
Courts are outside and clay.
Courts are overwhelmed.
Courts are part of buildings.
Courts are part of courthouses.
Courts are part of the government.
Courts are particularly ill-equipped to evaluate academic performance.
Courts are passive and reactive.
Courts are past school in rear.
Courts are playing fields.
Courts are political institutions and judges of the two parties are clearly distinguishable.
Courts are process oriented.
Courts are really a symbol of the dominant community.
Courts are reluctant to disturb an existing arrangement if the children are doing well.
Courts are reluctant to disturbance existing arrangement if the children are doing well.
Courts are reluctant to enter summary judgment before the close of discovery.
Courts are reluctant to hand over financial assets intended for a child to the child's parents.
Courts are reluctant to interfere with the disciplinary decisions of voluntary associations.
Courts are reluctant to order the business sold.
Courts are reluctant to reallocate risks.
Courts are reluctant to separate siblings unless there is a very good reason for doing so.
Courts are reluctant to separate siblings.
Courts are reluctant to touch cases involving religious doctrine.
Courts are reluctant to upset arrangements that give children stable homes.
Courts are residences.
Courts are resistant to awarding amounts either higher or lower than the state guidelines.
Courts are responsible for attachment of real property.
Courts are rightfully suspicious of vague or unspecific fraud claims.
Courts are rooms.
Courts are similar.
Courts are slow to act, except when they feel they have to.
Courts are slow to indict on sports gambling, but they are even slower to acquit.
Courts are slow, and different courts often reach inconsistent conclusions.
Courts are so jammed that plea bargaining and reduced sentencing are routine matters.
Courts are somewhat limited in the remedies that they can provide to resolve disputes.
Courts are still somewhat reluctant to admit to second-guessing administrative decisions.
Courts are straight ahead.
Courts are subject to classes, lessons, drills, and special events.
Courts are subject to external influences and limited by scant training and resources.
Courts are the most visible part of our legal system.
Courts are the primary referral source.
Courts are the workshops of crimes, the lair of tyrants.
Courts are theaters where some men play.
Courts are thus more accessible due to lower costs associate with their use.
Courts are to accord statutory words their ordinary and generally accepted meaning.
Courts are to be used to play tennis only.
Courts are to give greater weight to the first and third factors than to the other factors listed.
Courts are to the right at the back of the building.
Courts are to the right.
Courts are too lenient with criminals.
Courts are uncomfortable affording protection to fictional characters that they are unable to see.
Courts are used for justice.
Courts are used for play games.
Courts are used for trials.
Courts are usually sympathetic to the interests of the owners of famous trademarks.
Courts are very cautious and hesitant to change the circumstances of the children.
Courts are very concerned about security and privacy as they relate to statewide networks.
Courts are very reluctant to order costs or fees against either of the parties.
Courts are very reluctant to touch cases involving religious doctrine.
Courts are very strict with trustees.
Courts are well advised to rely upon the statutory guidelines for imposing sentences.
Courts are without authority to sanction changes or modifications.
Courts are, after all, human and often maintain a sense of fairness and a dislike for overreaching.
Courts are, at best, reluctant to allow someone to impose a difficult burden on others.
Courts assess infringement damage according to a royalty based upon the use of an infringed patent.
Courts attach little probative value to what importers themselves call what they import.
Courts attempt to decide cases on the basis of principles established in prior cases.
Courts attempt to mark where individual rights end and societal rights begin.
Courts backed by guns try to settle disputes.
Courts balance the public and private interests.
Courts basically use one of two tests to determine whether consumer use is present.
Courts benefit by the reduction of repeat offender cases.
Courts calculate the relief based on the extent to which the promisee relied on the promise.
Courts can adjudicate matters pertaining to such parties.
Courts can adopt e-filing without also making court records available over the Internet.
Courts can also order tenants to pay back rent and to pay for damages to the property.
Courts can also order the defendant to pay restitution to the victim.
Courts can also use shame as a form of punishment.
Courts can and do attach different types of liens to enforce judgments.
Courts can award attorney fees, court costs and damages.
Courts can be booked two days in advance and court time is one hour.
Courts can be efficient and businesslike while being patient and deliberate.
Courts can be targets, too.
Courts can become more accessible to pro se litigants.
Courts can dismiss on other grounds including bad faith in filing the petition.
Courts can disqualify as executors persons who are legally incompetent or unsuitable.
Courts can even add local reports in the web environment.
Courts can form watcher groups of their own to take notes and report on court activities.
Courts can function in current location indefinitely.
Courts can get creative in dealing with the family home.
Courts can give warning of danger.
Courts can interpret the current law to impose strict liability.
Courts can justify greater sentences for many reasons.
Courts can make participation in the job program a condition of probation.
Courts can play a decisive role.
Courts can reach verdicts quickly, with some cases coming to conclusion in a matter of days.
Courts can reduce or deny attorney fee awards for a variety of reasons.
Courts can settle huge issues quickly when they absolutely have to, but they can also take too long.
Courts can support, tolerate, or resist societal pressures for change.
Courts challenge feds on health rules.
Courts change on the hour, every hour.
Courts change on the hour, regardless of when play actually begins.
Courts change their minds every day, for crying out loud.
Courts charge a fee to file most documents with the court.
Courts choose within themselves their presidents and vice-presidents.
Courts closely reason most judicial opinions, so much so that some are all but impossible to read.
Courts commonly enforce express contractual provisions on expulsion with or without cause.
Courts conduct decisions.
Courts consider a number of factors in deciding whether a use is fair.
Courts consider circumstances.
Courts consider evidence on both sides of each case.
Courts consider several factors in determining whether a particular farmer is a merchant.
Courts consider such payment proper and routine in large class actions.
Courts consist of chief judges.
Courts consist of judges.
Courts construe their own rules using the same means as are used to construe statutes.
Courts construing the identical federal exemption also focus on the debtor's needs at retirement.
Courts continue in Tudor style with only slight variations in detail.
Courts continue to impose the cruel, inhuman and degrading punishment of caning.
Courts continue to interpret the jurisdiction of probate courts broadly.
Courts continue to penalize plaintiffs who fail to do their homework and prove the amount of loss.
Courts continue to search for the definition of income.
Courts continue to uphold and expand logging permitted under the rider.
Courts contribute to social stability by resolving disputes in a civilized fashion.
Courts cost money.
Courts cost taxpayers a fortune to operate.
Courts cover complete private sphere of life and appear as keepers of freedom and free life.
Courts created by statute can have no jurisdiction but such as the statute confers.
Courts created by statute only have such jurisdiction as the statute confers.
Courts currently define a taking as a loss of most or all of a property's economic value.
Courts deal with the question of truth and falsity of statements on a daily basis.
Courts decide cases based on evidence.
Courts decide every day on the best interests of children.
Courts decide parenting time issues consistent with the best interest of the child.
Courts decide particular legal controversies and interpret the law.
Courts decide what is legal.
Courts decide whether a particular government action constitutes a taking.
Courts Describes the U.S., state, city, local and traffic courts of Long Island.
Courts determine as a matter of law whether a statute is clear or ambiguous.
Courts determine tests.
Courts determine trials.
Courts determine whether a danger is open and obvious based on the unique facts of each case.
Courts determine whether facts fall within the ambit of the doctrine on a case by case basis.
Courts determine whether laws have been breached.
Courts disagree about family's rights in the decedent's body.
Courts disagree as to whether expenditures for other legal fees constitutes dissipation.
Courts do little good, domestically or internationally, if no one enforces their decisions.
Courts do look at whether the employer acted in good faith and for legitimate business reasons.
Courts do make mistakes.
Courts do under certain circumstances have the authority to alter the guideline amount.
Courts don t take lightly to interference with a non-custodial parent s right to visitation.
Courts electrify suits, sparks fly.
Courts employ a two-step analysis to determine whether an individual is in custody.
Courts employ that standard of review when sexual bias is alleged.
Courts encourage people to settle their own cases.
Courts even encourage some litigants to proceed pro se.
Courts even make inconsistent decisions.
Courts examine such factors as the grandparents' age, health, and ability to care for the children.
Courts exercise judiciary power.
Courts exist for applicants.
Courts exist to be refuges for the powerless.
Courts exist to enforce principles of fairness and political equality.
Courts face difficult issues in determining the validity of maritime forum selection clauses.
Courts favor and encourage an arrangement with substantial contact with both parents.
Courts favor and encourage arbitration proceedings.
Courts favor fair competition in business.
Courts favor resolving cases through arbitration when agreed beforehand by the parties.
Courts favor settlement of disputes without litigation.
Courts favor stipulations in dissolution cases as a means of simplifying and expediting litigation.
Courts favor stipulations in dissolution cases because they simplify and expedite litigation.
Courts find circumstances.
Courts find cost.
Courts find evidence.
Courts find key witnesses.
Courts find policy.
Courts find public policy in numerous places, including statutory and constitutional provisions.
Courts find sufficient evidence.
Courts find witnesses.
Courts first look to the language of the statute to determine legislative intent.
Courts first pay attention to the plain language of the text.
Courts focus on issues.
Courts focus on the prejudicial impact restraints have on the defendant's presumption of innocence.
Courts force fathers to pay college tuition for adult children.
Courts fronts on a small lake which attracts water birds and has a resident muskrat.
Courts generally allow reverse engineering.
Courts generally give at least some measure of deference to the federal government in litigation.
Courts generally grant name change petitions provided the individual has no fraudulent intent.
Courts generally grant name change requests, unless the judge finds the new name inappropriate.
Courts generally levy a nominal penalty while disposing off cases.
Courts generally protect the privilege of lawyer-client confidentiality.
Courts generally require noncustodial parents to pay support based on a percentage of their income .
Courts generally rule that both parents get the benefit of a tuition remission program.
Courts generally view both written and verbal policies as a contract.
Courts get answers.
Courts get that.
Courts get wrong answers.
Courts give a reasonable and sensible construction to criminal statutes.
Courts give companies wide latitude in connecting their donations to fiduciary duty.
Courts give consideration.
Courts give effect to the instrument as a whole when interpreting restrictive covenants.
Courts give meaning to the classes of subjects in ss.
Courts grant it on a discretionary basis.
Courts grant visitation if consistent with the best interests of the children.
Courts has three laundry rooms, each with a washer and dryer, one with ironing board.
Courts have a limited range of remedies.
Courts have a lot of leeway in interpreting laws.
Courts have a right to protect students from teachers and from other students.
Courts have a tendency to issue mutual protection orders in cases of same-sex domestic violence.
Courts have a well known role of reasoning from starting premises.
Courts have administrative authority.
Courts have an independent process.
Courts have an interest in maintaining order.
Courts have an obligation to persuade.
Courts have authority.
Courts have broad discretion to deviate from the guidelines when appropriate.
Courts have certain powers to compel a witness to attend.
Courts have continuing jurisdiction to modify child support orders when circumstances change.
Courts have discretion to subject parties to discovery sanctions following a voluntary dismissal.
Courts have jurisdiction over all legal relations, that appear in the state.
Courts have jurisdiction over cases involving violations of civil and criminal law.
Courts have jurisdiction to correct an illegal sentence at any time.
Courts have local administrative authority.
Courts have local authority.
Courts have more flexibility in organizing and assigning judicial and staff resources.
Courts have much of the same information plus court transcripts and dispositions.
Courts have no authority to deny pen register requests.
Courts have no inherent power to suspend the execution of any portion of a sentence.
Courts have no jurisdiction to abridge or suspend the fundamental right to life and liberty.
Courts have no jurisdiction to review the merits of an administrative decision.
Courts have no power to render judgments that are merely hypothetical, abstract or moot.
Courts have sanctions available to impact domestic violence.
Courts have substantial backlogs.
Courts have the final say on whether to publish grand jury reports.
Courts have the inherent power of contempt for violation of their orders.
Courts have the power to strike down a law as unconstitutional in a. Great Britain.
Courts have the ultimate supervisory authority over lawyers.
Courts have their own internal monitors for the competence, efficiency and courtesy of judges.
Courts have to act more resolutely and more speedily to enforce property rights.
Courts have to balance the competing interests and come to some kind of workable solution.
Courts have to be neutral and magistrates have to be detached.
Courts have to be seen to treat people fairly.
Courts have to change their methods and ways of doing business.
Courts have to decide at least three different sorts of issues.
Courts have wide latitude to impose a range of punishments for spoliation.
Courts have, under some circumstances, adjusted child support payments to compensate for inflation.
Courts hear arguments to end hand recounts.
Courts hear both Civil and Criminal cases.
Courts hear both sides together.
Courts hear citizens.
Courts hear claims of two kinds.
Courts hear two type of cases.
Courts hear witnesses.
Courts hold employers liable for their notaries' mistakes.
Courts hold off rulings in light of law's uncertain future.
Courts hold the property owner responsible for any accident or damage caused by animals that escape.
Courts infer utility from infringement because it is rare that useless inventions are appropriated.
Courts interpret and apply laws to specific cases.
Courts interpret and resolve ambiguities in legislated law.
Courts interpret statutes to ascertain and effectuate legislative intent.
Courts interpret the law.
Courts is a large department store chain selling furniture, appliances, electronics and furnishings.
Courts is an aggressive retailer in Singapore.
Courts is simple for even a new employee to navigate .
Courts issue many rulings and decisions that are never reproduced or otherwise indexed.
Courts judge fair use cases based on the so-called four factors.
Courts know the impact of tickets.
Courts lack authority to require local legislators to provide their own accounts of the proceedings.
Courts lack the teeth to prosecute such crimes.
Courts Learn about federal courts and state courts .
Courts look at all relevant circumstances in establishing ownership of a vehicle.
Courts look at basic patents more favorably.
Courts look at strength of inducement and . . .
Courts look at the intention of offenders.
Courts look for the meaning that the buyer of a product assigns to the contested word.
Courts look the other way.
Courts look to the statutory language as the best indication of legislative intent.
Courts maintain offices.
Courts make a ruler.
Courts make assignments from the list of certified attorneys.
Courts make changes in judicial infrastructure necessary to make timely decisions.
Courts make concessions.
Courts make decisions.
Courts make large assumptions in admitting evidence from people who have impressive credentials.
Courts make mistakes.
Courts make observations.
Courts make policy decisions too.
Courts make the argument that custody has nothing to do with paying support.
Courts make up the judicial branch.
Courts manage conflicts among people over property and other matters.
Courts mean the wider spaces of a house.
Courts narrowly construe statutes restricting speech with an eye to overbreadth problems.
Courts narrowly interpret the rule however.
Courts normally punish unethical behavior.
Courts now can order families into counseling.
Courts now recognize a person's right to refuse treatment.
Courts offer protection.
Courts offer some of the coolest web surfing kids can find.
Courts ofthen refer litigants to rules using abbreviations.
Courts only become involved when there is a request for due process.
Courts only judge situations to which the law applies.
Courts only recognize and affirm the decisions parents have made.
Courts open dawn to dusk in the spring, summer and fall.
Courts operate at a much more fulsome level.
Courts operate freely from government intervention.
Courts operate in different financial environments.
Courts operate within an adversarial process.
Courts ordinarily are wary of waivers of full disclosure.
Courts pass laws based on majority vote or popular consensus.
Courts permit stipulated evidence in many contexts.
Courts play a major role to ensure safety.
Courts possess inherent power in appropriate cases to enter a judgment nunc pro tunc.
Courts prefer a maintenance award of unlimited duration.
Courts prefer to deal with one appeal from a single case.
Courts prefer to know that the order is either agreed upon or opposed.
Courts prefer to rule when they are dealing with a real law applied to real facts.
Courts presume that the amount derived from the guidelines as child support is appropriate.
Courts presume that the legislature passes laws with full knowledge of existing laws.
Courts properly consider juror education a priority.
Courts provide free legal counsel to the indigent only in capital cases.
Courts provide information.
Courts publish documents.
Courts publish entire documents.
Courts publish their decisions and their decisions become part of the law also.
Courts quash congressional attempt to regulate Internet decency.
Courts reach decisions.
Courts read the riot act to infringers.
Courts recognise that slip ups occur.
Courts recognize that keeping a home and raising children are work.
Courts recognize that the public has an interest in the dissemination of important facts.
Courts recognize the tension between two competing interests.
Courts recognize types.
Courts refer to the abused child as the petitioner.
Courts refuses to hear the appeal.
Courts regularly amputate the father from the family picture.
Courts regularly deal with the most difficult issues of our society.
Courts regularly defer to the agency's interpretation provided that it is rational.
Courts reject hypnosis as a memory aid.
Courts rely heavily on GALs in making their rulings on custody and placement issues.
Courts rely on methodologies.
Courts rely upon case law and the above rules - presumably on the basis of judicial notice.
Courts remain reluctant to interfere with the summative evaluation process of a school district.
Courts remaining open are available for same day reservation.
Courts require a herald to announce the business.
Courts require individuals or organizations to establish a direct injury to permit a legal suit.
Courts require minimal maintenance, with rolling almost totally eliminated.
Courts require people.
Courts require personal representatives.
Courts require representatives.
Courts require the owner to take reasonable steps to protect the private knowledge.
Courts respond to social pressure.
Courts retain authority to review the reasonableness of contingent fee agreements.
Courts retain discretion to determine the amount of fees owed.
Courts review such claims under an intermediate standard of review.
Courts routinely admit such computer based records as evidence.
Courts routinely apply statutes to particular situations.
Courts routinely apply the standards laid out in the rules to help decide disqualification motions.
Courts routinely approve sealing the records of settlement in civil suits.
Courts routinely grant protective orders in record review cases precluding the taking of discovery.
Courts routinely order such tests.
Courts routinely review claims based on a codified right of privacy.
Courts routinely revise, modify and reconcile laws to improve the public interest.
Courts routinely support all but the most outrageous wishes.
Courts routinely use arbitrators to relieve the clogged legal system.
Courts rule on arrest practices.
Courts rule on laws, but people power can change unjust laws and rulings.
Courts say the patient has the right to decide whether to continue or halt treatments.
Courts scare people.
Courts See Philosophy of Right .
Courts seek that intention first in the plain meaning of the statutory language.
Courts seem to insist only on reasonable argument that adverse effects are possible and likely.
Courts send most cases to mediation.
Courts serve as a check on the powers of both the legislative and executive branches.
Courts set limits on the contingency fees a lawyer can receive from personal injury suits.
Courts specialize in responsibilities to the public through the trial system.
Courts still have jurisdiction. . .
Courts strictly construe the removal statute and resolve all doubts in favor of remand.
Courts strictly follow statutes of limitations.
Courts strike down laws as imposing sweeping bans on the content of speech.
Courts submit conviction and sentence information to the department on abstracts of conviction.
Courts take actions.
Courts take into account many factors in sentencing offenders.
Courts take notice.
Courts take the argument quite seriously.
Courts tend to allow agencies to supplement the record in their own defense with affidavits.
Courts tend to be adversarial and the media reports tragedy, strife and discord.
Courts tend to define a claim as a demand for monetary recovery.
Courts tend to favor insureds by classifying indefinite warranties as affirmative.
Courts tend to favor short covenants the shorter the better.
Courts tend to favor short covenantsthe shorter the better.
Courts tend to give a very broad scope.
Courts tend to give deference to prison officials regarding prisoners' rights.
Courts tend to give temporary custody to the parent who physically has the children.
Courts tend to have their own esprit de corps, and develop their own sets of rules.
Courts tend to look closely at an employment agreement.
Courts tend to look unfavorably upon willful blindness of that magnitude.
Courts then apply the law or review jury decisions based upon the law.
Courts then decide whether a minor can consent to or refuse treatment on a case by case basis.
Courts therefore apply special interpretation rules.
Courts therefore provide a medium through which law is created, explained and applied.
Courts treat exclusion results as conclusive evidence of non-paternity.
Courts try more civil cases against former employers on the grounds of wrongful discharge.
Courts try to do the just thing.
Courts typically protect trade secrets by issuing injunctions and protective orders.
Courts typically refuse to retroactively modify a child support obligation.
Courts typically rely on expert testimony to translate such losses into dollar figures.
Courts typically use formal rules of evidence.
Courts undertake the responsibility of enforcing their orders very seriously.
Courts uniformly expect trial briefs.
Courts use a similar threshold in cases where prosecutors presented evidence they knew to be false.
Courts use cases.
Courts use contempt powers to maintain effective control of proceedings.
Courts use several factors to determine whether a given work is a work for hire.
Courts use the quoted billing hours to set fees.
Courts vary greatly in the amount of time it takes to issue an opinion.
Courts vary on their procedures for handling temporary motions.
Courts vary, however, on the extent of remedies.
Courts view pepperoni and political candidates as all alike.
Courts view receivership as a step to take only when all else fails.
Courts wake up and smell the coffee.
Courts will have guidelines.
Courts work best where litigants are represented by legal practitioners.
Courts always have lots of quirks, to keep records and make announcements and stuff.
Courts frequently consent to that request since both parties are making the request.
Courts frequently draw on the law of bailments in resolving problems involving lost property.
Courts frequently have to try to reconcile conflicting statutes, for example.
Courts frequently jail peaceful Kurdish politicians.
Courts frequently look to the preamble to a final rule when construing the meaning of a rule.
Courts frequently place such children outside the home for varying periods of time.
Courts frequently view debt forgiveness as a gift to both parties and hence marital property.
Courts often appoint such guardians for children and mentally disabled people.
Courts often discuss substantive versus procedural unconscionability.
Courts often examine lease agreements for unconscionability.
Courts often hesitate to bind either parent to an agreement that was made many years in the past.
Courts often look at who performs basic but important services for the kids.
Courts often pay for translators, and cases with interpreters usually involve longer proceedings.
Courts often present a scary image for children.
Courts often prohibit plaintiffs from taking a deposition from a company's chief executive.
Courts often refer to, but don t define, a reasonable person.
Courts often rely on legislative history in arbitrating disputes over the meaning of legislation.
Courts often require additional evidence.
Courts often revise their rulings, but usually during subsequent cases.
Courts sometimes can interpret unclear language in a way the parties never intended.
Courts sometimes do, however, overrule their own precedents.
Courts sometimes refer to such a person as an aider or abettor.
Courts usually bar untimely claims.
Courts usually define public interest very narrowly.
Courts usually dismiss such charges.
Courts usually divide the marital share in half.
Courts usually grant visitation if it is in the best interests of the children.
Courts usually have a backlog of urgent criminal and civil cases.
Courts usually have wide ranging powers to make orders to enforce their judgments.
Courts usually order what parents have agreed for their children, as well.
Courts usually uphold shareholder voting agreements as long as they relate to voteable issues.
All courts accept that officers are required to use physical force when necessary.
All courts are accessible by persons with disabilities.
All courts are asphalt surfaced and lighted.
All courts are asphalt-covered.
All courts are exceptionally well lit.
All courts are hard courts unless surface is otherwise indicated.
All courts are hard surface and are lit for night play.
All courts are laykold and lighted.
All courts are limited to a maximum of one hour of play.
All courts are lit.
All courts are major competition size.
All courts are open for member play unless otherwise noted on the posted court calendars.
All courts are open for play on a first come, first serve basis.
All courts are regulation size.
All courts are subject to availablity.
All courts automatically receive all reports, fact sheets, and state-level statistics.
All courts do.
All courts exercise both criminal and civil jurisdiction.
All courts first try to base their decisions upon past decisions.
All courts generally follow the same types of procedures and allow the same type of motions.
All courts have a central administration.
All courts have a set schedule of fees and costs for filing, service of pleadings and other charges.
All courts have artificial lighting to play also during the evening and at night.
All courts have gas and electric connections.
All courts have power to impose sentences such as community service or probation instead.
All courts have safety netting on back walls.
All courts have the same set and cast of characters.
All courts operate on a first come first served basis.
All courts provide pro se parties some latitude and consideration.
All courts require a token to operate the lights.
All courts sitting in Hamilton County belong to either the state system or the federal system.
All courts suppress and disallow evidence from unlawful searches.
Every court charges for bringing a divorce action.
Every court deals with the possibility of sick jurors.
Every court has a Spanish interpreter.
Many courts accept the proportionality test as a check on the instrumentality approach.
Many courts already provide information to the public at the courthouse public access terminal.
Many courts also refuse to enforce if the alleged promise is too vague and indefinite.
Many courts appear to rule that way, but there are exceptions.
Many courts are available, some floodlit.
Many courts are skeptical of advance conflict waivers.
Many courts attempt to coordinate officer schedules with planned court appearances.
Many courts conduct pretrial conferences at which certain cases are resolved by agreement.
Many courts distinguish between voluntary early retirement and mandatory retirement.
Many courts do use rough guidelines, however.
Many courts exercise authority over the disposition of settlements when the victim is a child.
Many courts exist for the resolution of the public's disputes.
Many courts have brochures available.
Many courts have different jurisdictions.
Many courts have handbooks that explain their procedures to the general public.
Many courts have lights, some of which are coin-operated.
Many courts have requirements for the parties to discuss settlement prior to trial.
Many courts have self-help centers with information and referrals.
Many courts have the option of referring a divorcing couple to mediation.
Many courts have the software available in the courtroom, however.
Many courts have their own local rules.
Many courts have web pages, where docket information is available.
