Clusters are large and loose.
Clusters are large groups of galaxies held together by gravity.
Clusters are large, good quality with a good production level.
Clusters are like agents.
Clusters are local networks of firms in related industries.
Clusters are many individual crystals who all live together in harmony and peace.
Clusters are massive, and depending on their shape, can focus background light in a variety of ways.
Clusters are medium to small, generally compact, and shouldered.
Clusters are multiple computers connected by a high-speed, local area network.
Clusters are non-parallel test forms because content areas are spiraled throughout each cluster.
Clusters are of interest for a number of reasons.
Clusters are often cross-disciplinary, drawing on courses in several departments.
Clusters are one sided.
Clusters are organized according to grade level.
Clusters are prominent in the large-scale distribution of galaxies in the universe.
Clusters are regions in which a sudden and astoundingly high number of e.g. leukaemia occurs.
Clusters are research teams that join forces to do specific comparisons.
Clusters are sets of related courses.
Clusters are spacecrafts.
Clusters are still in the bottom deeps, and there's little sign of moisture on the inner covers.
Clusters are team-based.
Clusters are the media through which the explorations take place.
Clusters are the most efficient advertising medium in particular geographic locations.
Clusters are themselves organised in collections managed by the server.
Clusters are to be merged.
Clusters are today's preferred implementation of distributed-memory multicomputers.
Clusters are usually buff-colored.
Clusters are very efficient.
Clusters are very large and attractive.
Clusters are, therefore, free to use any valid replication or concurrency control protocols.
Clusters automatically balance user, batch, and print work loads.
Clusters begin each term.
Clusters can help focus career exploration activities of students.
Clusters can help generate new or future industries.
Clusters can provide enterprises with nearly continuous access to applications and data.
Clusters can strike several times a day or night for several weeks or months.
Clusters can work in any discipline.
Clusters can, of course, be both multimedia clusters and language clusters.
Clusters Click on each cluster for more information.
Clusters come in groups and can last for weeks.
Clusters consist of family members, friends and professionals.
Clusters constitute evidence in the search for causes of diseases and conditions.
Clusters create greater inventory packaging flexibility.
Clusters currently supports one public color printer.
Clusters develop spontaneously when surrounded by the right resources.
Clusters emit X-rays from hot, ionized gas between their galaxies.
Clusters encompass an array of linked industries and other entities important to competition.
Clusters eventually cover the surface, at which point a second layer grows.
Clusters exceeding two or three inches can command quite good prices today.
Clusters exist at each level of the diagram, represented by horizontal line segments.
Clusters exist at each level of the diagram.
Clusters fall into four categories.
Clusters focus on teaching, learning, and family supports.
Clusters form stars of all masses.
Clusters generally employ load sharing and process migration.
Clusters generally form by the gravitational merger of smaller clusters and groups.
Clusters give the best displays.
Clusters go against the normal as opposed to specific numbers.
Clusters grow to fit the size of the formatted logical drive, depending on the operating system.
Clusters have attributes derived from the descriptions of members.
Clusters have certain abilities to display documents according to user preferences.
Clusters have properties.
Clusters help allocate computing resources.
Clusters hold only one file, or one file part.
Clusters implement a simple protection scheme.
Clusters mean various things to various people.
Clusters meet monthly under the direction of regional faculty members.
Clusters meet regularly and the entire group of students and faculty meet twice yearly.
Clusters offer the important capability of recovery from disasters.
Clusters play an important role linking atoms or clusters with bulk.
Clusters provide a group identity for students.
Clusters provide end users continuous access to cluster resources.
Clusters provide ideal sources of graduate supervisory committees.
Clusters range in size depending on the size of the hard disk and the file system used.
Clusters represent fundamental business process groups.
Clusters require special design consideration.
Clusters results by domain and removes duplicates.
Clusters results by site.
Clusters results by which search engine returned the link.
Clusters seem to apply both forms of teaching, which is the best way.
Clusters sell advertising, too.
Clusters show varied behaviour in their spatial distribution of heavy elements.
Clusters start to form to discuss their own special interests.
Clusters stay together.
Clusters take even longer.
Clusters teach students to coordinate what they learn in other courses they take.
Clusters thus play a critical role in defining current and future supercomputing.
Clusters typically consist of three regions, the core, the stoss, and the wake.
Clusters vary greatly in density, number and types of stars as well as age.
Clusters often occur during spring or autumn and often are incorrectly associated with allergies.
Clusters often serve as the heart of an organization's computing environment.
All clusters are at the beginning of the harddisk.
All clusters are highly scalable and can be configured with non-proprietary hardware.
All clusters are open during the hours that their buildings are open.
All clusters are open seven days a week during most of the academic year.
All clusters begin immediately by executing the various preprocessing required.
All clusters have balconies, many with spectacular westerly views.
All clusters show multiple nuclei.
Any cluster having a singular covariance matrix is deleted and ignored in subsequent processing.
Every cluster has a cluster ID, which can be queried and retured as a sequence.
Many clusters are relatively bright and easy to see and image in a small amateur scope.
Many clusters live as a super cluster.
More clusters mean more security and maintenance issues.
Most clusters form with gray, white and blue agate and have a green exterior on the vugs.
Most clusters have small cracks and crevices filled with clay.
Most clusters have some cavities under construction, some completed and in use, and some abandoned.
Most clusters have student consultants available to answer questions and help users.
Most clusters tend to be part of a larger grouping called a supercluster.
Some clusters appear to be grouped into superclusters.
Some clusters are richer or poorer then others.
Some clusters decay into hadrons.
Some clusters have a single purple flower at the center.
Some clusters have many ties to many others, while other clusters have only a few ties.
Some clusters have only a handful of galaxies and are called poor clusters .
Some clusters have similar socioeconomic profiles but are distinctly different in their habits.
Some clusters have their clocks set incorrectly.
Some clusters occupy an intermediate position between japonica and indica.
Some clusters occur in more than one region of the map.
Clustered piers mark the crossing.
Clustered servers offer high availability.
Clustered water has no flavor and is colorless and odorless.
Clustered water raises the energy of the cell.
Clustering algorithms can be useful for finding groups of related header files.
Most clustering algorithms are of a combinatorial flavor.
Clustering according to similarity is a concept which appears in many disciplines.
Clustering affects approximately one hundred freshmen and eighty sophomores.
Clustering allows automatic failover.
Clustering allows for continuous server availability.
Clustering allows for more meaningful comparisons.
Clustering allows only one-page per site to be represented in the top results.
Clustering allows the remainder to be preserved as productive farmland or unbuilt open space.
Clustering allows users to link multiple servers together to make a single high-performance server.
Clustering avoids time-consuming seek operations within a stream's reading period.
Clustering can address both planned downtime and unplanned system outages.
Clustering can reduce travel and administrative costs.
Clustering does reduce the communication to computation ratio substantially.
Clustering eases software upgrades.
Clustering eases that concern.
Clustering enables a better relationship between impervious surfaces and natural drainageways, too.
Clustering enables firms to share scarce resources.
Clustering enables servers to work in unison to support applications.
Clustering ensures that our system is always available.
Clustering ensures that the system remains functional while individual nodes are repaired.
Clustering exploits any temporal skew in input runs to further reduce the number of seeks.
Clustering facilitates collaboration to overcome shared problems and obstacles.
Clustering goes beyond geography to application.
Clustering helps arrange ideas that have been generated by brainstorming.
Clustering helps organize ideas into visual categories of priority or relevance to the topic.
Clustering helps preserve existing investments by using existing systems in new ways.
Clustering indicates a poor absorption of protein with bridging between gold particles.
Clustering indicates recent infection and rapid progression to clinical illness.
Clustering involves flexible grouping.
Clustering involves informally dividing a large number of ideas into smaller groups.
Clustering involves putting several copies of the same application on the different nodes.
Clustering is always good for overflow.
Clustering is being associated, regular is antagonistic, random is in the middle.
Clustering is different.
Clustering is for more artistic students.
Clustering is in full evidence in the commercial space.
Clustering is very subjective.
Clustering lets one server take over the duties of a second server when it fails.
Clustering makes sense in the same way that hubs make sense for the airline industry.
Clustering means different things to different people.
Clustering means groups of students take classes together.
Clustering offers scalability by allowing multiple standards-based servers to work together.
Clustering organizes bits of information into forms that show their relationship.
Clustering permits high density use for the primary purpose of group and classroom training.
Clustering potted plants also helps to raise humidity levels, keeping plants more productive.
Clustering prevents sprawl.
Clustering provides a powerful technique for localizing behaviors.
Clustering serves economic, environmental, social, and aesthetic purposes.
Clustering shows up most clearly on a dotplot.
Clustering simplifies the design with little impact on performance.
Clustering solves current troubleshooting limitations.
Clustering stresses relationships.
Clustering takes many forms, and can scale from two computers.
Clustering utilizes multiple linked servers that operate as one machine and is user transparent.
More clustering is likely to come.
Clutch size appears to be an innate genetically driven characteristic.
Clutch size can also vary with the age of the hen.
Clutch size can be one to eight eggs, but averages three or four.
Clutch size depends on the size of the female.
Clutch size increases from south to north and from east to west.
Clutch size is affected by egg parasitism.
Clutch size is correlated to female carapace length.
Clutch size is correlated with carapace length and growth rates.
Clutch size is normally three eggs.
Clutch size is one or two.
Clutch size is one to three eggs, which both parents incubate for about five weeks.
Clutch size is one to three, the eggs are pale buff with irregular blotches of mauve and brown.
Clutch size is species-specific and is held within fairly tight limits.
Clutch size is surprisingly high for mockingbirds in highly seasonal tropical localities.
Clutch size is three to six eggs with an incubation period of about twenty-one days.
Clutch size is three to six eggs.
Clutch size is two eggs which are incubated by female only.
Clutch size is two eggs, one per ovary or oviduct.
Clutch size is two to five eggs, and incubation averages thirty days.
Clutch size is two to four white eggs.
Clutch size is two to four, although two young are usually raised.
Clutch size is two to four.
Clutch size is typically between ten and thirty eggs.
Clutch size is typically three to five eggs.
Clutch size is typically two to three eggs.
Clutch size is usually five to nine eggs, with an average of six.
Clutch size is usually four in Arizona, five in Texas.
Clutch size is usually slightly smaller than A. mississippiensis .
Clutch size is usually two or three eggs.
Clutch size ranges from four to six rounded eggs.
Clutch size ranges from two to four eggs.
Clutch size ranges from two to three eggs.
Clutch size varies from one to nine eggs.
Clutch size varies within a species due to a number of intrinsic and extrinsic factors.
Clutch sizes range from four to eight eggs, with one egg laid per day.
Clutch sizes range from nine to twelve white oval eggs that are laid at daily intervals.
Clutch sizes range from one to three eggs.
Clutch sizes tend to be smaller for younger females and for second broods of the breeding season.
Clutch sizes tend to increase from south to north and from east to west.
Clutch sizes vary between the species.
Clutch sizes vary from two to three eggs.
Clutch sizes vary with site and environmental condition between seven and twenty one.
Clutch sizes vary within and between species.
A clutch is prehension
Clutch plays from underdogs who come through huge .
Clutch works fine in all forward gears but gears always grind going into reverse.
Clutches are available for most engines.
Clutches are available in two and three shoe types.
Clutches are larger and reproductive success is higher during years when vole populations are high.
Clutches are separated by days when no eggs are laid.
Clutches are three to six sea-green eggs, laid at intervals of two days.
Clutches are to remain stock.
Clutches are useful in devices with two rotating shafts.
Clutches are usually three eggs.
Clutches average fewer than a dozen large eggs.
Clutches consist of one to five eggs, but recently few young have survived to fledge.
Clutches contain three to six eggs .
Clutches disengage before bits pull out of screw slot, thus avoiding marred screw heads.
Clutches generally transmit power from the clutch-driving member to the driven member by friction.
Clutches protect the gear train if large forces are applied to the tabletop.
Clutches represent a compromise between performance and safety.
Clutches typically consist of three or more eggs, and are tended to by both sexes.
Clutches vary with the individual female, however fifteen to twenty-five is typical in one clutch.
Clutchs are broods.
Clutchs are couplings.
Clutchs are part of automobiles.
Clutchs are part of cars.
Clutchs are part of clutchs.
Clutchs are part of transmissions.
Clutchs are pedals.
Clutches usually consist of two white eggs.
Most clutches also have a drill setting, which allows the motor to drive the bit at full power.
Most clutches contain five or six eggs.
Some clutch hitting is desperately in order.
Some clutches are made up of a single egg.
Some clutches have complete mortality.
Clutter adds to the fuel of a fire.
Clutter can add to stress - try to eliminate as much as possible.
Clutter can be a turnoff to potential buyers.
Clutter can be oppressive and depressing .
Clutter can clog the smooth workings of any home, imposing heavy costs on the household.
Clutter can create an overload of the visual system due to excessive luminance ratios.
Clutter can detract from an exhibit.
Clutter can indicate an overly active mind.
Clutter causes a life full of stress, frustration, chaos and wasted time.
Clutter causes confusion.
Clutter causes stress.
Clutter ceases to exist if it is personalized.
Clutter collects on shelves, counter tops, drawers, closets, garages, attics, and basements.
Clutter comes into our lives every day.
Clutter creates tripping hazards and prevents a safe and fast evacuation.
Clutter diminishes clarity.
Clutter distracts most people and makes it too easy to lose things, which wastes time.
Clutter equals junk.
Clutter fills more than our shelves and closets - it permeates our lives.
Clutter gives dust and particles places to land, which makes cleaning more difficult.
Clutter hurts readability.
Clutter increases the likelihood of a spill or accident.
Clutter inhibits the free flow of energy.
Clutter interferes with an individual's sense of tranquility and energy flows in the room.
Clutter is a distraction and time waster.
Clutter is a distraction.
Clutter is a real problem, even out in the open.
Clutter is a type of land-use classification.
Clutter is bad.
Clutter is banished.
Clutter is catastrophic.
Clutter is clumsy and causes confusion.
Clutter is disorder
Clutter is dust s best buddy.
Clutter is enemy number one.
Clutter is inevitable when kids are back to school.
Clutter is just postponed decisions.
Clutter is located in desks.
Clutter is located in offices.
Clutter is messes.
Clutter is no virtue.
Clutter is noise.
Clutter is noticeably absent.
Clutter is obstacles in that energy field and prohibits a person from seeing what is actually there.
Clutter is often in the way of new growth.
Clutter is one of the most common feng shui problems found in most homes and apartments.
Clutter is out.
Clutter is overwhelming.
Clutter is part of the issue, certainly.
Clutter is political correctness gone amok.
Clutter is postponed decisions.
Clutter is really just stuff.
Clutter is secure and inviting.
Clutter is simply postponed decisions.
Clutter is software.
Clutter is stagnant, stored energy, and it has a psychological effect.
Clutter is stuck energy with far-reaching physical, mental, emotional and spiritual effects.
Clutter is too many things in the house.
Clutter is unattractive and causes accidents.
Clutter is unattractive.
Clutter makes it difficult to move around and can be a fire hazard.
Clutter makes it hard to find things.
Clutter makes work demands more difficult.
Clutter obscures interior landmarks and nullifies the important messages in the environment.
Clutter produces tension, which robs a person of inner tranquility.
Clutter promotes tripping and fire safety hazards.
Clutter refers to advertising that is in the wrong place trying to reach their market.
Clutter seems to be a constant battle in our house.
Clutter sends the wrong message to everyone who sees it.
Clutter takes many forms.
Clutter tends to distract home buyers from the features of the home.
Clutter tends to hinder concentration and can create tension and frustration.
All clutter is to be avoided.
Some clutter is just stuff that belongs someplace else.
Cluttered cars invite thieves.
Cluttered minds disappear, life becomes crystal clear.
Cluttered pages can appear confusing, difficult to read and become irritating to follow.
Cluttered prints are ilegible and useless.
Cluttered rooms are small rooms.
Cluttered speech is fast in rate, with a mixture of short, rapid bursts of speech and long pauses.
Clutterless imagery is a powerful production management tool right now.
A cm is a linear measure
A cm is a metric
CM catch so far is equal to or less than last year.
CM depends on several shared libraries.
CM has four CDs of their own out plus a joint CD made in Hawaii.
CM has no organization, officials, or leaders.
CM is a literature-based approach to education.
CM is a multi-regional provider of specialty professional staffing services to U.S. businesses.
CM is a six year-old boutique marketing and sales consulting firm.
CM is a top ranked internet mall which advertises on national, prime time television.
CM is a white, odorless crystalline powder that is available in tablet or powder form.
CM is absorbed through the liver.
CM is an enigma to corporate executives.
CM is an essential part of the software process.
CM is an important job, but apparently, few people want to do it.
CM is an index of cost of the needed corrective measures.
CM is an integral part of life-cycle management .
CM is better even here.
CM is controlled by the same synthetic insecticides as plum curculio and apple maggot.
CM is critical at all stages of software development to ensure delivery of a quality product.
CM is dry.
CM is focused on the rigorous control required for the technical work products.
CM is just a bicycle traffic jam.
CM is like total deprivation of living.
CM is no different.
CM is nontoxic, even in large amounts.
CM is relatively easy but a time consuming endeavor.
CM is responsible for keeping the classification list up to date.
CM is the central meridian.
CM is the circumference of a rotating mast.
Cm isa unit.
CM maintains project quality.
CM means texts, graphics, sounds, music, data and other media.
CM now uses a lower priority thread to enable processor hungry application more processor time.
CM prints wrong time, when day view is printed.
CM promotes an integrated discipline across the agency.
CM provides measurable benefits on both the cost and benefit side.
CM provides the ability to assert, retract, and query facts about the world.
CM provides the board with a more significant voice.
CM provides the only systematic and comprehensive annual survey of software for music printing.
CM reports graphic units of measure in centimeters.
CM seems to be a negative distraction in the goal of having a midwife for every mother.
CM seems to function in three very different capacities.
CM tries buying bizarre drugs from a coke dealer on a street corner.
CM views the body as a dynamic system of interrelated parts working together as a whole.
CMs also prepare detailed maintenance records, acquire repair parts and maintain cost control data.
CMs are no different than anyone else, there are good ones and bad ones.
CMs coordinate with home care on continuum path.
CMs face an array of choices for supply-chain connections.
CMs generally ask people in wheelchairs if they can negotiate the steps in front of the mansion.
CMs handle the complex scheduling of various trades to ensure smooth job progress.
Cms have (part) millimeters.
Cms have (part) mms.
CMs have bachelor's degrees and training in midwifery, but they have no nursing education.
CMs keep building strength in front-end services through several means.
CMs practice in both in- and outpatient settings.
CMs practice independently, at medical clinics, or at hospitals as physician assistants.
Most CMs declare themselves by causing seizures, headaches, or with a large hemorrhage.
Some CMs are terrain-following.
CMA questions are generally more analysis oriented than CPA questions.
CMAQ projects attempt to lower emissions by providing alternatives to conventional highway travel.
CMAS representatives are available to provide program information.
CME believes in unbiased consulting.
CME can help.
CME is available.
CME is but the nucleus for fulfilling a host of needs throughout the country.
CME is now available.
CME is on the right.
CME maintains offices in Chicago, London and Tokyo.
CME needs assessment for hospitals, clinics and other groups.
CME online features a directory of brokerage firms and online trading resources.
CME results from the inflammation that accompanies the surgical procedure.
CME shifts southward with complex twisted interior structures.
CME strives to ensure that the needs of children, youth, families and the community are served.
CMEs appear and decouple from the sun, heading away into the solar wind, in a matter of hours.
CMEs are also dangerous to astronauts in space.
CMEs are available for most licenses and disciplines.
CMEs are huge bubbles of gas that erupt from the corona of the sun.
CMEs are more common but less intense than solar flares .
CMEs are more common but less intense than solar flares.
CMEs can generate geomagnetic storms that disrupt or damage satellites.
CMEs help boaters ensure their craft complies with Federal regulations.
CMEs leave the corona from the right and left sectors.
CMEs leave the Sun in all directions, and some reach Earth.
CMEs produce large changes in the magnetosphere, which affects the ionosphere.
CMEs produce shock waves and clouds of plasma that can disturb Earth's magnetosphere.
CMHA residents are more likely to hold jobs.
CMMS implementations follow basically the same course every time.
CMMS software can perform a wide variety of functions to improve maintenance performance.
Many CMNA members are qualified mobile loan closers and mobile fingerprinters.
CMS funding can have negative impact on the academic mission of campuses.
CMS style is used in the field of history and some other fields in the arts and sciences.
CMS vendors are also welcome to send their information demands.
CMSs have their limitations.
Some cms are part of meters.
Some cms are part of metres.
Some cms are part of ms.
CMTS manufacturers have racks full of cable modems lining the walls of their test labs.
CMX detector is depicted.
CMYK colors vary with printer, ink, and paper characteristics.
CMYK conversion is based on various factors including ink sets, dot gain, paper and paper stock.
CMYK images consist of the four colors used to print color separations.
CMYK logos are for four-color process printing.
CMYK text is fuzzy on mixed-color and monochrome pages.
CND students have first priority to all equipment, including computers and photocopiers.
CNHS Pharmacists are able to work in both outpatient and inpatient practice environments.
Cnidarian bodies have two or sometimes three layers.
Some cnidarian groups have both forms, others are reduced to just one.
Cnidarian jellies get along just fine without a brain or heart.
All cnidarian jellies possess nematocysts for use in acquiring food.
Some cnidarian jellies are relatively easy to culture, given the appropriate captive conditions.
Some cnidarian polyp has tentacles.
Cnidarian tentacles serve to capture prey.
A cnidarian is an invertebrate
Cnidarian comes from a Greek word meaning stinging nettles.
Cnidarian isa animal.
Cnidarian isa beast.
Cnidarian isa creature.
Cnidarians also lack certain tissue types found in other animal phyla, such as true muscle cells.
Cnidarians are a diverse group of aquatic animals.
Cnidarians are a group of invertebrates that includes jellyfish, corals, sea anemones, and hydras.
Cnidarians are all aquatic and mostly marine.
Cnidarians are almost all marine carnivores.
Cnidarians are also diploblastic , with only ectoderm and endoderm as tissues.
Cnidarians are also suitable subject matter, since many exhibit both forms of reproduction.
Cnidarians are animals with stinging cells called cnidoblasts.
Cnidarians are aquatic, mostly all marine.
Cnidarians are both sessile and motile with forms including jellies, corals, and hydras.
Cnidarians are carnivores that use their tentacles to catch prey.
Cnidarians are carnivorous, the major part of their diet consisting of crustaceans.
Cnidarians are carnivorous.
Cnidarians are diploblastic, meaning that they only have an endoderm and ectoderm.
Cnidarians are diploblastic, so they lack organs.
Cnidarians are diploblastic.
Cnidarians are divided into three major classes.
Cnidarians are entirely aquatic animals.
Cnidarians are essentially bags made of two cell layers.
Cnidarians are gonochoristic.
Cnidarians are grouped into four or five classes.
Cnidarians are incredibly diverse in form.
Cnidarians are known for their radially symmetrical and the tentacles that encircle their mouth.
Cnidarians are predators that use special stinging cells to subdue their prey.
Cnidarians are radial, tentacled animals that live mostly in the seas.
Cnidarians are radially symmetrical and they have tentacles that encircle their mouth.
Cnidarians are radially symmetrical invertebrates with two tissue layers.
Cnidarians are said to be the simplest organisms at the tissue grade of organization.
Cnidarians are the scientific group of animals which contain corals.
Cnidarians are the simplest animals in which the cells are organised into tissues.
Cnidarians are the simplest animals with cells organised into tissues.
Cnidarians are widespread in marine habitats and less common in fresh water.
Cnidarians can have a polyp phase , medusa phase , or both, in their life cycles.
Cnidarians digest food.
Cnidarians exhibit radial or biradial symmetry around a longitudinal axis.
Cnidarians exhibit two basic structural forms, a medusa and a polyp .
Cnidarians exist as either polyps or medusae, or both in alternation.
Cnidarians feed using tentacles that are embedded with stinging nematocysts.
Cnidarians have (part) brains.
Cnidarians have (part) cell membranes.
Cnidarians have (part) cells.
Cnidarians have (part) coelenterons.
Cnidarians have (part) corpi.
Cnidarians have (part) cytoplasm.
Cnidarians have (part) ears.
Cnidarians have (part) faces.
Cnidarians have (part) heads.
Cnidarians have (part) nuclei.
Cnidarians have (part) plasma membranes.
Cnidarians have (part) sections.
Cnidarians have (part) skulls.
Cnidarians have (part) vacuoles.
Cnidarians have a digestive cavity and carry out extracellular and intracellular digestion.
Cnidarians have a hydrostatic skeleton.
Cnidarians have a nervous system, including simple sense organs .
Cnidarians have a radially symmetrical body shape with a mouth surrounded by rings of tentacles.
Cnidarians have a true mouth and digestive cavity, but no anus.
Cnidarians have an ectoderm and endoderm, both of which are germ layers.
Cnidarians have body cavities.
Cnidarians have both sexual and asexual forms of reproduction.
Cnidarians have both sexual and asexual reproduction cycles.
Cnidarians have cavities.
Cnidarians have many specialized features, including tentacles, stinging cells, and net nerves.
Cnidarians have more than three true tissue layers.
Cnidarians have mouths.
Cnidarians have radial symmetry and are sessile or free-floating as adults.
Cnidarians have stinging cells, called nematocysts, which are used for defense.
Cnidarians have stinging organelles called nematocysts and has polymorphism.
Cnidarians have stinging organelles, unlike Ctenophores.
Cnidarians have two basic body forms, medusa and polyp.
Cnidarians have two basic body forms.
Cnidarians have two forms.
Cnidarians have two general body plans.
Cnidarians have two possible body types a medusa and a polyp.
Cnidarians inhabit environments.
Cnidarians lack organs and posses a primitive nervous system known as a neural net.
Cnidarians possess only one digestive opening, which serves as both the mouth and the anus.
Cnidarians possess radial symmetry and can be divided like a pizza, all slices being equal.
Cnidarians possess special cells called cnidocytes that are especially abundant in the tentacles.
Cnidarians reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Cnidarians reproduce in different ways depending on whether they are polyps as adults, or medusae.
Cnidarians use asexual and sexual reproduction.
Cnidarians use tentacles with stinging cells called nematocysts to capture food.
Cnidarians use their nema- tocysts primarily to capture prey.
All cnidarians are acoelomate.
All cnidarians are carnivorous, with cnidae and tentacles active in prey capture.
All cnidarians have a mouth in the center of their bodies, surrounded by tentacles.
All cnidarians have tentacles which are located around their mouths and contain stinging cells.
All cnidarians share several attributes, supporting the theory that they had a single origin.
All cnidarians share similar characteristics.
Many cnidarians are able to propagate asexually, for example by budding in Hydra.
Most cnidarians are carnivorous and feed on small crustaceans.
Most cnidarians are dioecious.
Most cnidarians are marine, although a few, such as the well-known hydra, are freshwater species.
Most cnidarians have body cavities.
Most cnidarians have cavities.
Most cnidarians have mouths.
Most cnidarians inhabit environments.
Most cnidarians reproduce by budding.
Some cnidarians alternate between polypoid and medusoid forms during their life cycle.
Some cnidarians are polymorphic, having two body plans during their life cycle.
Some cnidarians divide in two.
Some cnidarians feed on shrimp.
Some cnidarians have adults.
Some cnidarians have considerable economic importance.
Some cnidarians have considerable importance.
Some cnidarians have contractile fiber.
Some cnidarians have ecological significance.
Some cnidarians have economic importance.
Some cnidarians have either medusa or polyp stages, or both, in their life cycles.
Some cnidarians have fiber.
Some cnidarians have importance.
Some cnidarians have particular ecological significance.
Some cnidarians have particular significance.
Some cnidarians have sacs.
Some cnidarians have sessile adults.
Some cnidarians have significance.
Some cnidarians have surfaces.
Some cnidarians possess tissue.
Some cnidarians prey on fish.
Some cnidarians rely on diffusion.
Some cnidarians rely on simple diffusion.
Some cnidarians share attributes.
Some cnidarians use methods.
Some cnidarians use molecular methods.
CNOR certification is preferred.
All CNPS members are welcome to attend.
CNTech publications are currently unavailable due to reorganization of the collection.
CNTF genotype is associated with muscular strength and quality in humans across the adult age span.
Co poison affects individuals.
Co poisoning occurs in homes.
Coach awards remain the same.
Some coach builders add the air bags as standard equipment.
Coach class is offered on all flights.
Coach class is ok for shorter train trips.
Coach class is substituted.
Coach drivers are professionals.
Most coach drivers give a commentary en route.
Coach food is a little lower on the food chain.
Coach guns are close quarter defensive weapons used to fire either shot or a round ball.
Coach houses provide comfort.
Coach houses provide stately comfort.
Most coach houses provide comfort.
Most coach houses provide stately comfort.
Coach seats are actually fairly nice.
Coach seats are roomy and, of course, reclining.
Coach service is available by arrangement with various tour operators.
Coach service is available by prior arrangement with tour operators.
Coach service is available on request and taxis are also available.
Coach services are also available via connections.
Coach services are available for inter-city travelling.
Coach services are available to the city, Gold Coast, Sunshine Coast and major hotels.
Coach services link all the main Zimbabwe centres.
Coach services link Rossaveal with Galway city.
Coach services operate to Brisbane and a number of other country centres.
Coach tours are available.
Coach tours operate from various centres along the Gold Coast.
Coach tours provide an excellent means of exploring the area.
Coach tours swarm down the lanes dividing the rows of graves.
Most coach tours are subject to a minimum number of bookings.
Coach training is available and required.
Coach training is provided and is a great way to be with our child.
A coach is a trainer
Coach acts as server and rolls balls to give realistic serve slightly in favour of goalkeeper.
Coach asks if there are any more questions.
Coach bridges the gap A black football coach in Hattiesburg, Miss., unites a community.
Coach calls a blitz.
Coach calls it a go-to team.
Coach calls it turning a lemon into lemonade.
Coach calls out times.
Coach calls the direction, right or left.
Coach cares about the players' well-being more than about the wins and losses.
Coach comes into the locker room.
Coach coordinates students' consensus on the final problem statement.
Coach covers first six entries.
Coach defines what is considered a successful pass.
Coach does things for a reason.
Coach encourages experimentation vs. accuracy.
Coach hire for large parties is also available.
Coach hits ball to either player.
Coach holds ball at whatever location and height chosen.
Coach isa trainer.
Coach leaves downtown Salt Lake City for airport.
Coach leaves first thing in the morning.
Coach likes playing basketball, volleyball, and baseball.
Coach looks surprised.
Coach loves coaching.
Coach meets with participants, parents and fans.
Coach passes ball ahead.
Coach passes out to simulate rebound, and player shoots.
Coach picks up and drops off at hostel.
Coach puts ball in play.
Coach refers to both internal and external professional coaches.
Coach relates to kids very well.
Coach reports the results to our events as the team listens.
Coach rolls ball toward the bat.
Coach says team is better than last year's version.
Coach serves ball in and players try to score.
Coach shoots a ball and all players crash the boards for the rebound.
Coach sounds positive, loving and nurturing.
Coach specializes in the fundamentals.
Coach stands at net but off-court.
Coach stands behind the vaulter.
Coach stands on blue star and points which direction to go from center ice.
Coach starts off on a gradient giving the student wins.
Coach takes kid out of game, dad takes kid out of baseball.
Coach takes on sports talk radio.
Coach throws a ball left or right causing the player to layout to make the catch.
Coach toss ball into play to allow team to practice running through rotations.
Coach tosses a ball high outside.
Coach tosses a ball over the crossbar to about the penalty spot.
Coach tosses a ball over to simulate block.
Coach tosses a ball to the hitter.
Coach tosses a high outside set.
Coach tosses ball over blockers and hitters react and attack ball.
Coach tosses balls to the setter.
Coach tosses balls.
Coach tours Many companies offer completely escorted coach tours, varying in length and itinerary.
Coach watches video of player over and over and over, sees something special, takes a chance.
Coach weighs in on a couple of sports-related lawsuits, and the presidential race.
Coaches abandon programs for bigger contracts.
Coaches act as facilitators, leaving the problem solving to the team.
Coaches act as mentors, consultants, best friends and confidents.
Coaches act as mentors, consultants, best friends, and confidants.
Coaches act only as facilitators.
Coaches advise, offer ideas, teach skills, present an overview, suggest resources and nurture.
Coaches affect teams both pro and con.
Coaches agree it is the best night of the year.
Coaches agree to work in the program for one year, dedicating a few hours to the students each week.
Coaches aid young teachers.
Coaches alone have very little control in helping cure an athlete with an eating disorder.
Coaches already evaluate runners by how well they train and look in practice and races.
Coaches also attend the information meetings held in their area.
Coaches also become very critical of young officials who are learning the game.
Coaches also enjoy the level of talent in the league, be it pro or amateur.
Coaches also focus on spiritual aspects.
Coaches also have a responsibility to share the knowledge and practical experience they gain.
Coaches also have important points of view on why they are involved in women's fastpitch softball.
Coaches also help clients with feelings of being overwhelmed.
Coaches also move for financial reasons.
Coaches also provide structure.
Coaches also provides free popcorn.
Coaches also rotate the coaching duties at our tournaments.
Coaches also run to and from most major UK cities.
Coaches also run to the market square from a number of city centres.
Coaches also say they believe it has made recruiting more difficult.
Coaches also take a look at the past season.
Coaches also train school staff to evaluate the school program.
Coaches also visit from other parts of the country and overseas.
Coaches also work with one another to continuously improve their practice.
Coaches are a notoriously never-satisfied lot.
Coaches are a strange breed.
Coaches are a strong aspect of a well balanced team.
Coaches are able to drive to and park on-site to minimize excessive walking.
Coaches are able to work with rowers individually in the tank, accelerating individual progress.
Coaches are about human development.
Coaches are adept at working with the tools at hand and finding solutions with what's available.
Coaches are air-conditioned and offer a high standard of comfort.
Coaches are air-conditioned and very comfortable.
Coaches are all over the players and players are on each other big time.
Coaches Are Already Involved .
Coaches are also responsible for equipment issuance and collection for student-athletes.
Coaches are also responsible for the behavior of the spectators on their sideline.
Coaches are also welcome.
Coaches are always available to advise employees or just to listen when it is needed.
Coaches are always available to confer with parents regarding their child's progress.
Coaches are always on the alert for opportunities to reinforce values and skills.
Coaches are always on the field, and the games are stopped to make the necessary corrections.
Coaches are always proud of their troops after the fellas win the big game.
Coaches are ambassadors of their programs, their institutions, and the sport of lacrosse.
Coaches are among the most influential people in a young athlete's life.
Coaches are an important key to the success of the disabled child athlete.
Coaches are an important resource for the entire school community.
Coaches are an integral part of any manager's team, especially if they are good pinochle players.
Coaches are an integral part.
Coaches are available by arrangement through tour operators.
Coaches are available for groups of any size, for travel throughout Canada.
Coaches are available for larger groups.
Coaches are available to help with presentation, report-writing and interpersonal skills.
Coaches are beneficial for employees with a variety of learning disabilities.
Coaches are better equipped.
Coaches are both enemies and friends.
Coaches are coaches, but there's only a certain amount that they can do.
Coaches are collaborators able to build on the strengths of the entire school community.
Coaches are college assistant coaches, high school coaches, and college players.
Coaches are committed to developing other people's capabilities.
Coaches are creatures of habit.
Coaches are directly responsible to ensure that each evolution is conducted safely.
Coaches are eager to get out in that sunshine and teach.
Coaches are either members or tennis pros at four of the five facilities.
Coaches are either toast-rack or of traditional timber effect construction.
Coaches are ever only as successful as their clients are in reaching their goals.
Coaches are everywhere.
Coaches are experts at getting ahead in life while helping others succeed at the same time.
Coaches are fickle that way.
Coaches are first and foremost role models and teachers.
Coaches are for anyone interested in having more.
Coaches are free to move like tumbleweeds, and they do.
Coaches are free to video tape competitions.
Coaches are good salespeople.
Coaches are good, too.
Coaches are great.
Coaches are hams.
Coaches are happy with the performances of all three.
Coaches are hesitant to pick a favorite, pretty much because that is impossible.
Coaches are hot.
Coaches are in place and have attended training.
Coaches are in the public eye.
Coaches are in the recruiting all year long.
Coaches are influential.
Coaches are innovative interactive tutorials.
Coaches are instructors.
Coaches are inter-city buses.
Coaches are key to a positive experience for young people, and good coaching requires training.
Coaches are key to football and fiscal success .
Coaches are kind of sticklers about it.
Coaches are less confortable but they have even a lower rate.
Coaches are limited to three such contacts.
Coaches are managers.
Coaches are mentors.
Coaches are more hands-on with individual instruction.
Coaches are much cheaper and very frequent although they take considerably longer.
Coaches are notorious for stealing other coaches' ideas.
Coaches are now in the process of making their list of possible recruits to bring in for a visit.
Coaches are often parents who volunteer their time.
Coaches are often reluctant to share their players with coaches from other sports.
Coaches are often the brunt of fans' complaints.
Coaches are on hand to instruct.
Coaches are on the field to assist players.
Coaches are on the field to help the players and make sure they are going the right direction.
Coaches are one of the safest form of road passenger transport.
Coaches are one.
Coaches are only human.
Coaches are parents and other adult volunteers.
Coaches are positive.
Coaches are present to facilitate any objectives or to answer questions.
Coaches are professionally-certified, with national show and competition experience.
Coaches are professionals.
Coaches are really teachers.
Coaches are responsible for appropriate AYSO decorum of parents and spectators on their sidelines.
Coaches are responsible for assistant coaches', players', fans', and their own behavior.
Coaches are responsible for being familiar with all of the rules and procedures.
Coaches are responsible for booking their own accommodations.
Coaches are responsible for certifying that competing crews have made weight.
Coaches are responsible for checking the results after the race is posted.
Coaches are responsible for covering any deposits.
Coaches are responsible for driving on trips related to their sports.
Coaches are responsible for ensuring compliance with eligibility requirements.
Coaches are responsible for general supervision of their teams during the camp.
Coaches are responsible for knowing their team's game times.
Coaches are responsible for letting the team know the game schedules.
Coaches are responsible for notification of players on their teams.
Coaches are responsible for picking up their awards packet.
Coaches are responsible for reviewing it.
Coaches are responsible for submitting copies of new certifications as old ones expire.
Coaches are responsible for taking their game card to their next game.
Coaches are responsible for team and parental behavior.
Coaches are responsible for the accuracy of their data.
Coaches are responsible for the actions of both players and fans.
Coaches are responsible for the actions of their players, assistant coach, parents and spectators.
Coaches are responsible for the behavior of their athletes for the entire day.
Coaches are responsible for the behavior of their fans.
Coaches are responsible for the behavior of their spectators and players.
Coaches are responsible for the behavior of their team members.
Coaches are responsible for the behavior of their team's fans.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct and control of spectators, parents, and team members.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct and discipline of their own players.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of participants on their respective teams.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of the players, team officials and spectators.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of their players, parents and guests on the sidelines.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of their players, parents and spectators.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of their players, Parents and spectators.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of their players.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of their sideline.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of their swimmers and families.
Coaches are responsible for the conduct of their swimmers and for cleaning up their team areas.
Coaches are responsible for the effectiveness of their training methods.
Coaches are responsible for the enforcement of sports rules and guidelines.
Coaches are responsible for their own behavior as well as their student-athletes.
Coaches are responsible for their players, parents and guests on the sideline.
Coaches are responsible for their sidelines.
Coaches are responsible for their team and fan behavior.
Coaches are responsible for waiting with the athlete until the parent arrives.
Coaches are responsible for writing-up the game results.
Coaches are responsible risk-takers.
Coaches are responsible to check with the head umpire for game rescheduling.
Coaches are responsible to make sure that the fields are prepared for play.
Coaches are responsible to see that their players and team meet all eligibility requirements.
Coaches are right now preparing the teams for their outdoor season.
Coaches are role models who are dedicated to their sport, students, and success.
Coaches are skilled listeners and can help teens find their own solutions.
Coaches are slower than trains, but much cheaper.
Coaches are so open and are really excited for students to learn.
Coaches are someone to look up to.
Coaches are teachers and have a huge responsibility.
Coaches are teachers and role models, fostering positive attitudes, teamwork and respect for rules.
Coaches are teachers who know their material well, and know their students equally well.
Coaches are teachers.
Coaches are the cart.
Coaches are the delivery system of educational athletics, and they deliver well .
Coaches are the manager's support staff.
Coaches are the people who assist the manager.
Coaches are the reason some schools have a more educationally based program than others.
Coaches are the reason some schools have better sportsmanship than others.
Coaches are the reason some schools win more than others.
Coaches are the same way.
Coaches are the ultimate ally.
Coaches are the unsung heroes of a demanding academic undertaking.
Coaches are to meet with official at scorer's table to discuss call.
Coaches are to put emphasis on skills, techniques, and sportsmanship.
Coaches are to remain on the sideline near the middle of the field.
Coaches are to remain seated at all times.
Coaches are to save old game balls for use as practice balls.
Coaches are to verify their swimmers and scratch events as appropriate.
Coaches are too protective and polite to say.
Coaches are trainers.
Coaches are unable to vote for their own players.
Coaches are unavailable to speak during their respective sport's seasons.
Coaches are unpaid volunteers who put in a lot of time and effort on behalf of their players.
Coaches are usually more openly critical than the players.
Coaches are usually over sized for the group as the extra room can be more comfortable.
Coaches are very demanding when it comes to remembering things.
Coaches are very interested in their team members academic success.
Coaches are very special people.
Coaches are vital for businesses.
Coaches are volunteers or team parents.
Coaches are volunteers trying to make optimal use of a limited amount of ice time.
Coaches are volunteers.
Coaches are wary of having their players practice wearing pads.
Coaches are welcome by arrangement.
Coaches are welcome to attend all sessions.
Coaches are welcome to attend with their players.
Coaches are welcome to attend with their skaters.
Coaches are welcome to attend.
Coaches are welcome to view training sessions with prior approval.
Coaches are welcome to work or observe camp and games at all times.
Coaches are welcome with ample parking.
Coaches are welcome.
Coaches are willing to bend.
Coaches are willing to change their athletes' grades.
Coaches arrive in the main bus station of the city.
Coaches ask a lot of their point guards.
Coaches ask questions.
Coaches ask the darnedest questions, and the answers can sometimes turn a career around.
Coaches ask their players to leave it all on the field.
Coaches assemble student teams.
Coaches assess knowledge.
Coaches assist companies.
Coaches assist growth companies.
Coaches assist students in making connections with and from collected information.
Coaches assist students in taking measurements and making observations.
Coaches assist the manager.
Coaches assist with game plan.
Coaches attempt to group swimmers by age and ability.
Coaches attempt to hold one practice per week.
Coaches attend a lot of summer events.
Coaches attend matches to help with the smooth execution of Micro match play.
Coaches attract people who are ready to have it all and still be themselves.
Coaches avoid emotional attachments, and they're trained to separate themselves from outcomes.
Coaches balance free skiing with learning race tactics and techniques.
Coaches become eligible as soon as they leave the sidelines, and administrators can still be active.
Coaches become highly educated about their sport.
Coaches become involved with their clients in setting individual goals and objectives.
Coaches befriend coaches.
Coaches begin careers.
Coaches beginner through advanced skaters.
Coaches believe that humans are great and have much more potential than they realize.
Coaches believe that in many respects, competitive swimming is a preparation for life.
Coaches believe that personal and business matters definitely influence each other.
Coaches benefit from knowing that they have the resources to be the best in their field.
Coaches bring a fresh outside perspective, give truthful feedback, and help clarify strategies.
Coaches bring their extensive prior professional know-how in other fields to their practice.
Coaches bring Tourists, in addition to many visitors who arrive in their own vehicles.
Coaches build workouts to improve endurance, strength and speed.
Coaches call for details.
Coaches call it a distraction.
Coaches call no plays and give no advice.
Coaches can actively participate.
Coaches can add and update teams and athletes at no cost.
Coaches can add their own fighters.
Coaches can advise, but that's it.
Coaches can also be useful in helping to set meaningful goals for the culture change initiative.
Coaches can also champion their clients.
Coaches can also learn relationship building skills from sports counselors.
Coaches can also research scores and season records or look up conference standings.
Coaches can arrange their own practice schedule.
Coaches can ascertain when students are ready to execute a jump on the mountain.
Coaches can assign a certain number of passes or a time limit to the drill.
Coaches can attend conferences and workshops on how to become a more positive influence on kids.
Coaches can be a cocky lot, but insecurity is often the watchword after a tough loss.
Coaches can be another source of pressure.
Coaches can be like little kids.
Coaches can be that external motivating factor that allows people to do things on purpose.
Coaches can be very creative with all the formulas that exist.
Coaches can become emotionally and physically abusive to their players.
Coaches can begin contacting players in person and by phone one week from today.
Coaches can call timeouts at any time, provided they can get the official's attention.
Coaches can choose the night they wish to play until the eight slots have been filled.
Coaches can coach and athletes can practice.
Coaches can coach to win.
Coaches can come from any background.
Coaches can come from inside or outside of the company.
Coaches can come from many sources.
Coaches can communicate that they like a player perhaps more easily by smiling than any other way.
Coaches can control to some extent external factors the the use of drills and time.
Coaches can decide on various scoring systems depending on the time available.
Coaches can divide financial aid among any number of athletes.
Coaches can do basic outcome studies to test the efficacy of their work.
Coaches can do motiviation, match is won by the team.
Coaches can do that.
Coaches can download and print information for files and recruiting trips.
Coaches can earn more points than at a World Series qualifier.
Coaches can easily recognize all the best players.
Coaches can easily share data over the Internet .
Coaches can experiment now.
Coaches can facilitate the development of social competence through the use of positive feedback.
Coaches can finally relax and have fun too.
Coaches can find drills, tips and resources to improve their enjoyment of the game.
Coaches can get together in a non-combative atmosphere.
Coaches can get way ahead of themselves sometimes.
Coaches can give instruction or communicate with participants only from green to tee.
Coaches can give their opinions on any matters they wish concerning amateur boxing.
Coaches can hang the poster in the locker room and give handouts to students to take home.
Coaches can help a client define their function in various roles.
Coaches can help athletes develop the goals and focus which makes living the dream possible.
Coaches can help athletes maximise their inner resources and maximise their performance.
Coaches can help clarify goals and be a cheerleader for their clients.
Coaches can keep up with their top prospects on a daily basis.
Coaches can learn valuable information about treating and preventing sports injuries.
Coaches can leave a program for more money.
Coaches can make big money.
Coaches can monitor student activity and determine which students have taken which tests.
Coaches can only do so much.
Coaches can only train when all else has been explored and mastered.
Coaches can only visit the school a maximum of once per week.
Coaches can only work with someone who is already up to great things, but still wants more.
Coaches can optionally view games through a graphical representation of a stadium scoreboard.
Coaches can participate in regional clinics, and teams are eligible for post-season bowl programs.
Coaches can plan, teach, analyze and communicate more effectively.
Coaches can point out periods of inactivity or inconsistent play.
Coaches can prevent nearly every bench or player technical foul from occurring.
Coaches can provide inspiration and information, analysis and applause, support and sympathy.
Coaches can publish game summaries on the site with pictures.
Coaches can put a stop to that.
Coaches can recruit athletes and cultivate audiences for their sports.
Coaches can register by e-mail mail or fax.
Coaches can run their own offense and defense at the afternoon session.
Coaches can schedule times.
Coaches can search our database by player name, position, grad year, height, weight and more.
Coaches can serve as mentors to students who have personal or family problems.
Coaches can simulate a full season in less than ten minutes on one of today's low-end computers.
Coaches can spend time teaching, developing and supporting instead of plotting how to win.
Coaches can sponsor more than one team.
Coaches can stay in contact with all the parents of players on their team.
Coaches can stop a game to chat with the pitcher or hitter.
Coaches can submit a letter to request a free Louisville bat, and a possible year-long sponsorship.
Coaches can submit articles.
Coaches can submit questions to the newsletter staff.
Coaches can subscribe to be able to search for students.
Coaches can take folding wheelchairs.
Coaches can talk themselves until they are blue in the face, but players have to want to do it.
Coaches can teach effective communication just like they teach basketball plays.
Coaches can teamchat, issue timeouts, teamready, etc.
Coaches can understand where parents are coming from.
Coaches can update skills in equipment care and management with an emphasis on player safety.
Coaches can use it as a powerful tool to teach many students at once.
Coaches can use password to login and view school information.
Coaches can use the lessons for their league.
Coaches can usu-ally serve harder and more accurately than any of their players.
Coaches can view all usernames and passwords of students on the team.
Coaches can wear two possibly incompatible hats.
Coaches cancel final round due to cold weather.
Coaches cease to worry about strategies.
Coaches certainly identify with the struggle of getting funds for capital equipment needs.
Coaches change just like any other people.
Coaches charge for telephone conferences.
Coaches charge for their services.
Coaches check their egos at the door.
Coaches choose one athlete to represent their school.
Coaches choose the sessions they want to attend, sometimes moving from one level to another.
Coaches cite such insecurity to justify their huge salaries.
Coaches click here for more details.
Coaches coach from the sideline.
Coaches coach harder.
Coaches coach right on the fields with the kids.
Coaches coach, and players play.
Coaches comb the countryside to find the next generation of potential stars.
Coaches come and go.
Coaches come to the new teachers' classrooms to observe and to give feedback.
Coaches come with or without canopies.
Coaches complain about defense in the pre-season.
Coaches consider it too risky.
Coaches constantly push short training periods.
Coaches constantly stress that there is no room for individual heroes.
Coaches continually receive updates on their students' progress in the classroom.
Coaches continue to Miao for entry in to the park.
Coaches continue up to Miao for entry into the park.
Coaches control the criteria and the selections.
Coaches cooperate to get the needs of their script met.
Coaches cover the fundamentals, teachers review the basics, and the students moan.
Coaches decide the playing time of players.
Coaches defend such practices by insisiting they are trying to do what is best for troubled players.
Coaches deliver their most inspiring pep talks.
Coaches demand exemplary sportsmanship and proper etiquette.
Coaches depart from outside the garda station, opposite the tourist office.
Coaches depart to the city.
Coaches depersonalize problems and focus on facts.
Coaches deserve respect, too.
Coaches design and implement activities that improve the knowledge and skills of all participants.
Coaches determine the practice times, days and location for practices.
Coaches determine who receives varsity letters and the criteria for receiving an award.
Coaches develop a certain loyalty to the veterans, a loyalty which players usually appreciate.
Coaches develop a personal partnership with clients.
Coaches develop proper protocols.
Coaches develop protocols.
Coaches develop sets that are tailored to match the swimmer and the swimmer's needs.
Coaches develop the character of sailors and set the level of rules compliance.
Coaches devote hours into preparation and teams practice two or three nights a week.
Coaches differ wildly in their preparations for bowls.
Coaches discuss game strategy during warm-ups.
Coaches discuss what judges look for in a gymnast's technique and form.
Coaches do a great job.
Coaches do an outstanding job.
Coaches do checkouts.
Coaches do essentially the same thing.
Coaches do it for the love of the sport.
Coaches do it.
Coaches do no officiating or game score keeping.
Coaches do no officiating or game scoring.
Coaches do that all the time.
Coaches do that and parents want that.
Coaches does anyone know a way of teaching players to screen and receive screens consistently.
Coaches don t know what to do.
Coaches dread being snookered by other coaches.
Coaches dream about a player like that.
Coaches drill into their players the idea of remembering and using the fundamentals.
Coaches enjoy evening hospitality and golf outing.
Coaches enjoy evening hospitality.
Coaches enjoy working with motivated clients.
Coaches evaluate their players every day.
Coaches even complain that phone calls to recruits become public knowledge.
Coaches even teach occasional classes so as to establish themselves as teachers.
Coaches everywhere seem to think so.
Coaches examine the importance of season and practice planning and how to construct effective plans.
Coaches expect their players to communicate with each other on the field.
Coaches explain the rules and teach students strategy.
Coaches face their own set of problems both on and off the court.
Coaches facilitate problem solving.
Coaches fall in love with certain formations the same way many people choose their spouses.
Coaches feel free to split kids into two different teams.
Coaches feel they have some depth at the position.
Coaches find a system that works, and they stick to it.
Coaches find all the technological tools needed.
Coaches find work.
Coaches focus on human resource management.
Coaches focus on management.
Coaches focus on resource management.
Coaches focus on supporting the client in getting maximum effectiveness.
Coaches follow four routes and stop at, or near, hotels on both sides of the harbour .
Coaches follow the express section.
Coaches follow through and expect hard work and discipline.
Coaches gain invaluable experience while taking an active part in shaping the future of their city.
Coaches generally display their worst antics on the road.
Coaches generally have a tough time getting the players to talk.
Coaches get a better handle of where their team stands.
Coaches get in hot water enough at their players' homes in the best of situations.
Coaches get off the hook when they leave the school.
Coaches get on their players more in practice in order to achieve results.
Coaches get tips on helping athletes stay focussed during games or athletic events.
Coaches getting smashed over the head with chairs while talking is interesting.
Coaches give kids the facts and follow up with tips for staying cancer-free.
Coaches give most of their hand signals to the beer vendors.
Coaches give unconditional support, guidance, and encouragement.
Coaches go beyond consulting.
Coaches go Free.
Coaches go from London and all over the county.
Coaches go through a certification process and their names are placed in a national data bank.
Coaches guide to sport law .
Coaches guide to sport psychology .
Coaches guide to sport psychology.
Coaches guide to teaching sport skills .
Coaches guide to teaching sport skills.
Coaches hang their hats on being able to adjust and out-think their opponent.
Coaches hate that.
Coaches have (part) arms.
Coaches have (part) body substances.
Coaches have (part) cell membranes.
Coaches have (part) cells.
Coaches have (part) corpi.
Coaches have (part) cytoplasm.
Coaches have (part) heads.
Coaches have (part) human bodies.
Coaches have (part) legs.
Coaches have (part) material bodies.
Coaches have (part) necks.
Coaches have (part) nuclei.
Coaches have (part) personality.
Coaches have (part) plasma membranes.
Coaches have (part) sections.
Coaches have (part) vacuoles.
Coaches have a duty to protect children from harm and abuse.
Coaches have a hell of a time getting the wrestlers to wear their head gear.
Coaches have a job to do and that is to get players to come to their teams.
Coaches have a short shelf life.
Coaches have alot of impact on the lives of the kids they coach.
Coaches have an awesome responsibility and opportunity to influence lives.
Coaches have an easier time keeping track of players when they stand out.
Coaches have an extra month to recharge their batteries for the next season.
Coaches have another week to get athletes during the early signing period.
Coaches have disabled facilities.
Coaches have easier ways to accomplish things.
Coaches have favourite sets which they use regularly to assess the current status of their swimmers.
Coaches have great leeway to coach with the bench decorum rule.
Coaches have it all wrong.
Coaches have little time to stay up with boat maintenance during the long intercollegiate seasons.
Coaches have long memories and plenty of old film.
Coaches have more leg room for extra comfort during long distance travel.
Coaches have no agenda but that of their clients.
Coaches have no axes to grind.
Coaches have no exclusive corner on the market either.
Coaches have no options on the above.
Coaches have options.
Coaches have other reasons for eschewing playbooks.
Coaches have players.
Coaches have red livery.
Coaches have so many good ways to help their team without resorting to all of that stuff.
Coaches have the option of having a coach or player catcher.
Coaches have the power to motivate, stimulate, and positively influence youth through sports.
Coaches have the power to suspend players.
Coaches have the responsibility of reviewing an athlete s eligibility at progress report time.
Coaches have the ultimate responsibility of making sure their swimmers are properly attired.
Coaches have their client's best interest as a first priority.
Coaches have to accept the choreographer's role in the world of athletics.
Coaches have to be creative.
Coaches have to be honest and realistic in performance analysis and when suggesting goals.
Coaches have to develop trust in players.
Coaches have to fit the organization.
Coaches have to learn more and teach more and think more.
Coaches have to look at why that's so.
Coaches have to order the meals in advance with the enclosed form.
Coaches have to park on the road adjacent to the factory.
Coaches have to perform an amazing balancing act between football and family.
Coaches have to put in a lot of work during the course of the season.
Coaches have to sell tradition and academics.
Coaches have to stay on top of the players or they tend to wander.
Coaches have to take part of the credit for that.
Coaches have to take the blame for mistakes that keep an inferior team in the game.
Coaches have to teach what they know.
Coaches have to win, and so they have to put their best players on the floor most of the time.
Coaches have two comfortable reclining seats on each side of the aisle and fold-out tray tables.
Coaches help a client get all three, quickly.
Coaches help a client get all three.
Coaches help beginning teachers to develop their own styles of classroom management.
Coaches help clients and vise versa.
Coaches help drive skills.
Coaches help full potential.
Coaches help people from all walks of life and each relationship is unique.
Coaches help people grow, from the inside.
Coaches help people.
Coaches help potential.
Coaches help problems.
Coaches help skills.
Coaches help teams.
Coaches help time.
Coaches help young players develop skills for handling game related or social situations.
Coaches here have to decide how far to push the seriousness level.
Coaches hire the medical help necessary to take care of their athletes.
Coaches hold passengers.
Coaches hold their clients accountable to make sure they live up to their potential.
Coaches hope that's the case again.
Coaches hope to get a clear indication of the senior's status by tonight.
Coaches hope to have their top six players peaking by the time of the qualifying tournaments.
Coaches identify and build upon strengths.
Coaches identify hidden patterns that prevent high quality, collaborative relationships.
Coaches insist tampering is rampant and players are constantly recruited when they play summer ball.
Coaches instruct that fatigue and frustration are no excuse for personal fouls.
Coaches instruct their athletes to treat opponents and officials with respect.
Coaches introduce technical concepts into the freeskiing environment.
Coaches invest time in players who are quick learners.
Coaches involve in sports.
Coaches involve the chaplain in team retreats.
Coaches is open every day of the week for lunch and dinner.
Coaches join staff and attend free.
Coaches join teams.
Coaches just wind up trying to out-think themselves sometimes.
Coaches keep a tighter leash on their feelings.
Coaches keep athletes focused on bigger prize.
Coaches keep current with new concepts, player development ideas and our featured Practice Games.
Coaches keep the three-hour workshops focused, humorous and informational.
Coaches keep their own book and confirm with discuss with official scorer any discrepancies.
Coaches know all about how difficult it is to beat an opponent three times in one season.
Coaches know different.
Coaches know importance.
Coaches know it.
Coaches know that players change their minds all the way up to signing day.
Coaches know that refs pay attention to the media, so it's part of a coach's job.
Coaches know they have to mould the brilliant individuals into a team.
Coaches learn from other coaches, and are usually averse to real innovation.
Coaches Learn how to become certified to coach a variety of sports.
Coaches learn how to instruct their players to become better ball players.
Coaches learn the process and the team dynamics that make it work.
Coaches learn the signs of drug use and review one successful intervention program.
Coaches learn to emphasize more than just winning.
Coaches learn valuable leadership skills.
Coaches leave promptly at the advertised time and return in the early evening of the same day.
Coaches leave their egos at home.
Coaches leave when they are full.
Coaches lecture their players on citizenship.
Coaches like to see hustle all the time.
Coaches like to take off promptly from the stadium area.
Coaches like to talk about sports building character.
Coaches list their athletes who competed and results.
Coaches listen completely.
Coaches live on the floors providing constant supervision.
Coaches lobby for their stars.
Coaches look around, see girls stretching for practice, and wonder where the rest of the team is.
Coaches look at hours of film, trying to find something, anything, they can use to their advantage.
Coaches look for grounders that burn.
Coaches look for leadership like few other traits.
Coaches look for sound fundamentals.
Coaches look for strengths.
Coaches look for talent at college all-star games and recommendations from other coaches.
Coaches love big.
Coaches love it, because they can practice during that time.
Coaches love the Butyl bladder for unmatched air retention as the ball never goes down.
Coaches love the ones whose insecurities are large enough to manipulate easily.
Coaches love tight defence and the rules right now make defensive hockey the easiest way to go.
Coaches love to alternate defensive ends, depending on the situation.
Coaches love to coach players like that.
Coaches love to push the soft and gutless few who dare to drop on the field.
Coaches love to tell their players to worry about only the things they can control.
Coaches maintain team rules and policies.
Coaches make a three year commitment to their family.
Coaches make both the quantitative and qualitative difference.
Coaches make differences.
Coaches make interventions respectfully to bridge to more collaborative behavior.
Coaches make mistakes, players make mistakes and officials make mistakes.
Coaches make mistakes.
Coaches make observations to use for the next practice.
Coaches make selections for the team on the basis of ability and attitude.
Coaches make the difference between a program of excesses and a program of education.
Coaches make the difference in good and poor leagues.
Coaches measure their behavior, or lack thereof, by looking at the list of penalties.
Coaches meet all incoming flights.
Coaches meet all incoming international and domestic flights.
Coaches meet all international and domestic flights.
Coaches meet all international flights.
Coaches Meet the CRAA coaching staff.
Coaches meet with students and give suggestions and feedback.
Coaches meet with team members prior to the spring events.
Coaches mill about.
Coaches mill around in the lobby area working on jobs, trying to get jobs and talking about jobs.
Coaches move around quite a bit.
Coaches move from squad to squad and introduce a topic, such as the effects of anabolic steroids.
Coaches needs in rest too.
Coaches never know how their teams are going to respond to injuries.
Coaches never quit coaching.
Coaches note that the standards for state qualifying are different than the above awards structure.
Coaches now draw in a lottery-type process to see which weight class weighs in first.
Coaches nowadays preach defense first.
Coaches occupy a middle ground between role models and mentors.
Coaches occupy an enviable position in the hierarchy of things important to young people.
Coaches offer a fresh perspective on the issues that inhibit collaboration and innovation.
Coaches offer a unique combination of business know-how and a kind ear.
Coaches offer instruction to skaters.
Coaches offer solutions.
Coaches offer strategies and plenty of aphorisms.
Coaches offer their services over the telephone, in person and by email.
Coaches Only Find people.
Coaches operate frequently from London and from the airports.
Coaches owe it to the players to make sure they know what they're doing in the weight room.
Coaches owe it to their players to nurture and develop a good relationship with the media.
Coaches park a mile away.
Coaches pay for hotel charges with their AMEX corporate card and obtain reimbursement after trip.
Coaches pay their own way to the games.
Coaches pick up uniforms, schedule books, scorebook, and lineup cards.
Coaches pitch and use the teachable moment as they teach skills of the game.
Coaches pitch the first part of the season and players begin pitching the second half of the season.
Coaches place a top priority on education and training.
Coaches place more emphasis on speed, assuming that the swimmer has already achieved the endurance.
Coaches place the rebound wall return ramp against the rebound board.
Coaches play a critical role in the personal and athletic development of their students.
Coaches play a critical role in the personal as well as athletic development of their athletes.
Coaches play a critical role in the personal as well as the athletic development of the players.
Coaches play a critical role in the personal, as well as, athletic development of their athletes.
Coaches play a very important part in helping athletes set goals.
Coaches play a very important part in the entire college experience.
Coaches play an important part in shaping the lives of young men and women.
Coaches play first team against second team.
Coaches play such a strong role in the fiber of every community.
Coaches poll. . . .
Coaches prepare and train individual athletes and teams for competitive events.
Coaches prepare for almost every scenario in a football game.
Coaches probably approach their scouting reports in a variety of ways.
Coaches produce acceptance of facticity.
Coaches provide an alternative to rail and air, and are sometimes cheaper.
Coaches provide basic athletic instruction.
Coaches provide cues at several key junctures during training.
Coaches provide daily workouts and swimming tips.
Coaches provide direction, encouragement, and motivation to athletes.
Coaches provide instruction.
Coaches provide jobs.
Coaches provide options to consider and exchange ideas.
Coaches provide service to midlands towns and to Cradle Mountain .
Coaches provide specific 'how to' information to help a user over a minor hurdle.
Coaches provide the respected leadership and skill expertise that each participant needs.
Coaches provide the sports skills and spirit that define a true athlete.
Coaches provide their employees with context and a big picture perspective.
Coaches pupils for exams.
Coaches range from high school and college coaches to current college players.
Coaches realize it is often out of their control.
Coaches realize that most athletes dont have time to work during the season.
Coaches really appreciate a positive hard worker.
Coaches receive a minimal stipend.
Coaches receive a stipend and extensive training.
Coaches receive instruction in coaching philosophy, injury care and prevention, and team management.
Coaches receive monthly calendars of the tutorial sessions offered.
Coaches receive recommendations from club and high school coaches, alumni and other college coaches.
Coaches receive supplements based on experience.
Coaches receive training and a stipend.
Coaches recommend names of students who meet the criteria and are most worthy to receive an award.
Coaches recommend players for the rep teams.
Coaches recruit players.
Coaches reserve the right to make changes in the tryout process at their discretion.
Coaches respond positively to referee's requests.
Coaches rise at the crack of dawn to hunt for big-city newspapers.
Coaches rotate among quartets which are assigned in different combinations each day.
Coaches rotate throughout the summer.
Coaches rotate to all groups.
Coaches run between all major cities and towns, and to tourist areas such as Cradle Mountain.
Coaches run daily from Brisbane and other centres.
Coaches run daily from Edinburgh via Glasgow with both morning and evening services.
Coaches run direct to the local ski resorts and car rental is also available.
Coaches run hourly on the half-hour.
Coaches run regularly to a large number of European destinations.
Coaches run to all away league and cup matches.
Coaches run to and from most major UK cities.
Coaches run to and from the city.
Coaches say center is one of the most important positions in lacrosse.
Coaches say dressing room harmony is an important element of team karma.
Coaches say games are won by the team who wants it the most.
Coaches say it all the time, but there is so much truth to taking it one day at a time.
Coaches say it.
Coaches say nontraditional seasons help participation and allow more time for coaching and practice.
Coaches say power output monitors are the future of training.
Coaches say that motivation is the key to winning.
Coaches say that they are also working with entrepreneurs in the area of change management.
Coaches say that's the money down.
Coaches say the greatest improvement comes between at team s first and second games.
Coaches say the quality of play has improved dramatically and the competition has gotten tougher.
Coaches schedule most events on weekends and take advantage of block breaks for extended travel.
Coaches search for athletes.
Coaches see enough players to go around.
Coaches see HR moving toward full partnership with other executives.
Coaches see talent.
Coaches see the race breaking into tiers of two.
Coaches see the step that leads to the next level for the player, while the player never does.
Coaches see themselves as generals, their assistants as the officers, the players as the soldiers.
Coaches seem to be the only people who worry about the kicking game and they do it incessantly.
Coaches seem to stay in one place longer.
Coaches seem to try too hard.
Coaches select their lineups, formations and plays before the ball is snapped.
Coaches serve as mentors by providing an ongoing relationship, an aspect of life every child needs.
Coaches serve as program contacts within their local schools and community.
Coaches serve five dayseach year in additional to regular teacher contract days.
Coaches set goals Coaches work with their employees to set goals and deadlines.
Coaches show students moves they can practice.
Coaches simply hope the skills match up to the size.
Coaches specialize in different areas, and they'll coach In the areas where they have experience.
Coaches specialized in a number of different countries and industries are available.
Coaches spend entire games working officials, a euphemism for yelling and taunting.
Coaches spend too much time away from their families at the pro and the college level.
Coaches stand in a very powerful position as leaders of young people.
Coaches start hollering, kids get frustrated, it can be a tough call.
Coaches stay motivated.
Coaches stop en route according to predetermined schedule.
Coaches stress the importance of teamwork, interpersonal communications and self sacrifice.
Coaches subscribe to find the athlete that fits their team's requirements.
Coaches succeed when clients say they ve succeeded.
Coaches support and encourage Coaches are there to support their employees.
Coaches support, encourage, and set high expectations offering appropriate support in the process.
Coaches take a spin on the carousel.
Coaches take an active role by participating alongside student-athletes.
Coaches take parties to the country's tourist camps.
Coaches talk a lot about peaking at the end of the season.
Coaches talk about it all the time.
Coaches talk about team speed almost as much as about running the ball.
Coaches talk about the noise being the equivalent of an extra player on the ice.
Coaches talk through new ideas and approaches to solving problems with their employees.
Coaches talk to other coaches.
Coaches talk to players a lot about their control of the ball and how to improve it.
Coaches talk to their kids all the time about having goals.
Coaches teach and model good work skills while helping people meet employment goals.
Coaches teach full- and halfcourt pressure for a variety of reasons.
Coaches teach or help improve new skills for the athletes for both team and individual sports.
Coaches teach physical game and lane play while specialists teach mental game and equipment.
Coaches teach the students about court procedure and advocacy techniques.
Coaches teach the whole person, and sportsmanship is required.
Coaches teach youngsters the basic fundamentals of their sport.
Coaches tell players to get focused.
Coaches tend to be a stubborn lot, slow to learn, slower still to change.
Coaches tend to be highly individualistic in their approaches to coaching.
Coaches tend to be more positive than critical.
Coaches tend to have specialties.
Coaches tend to model themselves after other successful coaches and administrators.
Coaches tend to stick with the players they inherit.
Coaches tend to vote for their friends and upcoming opponents.
Coaches then mentor their artists and they compete to find the best singer.
Coaches then seek out the appropriate students.
Coaches There is no dedicated coach park.
Coaches tighten the nuts flush with the threaded rod front side ends.
Coaches too are fond of the term.
Coaches travel frequently to sporting events.
Coaches travel to competitions to coach and assist club skaters.
Coaches travel to sites six days a week and year round.
Coaches Try the coaches directory.
Coaches try to keep abreast of the latest innovations.
Coaches try to match lines.
Coaches try to see that each athlete is stimulated with challenge only to the point of success.
Coaches typically visit one or two classrooms each and volunteer from one to four hours per week.
Coaches understand success demands building broad-based cooperative relationships.
Coaches understand that some skaters change coaches while others stay with coaches.
Coaches unleash the power of partnership.
Coaches use film to check on performance and to scout opponents.
Coaches use it to motivate teams.
Coaches use religious speakers to extract better performances from the athletes they coach.
Coaches use similar techniques.
Coaches use spring football to develop young players and set a tone for next year.
Coaches use summer camps to instruct, recruit .
Coaches use techniques.
Coaches use the non-district season to prepare for the district campaign.
Coaches use tools.
Coaches view employees as individuals having different abilities and needs.
Coaches view hundreds of tapes from interested prospects each year.
Coaches volunteer for their own reasons.
Coaches volunteer their own time to give back to both the sport and the community.
Coaches volunteer their time to enrich the extracurricular athletic programme.
Coaches vote for the final seven players on each team.
Coaches vote for the other two picks regardless of position.
Coaches walk a thin line between two extremes.
Coaches walk students through mini-exercises that provide tips on conflict resolution.
Coaches watch players during the start of the viewing period Players show their moves.
Coaches welcome by appointment.
Coaches welcome by prior arrangement.
Coaches whistle while they work.
Coaches win by getting guys to hustle.
Coaches wish they had more time in the spring.
Coaches work in concert with individual classroom teachers to meet specific goals and objectives.
Coaches work in many settings.
Coaches work on building skills and techniques.
Coaches work one on one or in groups with high-risk employees as well as provide wellness programs.
Coaches work to condition swim muscles, build endurance, and improve swim technique.
Coaches work to create shared leadership structures and involve all faculty in major decisions.
Coaches work to develop strengths and to improve weaknesses.
Coaches work together to place each swimmer in the appropriate squad.
Coaches work very hard finding prospects, going to games and following up on leads.
Coaches work weeks.
Coaches work with each small learning community to develop common reading and writing practices.
Coaches work with heavy schedule and out of a certain rhythm.
Coaches work with kids.
Coaches work with many kids.
Coaches work with people to get then from functional to exceptional.
Coaches worldwide can now clear the hurdle of higher education.
Coaches wrestle with drug abuse and gambling among athletes.
Coachs are carriage.
Coachs are located in sporting events.
Coachs are managers.
Coachs are part of football teams.
Coachs are teachers.
Coachs are trainers.
Coachs are vehicles.
Coachs are wagons.
Coachs are workers.
Coach always touches ball to side before playing the ball in to get everyone ready to respond.
Coaches always get on officials.
Coaches always welcome.
Coaches often are transients.
Coaches often bring extra wax, bench, iron and vises.
Coaches often confuse players by being negative about another coach.
Coaches often develop long-standing relationships with middlemen who can steer players their way.
Coaches often exaggerate when asked about the feats of their players.
Coaches often find themselves calming recruits who read inaccurate Web rumors.
Coaches often learn that sometimes different methods can produce similar results.
Coaches often misread players' physical signals.
Coaches often play a significant support role for athletes.
Coaches often prefer to rip players when the team is winning, to prevent complacency.
Coaches often put pressure on themselves to change lives.
Coaches often talk about every team having a different group personality.
Coaches often talk about teams being like a family.
Coaches sometimes get more involved in the game than their kids.
Coaches sometimes think they are a law unto themselves.
Coaches usually end up putting kids where they'll do best.
Coaches usually have to be either at practice or a game immediately after school.
Coaches usually have to downplay rivalry games and emotional wins and losses.
Coaches usually keep their criticism of players behind closed doors.
Coaches usually recruit in places they come from.
Coaches usually referee half a game each.
Coaches usually spend their time talking about defense.
All coaches are also teachers.
All coaches are consultants, few consultants are coaches.
ALL coaches are encourage to attend.
All coaches are full-time coaches.
All coaches are in a daily service, maintenance records are available.
All coaches are modern and have air conditioning.
All coaches are NCCP certified and are encouraged to get sport inservicing.
All coaches are non-smoking.
All coaches are pressure tight and air-conditioned.
All coaches are responsible for picking up trash after the game.
All coaches are teachers but they are hired for their coaching expertise.
All coaches are to sign equipment in and out.
All coaches are volunteers.
All coaches attend training on effective ways to work with children.
All coaches become certified and provide our kids with a quality program.
All coaches can benefit by refresher training in their sport and gaining other skills.
All coaches can email for further information.
All coaches can expect to commit to one practice night per week and one game day during the season.
All coaches can feel an impact.
All coaches complete an application process similar to that of the athlete.
All coaches comply with the latest passenger safety regulations.
All coaches do it from time to time, in their own way.
All coaches feature two restrooms at one end of the car.
All coaches have a wheelchair lift.
All coaches have an extensive background in coaching youths and adults.
All coaches have cellular phone communication.
All coaches have one thing in common, it's that they are ruthlessly results-oriented.
All coaches have radio communication with each other, as well as our offices in Lakeland and Tampa.
All coaches have safety belts fitted in the front and exposed seats.
All coaches have the minimum requirement of a level one rugby league coaching certificate.
All coaches have tremendous memories.
All coaches have two restrooms at one end of the car.
All coaches know a lot of people.
All coaches know football.
All coaches know the excitement that a talented and quick learning gymnast can bring to any program.
All coaches love certain kinds of players.
All coaches love hustle and enthusiasm and hate the opposite.
All coaches receive one day of intensive training.
All coaches receive training prior to meeting with their beginning teachers.
All coaches require a neat appearance in both clothing and personal grooming.
All coaches say the same thing after games.
All coaches share the responsibility of monitoring the study halls.
All coaches stay in the dorms and are easily accessible.
All coaches talk about having compassion for their players.
All coaches talk about it.
All coaches talk to each other about players they have dealt with.
All coaches teach on a voluntary basis.
All coaches try to have their availability posted outside the squad room or office.
All coaches use individual private sessions with the participant.
All coaches work hard.
All coaches work with all players in the club.
Any coach can do it with our coach friendly format.
Any coach can do that, but a good coach tries to get each trainee through the entire workout.
Any coach can organize a team and independently register for a program.
Any coach has to be proud of that.
Every coach does it here from top to bottom.
Every coach faces the ultimate public challenge, communication in crisis.
Every coach has a brain trust of very serious assistants, all of whom carry serious clipboards.
Every coach has a different approach to things.
Every coach has a different coaching style.
Every coach has a different philosophy for viewing games.
Every coach has a particular style that involves different motivational techniques and discipline.
Every coach has a particular style that involves different techniques and disciplines.
Every coach has a position they aim for.
Every coach has a wish list.
Every coach has different philosophies about that.
Every coach has goals to build a national championship team.
Every coach has something uniquely different to offer children.
Every coach has to climb up some type of hill.
Every coach has.
Every coach is a little bit different and acts a certain way.
Every coach is aware of the importance of keeping their players injury free throughout the season.
Every coach is clean, full of gas and water and thoroughly inspected before it leaves.
Every coach is different from a pre-organization standpoint.
Every coach is different, and every coach has something to offer.
Every coach is different.
Every coach is excited about it.
Every coach is non-smoking with roomy and relaxing seats.
Every coach is really concerned about that.
Every coach is road tested and fully evaluated for proper diagnosis.
Every coach is up for selection to the programs requested.
Every coach just harps it up and up and up and up, but it's true.
Every coach keeps a pulse on the team s attitude and conditioning.
Every coach likes that.
Every coach makes mistakes.
Every coach needs a game plan.
Every coach needs to teach three levels of shooting practice.
Every coach owes their players a sincere commitment to continue to improve.
Every coach picks on kickers.
Every coach preaches it.
Every coach says it.
Every coach selects one player per round until their roster is full.
Every coach strives for team chemistry.
Every coach talks about a team putting itself in a position to win.
Every coach talks about playing hard.
Every coach trains Imers differently by placing more emphasis on some strokes and less on others.
Every coach wants a talented point guard to become the team's on-court leader.
Every coach wants to be playing their best basketball at the end of the year.
Every coach wants to win.
Many coaches act as if too much smiling is unsportsmanlike.
Many coaches actively discourage smoking.
Many coaches already have strict policies.
Many Coaches already use the principle of moving the opponent to begin a newaza attack.
Many coaches are also involved in scouting potential athletes.
Many coaches are also involved in scouting.
Many coaches are great at one level of play but have a difficult time transitioning to a higher one.
Many coaches are like that.
Many coaches are positive when things are going well and the team is winning.
Many coaches are very heavy-handed in their approach.
Many coaches ask for payment up-front.
Many coaches believe that winning is the only thing, that it is everything.
Many coaches charge fees that are similar to what therapists charge.
Many coaches encourage athletes to get away with as much grabbing, pulling and holding as they can.
Many coaches face a dilemma about their objectives when they coach.
Many coaches find that it helps to play music while working on ball touches.
Many coaches find the scheduling and phone calls a real burden on top of coaching.
Many coaches have a background in human behavior, psychology, or human development.
Many coaches have incentives tied to ticket sales.
Many coaches have on-board toilets and refreshments.
Many coaches have perfectly amiable relationships with their AD's.
Many coaches have scholarships and other grants available.
Many coaches have strict rules against team members dropping once entered.
Many coaches hold multiple licenses and continue to improve their caliber of competition.
Many coaches hold some indoor practices or clinics during the winter at various local gyms.
Many coaches incorporate the same or a similar set-up for situation practice.
Many coaches keep a mythic distance from the players and let their assistants do the work.
Many coaches laugh at fundamentals at the expense of the team, each player, and even their job.
Many coaches like to switch defenses from a pressing situation.
Many coaches now request their athletes spend summers on campus training and taking classes.
Many coaches offer free sample sessions.
Many coaches overlook the power of the serve.
Many coaches prefer a two-step approach to get to the ball faster.
Many coaches require their athletes to attend study halls during freshman and sophomore year.
Many coaches return to teaching if they leave coaching.
Many coaches run their teams with dictatorial authority.
Many coaches see a nightmare recruiting scenario developing if legislation passes.
Many coaches shy away from giving it to a freshman.
Many coaches strongly urge all of their defensive players to use wooden sticks.
Many coaches suggest spotting the wall.
Many coaches talk about a winning attitude.
Many coaches talk about the importance of mental skills but do very little about it.
Many coaches use dual meets to develop younger athletes.
Many coaches work on a volunteer basis.
Many coaches work part-time, which explains why some wages are low.
More coaches means more feedback, and improved skiing.
More coaches work with athletes in team sports.
Most coaches agree that specific camps for goalkeepers are helpful.
Most coaches agree the proof of performance system is a good thing for the sport.
Most coaches agree, however, there's no substitute in big games for experience.
Most coaches are all too familiar with poor preparation on their players' part.
Most coaches are greatly satisfied with the extra game time.
Most coaches are in the morass.
Most coaches are like that.
Most coaches are more receptive when decisions make sense.
Most coaches are scared to death of the running game.
Most coaches are very open to doing that.
Most coaches are volunteers and receive little or no training.
Most coaches are volunteers or based in private clubs or organizations.
Most coaches are, of course, avid sports fans.
Most coaches are.
Most coaches ask for the first month's fee upfront, and some ask for a three-month commitment.
Most coaches assess knowledge.
Most coaches begin careers.
Most coaches break scholarships up to help more players.
Most coaches call it working the clock.
Most coaches can always find something good to say about every athlete they coach.
Most coaches can at least give an estimated time on their fastest runner's finish.
Most coaches can find something disappointing in any victory.
Most coaches change their approach to fit the opposing defense.
Most coaches come to expect the unexpected.
Most coaches develop proper protocols.
Most coaches develop protocols.
Most coaches do a great job working with their young athletes.
Most coaches do, at least at first.
Most coaches dread comparing teams that they ve coached.
Most coaches emphasize running the rabbit back toward the previous base.
Most coaches feel fairly confident in their ability to teach shooting skills.
Most coaches focus on human resource management.
Most coaches focus on management.
Most coaches focus on resource management.
Most coaches get up each morning and read the daily sports section of their favorite newspaper.
Most coaches go into each game with a specific goal, unspoken or otherwise.
Most coaches have a universal solution to the problem of infielders committing fielding errors.
Most coaches have business experience.
Most coaches have personal service arrangements with their employers.
Most coaches have players.
Most coaches have several specialities.
Most coaches have tournament incentives built into their contracts.
Most coaches help drive skills.
Most coaches help full potential.
Most coaches help people.
Most coaches help potential.
Most coaches help problems.
Most coaches help skills.
Most coaches help teams.
Most coaches hold passengers.
Most coaches insist their team put on blinders for anything past the next game.
Most coaches involve in sports.
Most coaches join teams.
Most coaches know about initiations, but they know it brings their teams closer together .
Most coaches know importance.
Most coaches know that youthful rosters can provide moments of exhilaration.
Most coaches know there is a difference between winning and success.
Most coaches know who the dangerous influences around their programs are.
Most coaches learn caution over the years, a product of the scars of losing.
Most coaches live by the motto, If it ain t broken, don t fix it.
Most coaches look for certain characteristics in players for each position.
Most coaches make differences.
Most coaches now are like shoe salesmen, or car salesmen.
Most coaches offer a special rate for two teams training simultaneously.
Most coaches offer solutions.
Most coaches provide instruction.
Most coaches provide jobs.
Most coaches provide their athletes with an off-season training program.
Most coaches put more pressure on themselves to win than any administrator, parent, or fan does.
Most coaches recommend a schedule of telephone sessions over a period of several months.
Most coaches recommend starting out working on two foot spins.
Most coaches request that the wrestlers bring healthy foods instead of junk foods to eat.
Most coaches require a three-month commitment to coaching.
Most coaches run camps on their campuses.
Most coaches search for athletes.
Most coaches see talent.
Most coaches seem to follow the majors and put their better hitters at the top.
Most coaches spend way too much time working on offense.
Most coaches stick to basic designs.
Most coaches teach discipline, along with how to grow as a human being and be more responsible.
Most coaches try to cling to their athletes.
Most coaches use similar techniques.
Most coaches use techniques.
Most coaches use tools.
Most coaches view the starting five as their best players.
Most coaches work with individuals or groups in person or by phone.
Most coaches work with kids.
Most coaches work with many kids.
Most coaches work with their clients for six months to a year.
Some coaches adhere to the rule of zero contact against the quarterback.
Some coaches admit doing it only because their competitors do it.
Some coaches also have CD players.
Some coaches also like to get their archrival in the same bracket to motivate their kids.
Some coaches also receive endorsement fees for aligning their teams with a specific brand name.
Some coaches also use e-mail or fax, and some work in person.
Some coaches appear for one day to do a clinic and then split.
Some coaches are able to do it with the intensity of their own personalities.
Some coaches are available on weekends.
Some coaches are disappointed.
Some coaches are excellent practice coaches and some are great game coaches.
Some coaches are higher strung and use the pacing to keep calm and to stay involved in the game.
Some coaches are kind of sensitive when it comes to receiving feedback from students.
Some coaches are more comfortable with less, some with more.
Some coaches are notorious for daily calling, while others are extremely laid back.
Some coaches are on can in between appointments.
Some coaches are outraged that linemen are no longer limited to one low block after the snap.
Some coaches are tougher than others.
Some coaches are very good at involving all the kids.
Some coaches are very good at reading when a player is actually ready.
Some coaches are way to competitive for the age group they are coaching.
Some coaches are willing to forego payment in the present in hopes of recovering it in the future.
Some coaches become so popular that they are more powerful than colleges presidents.
Some coaches believe that fast weight training is more effective for developing power.
Some coaches call it court sense, and others basketball savvy.
Some coaches can receive incoming calls for corporate customers.
Some coaches choose starters by how well the players do in specific practice sessions or drills.
Some coaches choose to award partial scholarships to all players.
Some coaches compare details.
Some coaches complain that they have a hard time finding referees to cover all of the games.
Some coaches conduct sports clinics during the summer.
Some coaches consider jumping jacks or running through tires ballistic.
Some coaches consult at a distance, using technology.
Some coaches create senses.
Some coaches create teams made up of both high and low achievers.
Some coaches define success.
Some coaches demand it.
Some coaches demand that the existing personnel fit into their schemes.
Some coaches do it just to do something, but they enjoy it.
Some coaches espouse a sort of two-week theory.
Some coaches even brag about the fact that it is a helpful motivational tool.
Some coaches find solutions.
Some coaches focus on the pitch count.
Some coaches go too far and they suffer.
Some coaches grasp the sport with a white-knuckled grip.
Some coaches have sent conflicting info, so please send any corrections as well.
Some coaches help students.
Some coaches hide from high rankings.
Some coaches insist players wear suits on road trips.
Some coaches just have some teams' number.
Some coaches keep assistant coaches for many, many years.
Some coaches kill in accidents.
Some coaches kill in car accidents.
Some coaches know about the benefits first-hand.
Some coaches know how to call and administer a timeout.
Some coaches know how to use their bench.
Some coaches learn ages.
Some coaches leave their team in one large group for the drills.
Some coaches let their best players play longer than less skilled players.
Some coaches like to hand out announcement slips to each player.
Some coaches like to select their players and then think of the systems that they are going to use.
Some coaches maintain that trash-talking already is out of control.
Some coaches make recommendations.
Some coaches never develop a feel for calling timeouts, and that's too bad.
Some coaches never figure it out.
Some coaches never get a chance to practice what they preach.
Some coaches opt to teach the laces kick and the driven pass in the same practice.
Some coaches place more emphasis on winning, and some place all emphasis on learning.
Some coaches prefer forty-five minute sessions.
Some coaches prefer keepers to play with their hands out to the side.
Some coaches prefer to look in their own backyard.
Some coaches prefer to play against the wind in the first half.
Some coaches pull the plug early.
Some coaches quit jobs.
Some coaches quote the Bible.
Some coaches read inspirational sayings or daily meditations as part of their hello.
Some coaches really hound their kicker.
Some coaches recommend just that, even taking runners beyond marathon distance.
Some coaches recruit Texas, some go to California.
Some coaches rely on one or two players to take all throw-ins.
Some coaches require their athletes to run long distances to build stamina.
Some coaches say it is time to move on and let others give it a shot.
Some coaches say others are seeking out players in the off-season.
Some coaches seem to get consumed by the profession.
Some coaches seem to have lost the belief that they can be successful.
Some coaches seem to want the manager's job, too.
Some coaches seem to win no matter where they go.
Some coaches simply check in with the trainer about the player's condition.
Some coaches specialise in very precise areas or professions.
Some coaches stay in the game for years and never win a championship.
Some coaches take notes.
Some coaches teach push all penetration baseline where it can be trapped or more easily helped.
Some coaches teach their players to throw and run to the inside of the base path.
Some coaches teach to pivot on the front foot.
Some coaches teach walking the defender in, other's two hard sprint steps.
Some coaches think a relaxed, almost care-free team performs best.
Some coaches think their only job is to coach, so a lot of talent out there is hidden.
Some coaches try to conform to what the players want.
Some coaches try to paint a bleak picture.
Some coaches use actions that can be considered child abuse.
Some coaches use analyses.
Some coaches waste valuable practice time to work on basketball or American football style restarts.
Some coaches watch tape of opposing teams religiously.
Some coaches win with smothering man to man defenses, others with match-ups and various zones.
Some coaches work with groups, usually through a running club.
Some coaches work with leaders.
Some coaches work with owners.
Some coaches work with senior leaders.
Coached boys lacrosse.
Coached clients get all three.
Coached problem solving is known to be effective for teaching cognitive skills.
Coached students are only slightly more likely to have large score gains than uncoached students.
Coaching choice makes perfect sense.
Most coaching clients have several things they work on with their coach in more than one area.
Coaching competence is often the difference in close games rather than sheer talent level.
Coaching Forms are to be submitted to site professors after each classroom teaching.
Coaching Points Have LB'ers place hands properly.
Coaching Points Have player's body touch ball before it first hits the ground.
Coaching points have to be established in the warm-up.
Coaching qualifications are good credentials for experience.
Coaching qualifications are more important.
Coaching qualifications are only valid whilst the member holds a current first aid award.
Coaching stability helps Hokies achieve success .
Coaching staff is certified.
Coaching staff is licensed and professionally trained.
Coaching staff is licensed, and team is professionally trained.
Coaching staff is too small.
Coaching staff question a call.
All coaching staff are volunteers, primarily parents.
All coaching staff have the ability to relate to people of all ages.
Every coaching staff needs new blood.
Coaching styles vary quite a lot.
Coaching time is prorated to suit the time needed by each individual .
Coachings are employment.
Coachings are teaching.
A coachman is a driver
Coachmans are drivers.
Coachmen are always happy to answer membership questions.
Coachmen offers a wide selection of floorplans, including several slideout models.
Most CoachU chapters meet on a regular basis in their local area.
A coachwhip is a candlewood
Coachwhips are active during the day, are extremely fast on the ground, and are great climbers.
Coachwhips are bands.
Coachwhips are very fast active foragers.
Coachwhips are whips.
Coachwhips eat mice, insects, lizards, small snakes and, occasionally, small birds.
Coachwhips feed on lizards, snakes, small mammals and birds.
Coachwhips search actively for prey, with their heads elevated.
A coagulant is an agent
Coagulants are agents.
Coagulants are chemicals that cause particles in the water to stick together and form a mass.
Coagulants can be a liquid or a solid and can be added in batch or continuous type reactors.
Most coagulation defects result in a coagulation factor deficiency and increased bleeding.
Coagulation disorders are more likely to result in bleeding from multiple sites.
Coagulation disorders are much more common than is clinically realized.
Coagulation disturbance is common in brown snake bites, as is neurotoxicity.
A coagulation factor is a plasma protein
Coagulation factor deficiencies more often cause bleeding into the gastrointestinal tract or joints.
Coagulation factors are notoriously unstable.
Coagulation factors are proteins that work together in the blood clotting process .
Coagulation studies are essential.
Coagulation studies are normal.
Coagulation studies detect low fibrinogen levels and increased fibrin-degradation products.
Coagulation system defects.
Coagulation defects secondary to a dead fetus are rare.
Coagulation involves the feeding and rapid mixing on one or more chemicals.
Coagulation is a change that is studied by many scientists with different theories.
Coagulation is a chemical technique directed toward the destabilization of colloidal particles.
Coagulation is a normal response to a cut and helps to stop the bleeding.
Coagulation is an action
Coagulation is in essence an electrical burn that destroys the appearance of the tissue.
Coagulation is simply the solidifying of the egg by heating.
Coagulation is suggested with a heater probe.
Coagulation is usually irreversible.
Coagulation occurs when chemicals added to the water form one or more precipitates.
Coagulation removes dirt and other particles suspended in water.
Coagulation requires encounters between particles.
Coagulation works because colloidal particles bind with oppositely charged fining agents.
Coagulative necrosis is evident on the inked border.
Coagulative necrosis occurs primarily in tissues such as the kidney, heart and adrenal glands.
Coagulopathy problems can arise when a patient has been on bypass for a long time.
COAH housing is intended to assist the poor and elderly.
Coal ash is fused with sodium hydroxide, and the resulting melt is leached with distilled water.
Coal ash is produced in large volumes as a byproduct of coal-fired power plants.
Coal ash is solid fossil fuel combustion residues from coal burning power plants.
Coal ash is usually toxic.
Coal ash is worthless, but bits of brick are good.
Coal ash offers a number of advantages.
Coal balls are calcareous concretions that can disrupt the mining of bituminous coal bearing strata.
Coal balls are in coal seams across North America and Eurasia.
Coal balls are one of the best sources of anatomical information on Carboniferous plants.
Most coal balls contain a mixture of plant parts from many taxa.
Coal basin is finite, but emissions are global.
Coal beds formed in lagoons or estuaries, and thin limestone beds represent minor marine incursions.
Coal candy tempts the daring in the gift shop.
Coal consumption is at an all-time high.
Coal consumption is relatively low.
Most coal consumption is from local mines.
Coal Creek emphasizes strong academics, integrated technology, and the arts.
Coal dust causes black lung.
Coal dust controls.
Coal dust is present between collagen fibers and sometimes is seen in histiocytes.
Coal dust stiffens their hair and clothes and collects in the creases in their faces.
Coal dust stiffens their hair and clothes.
Coal fires are extinguished with hand labor.
Coal fires can cause temperatures to rise at the surface, and contaminate groundwater, soil and air.
Coal fires occur when coal seams burn or smoulder, or when coal storage or waste piles burn.
A coal gas is fuel
Coal gas is added to candlewax and whale oil as a source of lamp fuel.
Coal gas is bubbled through as the solution is heated.
Coal gasification can also take place underground.
Coal gasification is a process by which coal is converted into a synthetic fuel, natural gas.
Coal gasification produces methane from abundant coal.
Coal liquefaction is one of the most polluting forms of liquid fuel.
Coal liquefaction supplies all of the Republic of South Africa's oil needs.
Coal measures form the base of a marine transgressive sequence.
Coal mines are dangerous as they can cause death due to roof falls and explosions.
Coal mines are in places like Wyoming, Kentucky, West Virginia and Indiana.
Coal mines are in the area.
Coal mines are in the vicinity.
Coal mines are mines.
Coal mines are nearby.
Coal mines are notorious killers due to roof falls and explosions.
Coal mines create large holes in the landscape.
Coal mines put heavy metals leachate into the water and dust into the air.
Some coal mines affect areas.
Some coal mines create problems.
A coal miner is a miner
Coal miners are exposed to toxic dust and face the dangers of cave-ins and explosions at work.
Coal miners are in great danger as well, both from accidents and long term exposure.
Coal miners are miners.
Coal miners are teachers who stay on the job until the coal has turned to diamonds.
Coal miners are very superstitious.
Coal miners remove the soil above the coal.
Coal miners stage a nationwide strike.
Coal miners strike for nearly six months to protest wage cuts.
Coal miners work a strip pit using horse-drawn wagons.
Coal miners work their butts off.
Some coal miners die in accidents.
Some coal miners face danger.
Coal mining can have a profound effect in the land.
Coal mining can result in a number of adverse effects on the environment .
Coal mining causes saltwater intrusion into aquifers.
Coal mining continues to be subsidised in numerous countries.
Coal mining continues to lose jobs.
Coal mining has an important role in the economy of southern Indiana.
Coal mining has major impacts on terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems.
Coal mining imposes some of the most severe energy related environmental costs on American land.
Coal mining is a dying industry.
Coal mining is a recent case worth study.
Coal mining is a very dangerous occupation, even now, years later.
Coal mining is an important industry in western and southwestern Virginia.
Coal mining is another threat.
Coal mining is at best a temporary benefit to our state's economy.
Coal mining is excluded from the analysis.
Coal mining is governed by state and federal laws that involve much paperwork.
Coal mining is just a very small part of what AEP does.
Coal mining is land disturbance on a vast scale.
Coal mining is major economic activity.
Coal mining is one of the biggest markets of the company's products.
Coal mining is one of the country's oldest industries.
Coal mining is one of the most dangerous jobs in the United States.
Coal mining is really a political enterprise.
Coal mining is still a much more important part of the West Virginia economy than nationally.
Coal mining is the largest single mining activity with uranium and granite lower on the scale.
Coal mining is the major industry.
Coal mining is the most dangerous work in our land today With plenty of dirty.
Coal mining produces a lot of export income for Australia.
Coal mining tends to occur in isolated rural areas with little alternative employment opportunities.
Coal mining threatens waterway.
Much coal mining is planned for the Big Mountain area.
Coal plants are also a major source of airborne emissions of mercury, a toxic heavy metal.
Coal plants are cheaper than nuclear plants, but over time they generate a lot of pollution.
Coal plants are more expensive, but the electricity they generate still ends up far cheaper.
Coal plants are one of the largest sources.
Coal plants emit a long list of toxic emissions.
Coal plants generate the bulk of electricity in Virginia and neighboring states.
Coal plants provide more than half of America's electricity.
Coal power accounts for more than half the nation's carbon-dioxide emissions from electricity.
Coal production continues to reach record levels as consumption continues to increase.
Coal production covers brown coal and lignite.
Coal production keeps rising.
Coal reserves are located all over the world.
Coal reserves are substantial.
A coal seam is a bed
Coal seam can be with complex geological condition.
Coal seams are an option.
Coal seams are common in the lower part of the formation.
Coal seams are extracted from a mountain by removing the land, or overburden , above the seams.
Coal seams are large aquifers, and are difficult to dewater.
Coal seams are prepared for mining by cleaning the top of the seam.
Coal seams are seams.
Coal seams contain pockets of methane gas.
Some coal seams contain more methane per unit of coal than do others.
Coal sludge blankets the creek bank.
Coal tar can also cause photosensitivity which makes a patient more susceptible to sunburn.
Coal tar can also cause photosensitivity.
Coal tar can irritate the skin and even cause dermatitis.
Coal tar can make the skin more sensitive to ultraviolet and sunlight.
Coal tar gives rabbits cancer in experimental proof of carcinogenesis.
Coal tar has been used for many years, the major drawback being it has a strong odor and stains.
Coal tar is a general term applied to all varieties of tar obtained from coal.
Coal tar is a known carcinogen.
Coal tar is a residue in the manufacture of coal gas and coke.
Coal tar is also a source of hydrocarbons.
Coal tar is certainly no secret ingredient.
Coal tar is flammable and is frequently used in medicated shampoos designed to kill head lice.
Coal tar is pitch.
Coal tar is produced from coal as a byproduct of coke production.
Coal tar is tar
Coal tar is the source of many synthetic B vitamins.
Coal tar is used primarily in the treatment of chronic psoriasis.
Coal tar is used to treat eczema, psoriasis, seborrheic dermatitis, and other skin disorders.
Coal tar made from beech wood is used to protect wood from rotting.
Coal township abounds in iron ore as well as coal.
Coal abounds and is extensively mined.
Coal accounts for a larger percentage of freight than any other commodity in China.
Coal accounts for about one quarter of energy consumption in the United States.
Coal accounts for three quarters of electricity generation.
Coal arrives at the power station coal handling area.
Coal barges, shallow draft cargo ships and tugs crowd the narrow channel.
Coal begins to replace wood and charcoal as preferred fuel in Britain.
Coal benefits other major industries.
Coal blows off barges and railroad cars into the river.
Coal breaks with a conchoidal fracture.
Coal burning for domestic purposes is still widespread in the region, especially during winter.
Coal burning for electric generation contributes greatly to greenhouse gases.
Coal burning produces gases that contain primarily carbon, sulfur, nitrogen, hydrogen, and oxygen.
Coal burns to leave ash.
Coal comes from a distance and our railways are overburdened hauling war material.
Coal comes from anciently buried plants, and petroleum is from animals.
Coal comes from mines near Emerald and it arrives at the terminal by coal trains.
Coal comes from mines, strip mines mainly.
Coal comes from open pit or underground mines.
Coal comes in many forms ranging from hard, black colored rocks to soft brown dirt.
Coal consists of carbon, shale and water.
Coal consists of plants which have been reduced to almost pure carbon.
Coal contains carbon.
Coal contains energy.
Coal contains excessive amount of carbon.
Coal contains many pollutants.
Coal contains mercury, a heavy metal.
Coal contains sulfur ions which are released when it burns.
Coal contains sulfur, nitrogen, mercury and carbon, among many other mineral components.
Coal contains sulfur, which combines with oxygen when the coal is burned to produce sulfur oxides.
Coal contains sulphur.
Coal contains trace amounts of mercury that are released into the air as it is burned for energy.
Coal continues to be at the foundation of the U.S. economy.
Coal continues to do very well.
Coal deliver between all charm yet go field hockey.
Coal deliver during lots arm instead ring Golfclub spin inserts.
Coal describe for the asics wrestling.
Coal fights natural gas.
Coal figures intimately into both areas from transport to process analysis.
Coal generates heat.
Coal generates more than half of America's electricity supply.
Coal generates more than half of the nation's electricity.
Coal has aromatic structures.
Coal has ring structures.
Coal has structures.
Coal increases air pollution.
Coal increases pollution.
Coal is available for all scales.
Coal is available from the owner and charged at cost.
Coal is available from various distributors in Birmingham.
Coal is available, but petroleum is lacking.
Coal is blackness.
Coal is by far the world's most plentiful, widely distributed and accessible fossil fuel.
Coal is carbon mixed with minerals.
Coal is carbon.
Coal is complex because of the wide variety of factors that determine the quality of coal.
Coal is fossil fuel
Coal is fossil fuel.
Coal is fuel.
Coal is located in beds.
Coal is located in cellars.
Coal is located in coal mines.
Coal is located in fire.
Coal is located in mines.
Coal is located in stockings.
Coal is made of carbon.
Coal is organic matter.
Coal is produce most economically from large strip mines.
Coal is rocks.
Coal is used for energy.
Coal isa fuel.
Coal isa matter.
Coal knows how to adjust time and how to use silence as a heartbeat.
Coal lies under about a third of Pennsylvania.
Coal mean below the australian football cards auction.
Coal means carbon dioxide.
Coal occurs naturally in abundance in pre-anthropogenic sediments.
Coal plays a critical role in Colombia's economy.
Coal plays a key global role in energy and as an input to industry.
Coal produces and users, for example, minimize the dangers.
Coal produces carbon dioxide emissions.
Coal produces carbon dioxide.
Coal produces dioxide.
Coal produces emissions.
Coal produces more emissions per unit of energy than does natural gas.
Coal produces sulfur dioxide.
Coal producing regions already face adjustment pressures as a result of the federal Clean Air Act.
Coal provides more than half the nation's electrical energy needs.
Coal receiving pits are to be located close to the quarry to reduce the haul length of the dumpers.
Coal refuse disposal .
Coal refuse disposal sites.
Coal refuse disposal.
Coal refuse reprocessing .
Coal releases dangerous gases.
Coal releases gases.
Coal releases mercury when it is burned.
Coal remains and important mineral resource in eastern Hocking County.
Coal represent for many student either intending Bicycling tour.
Coal rushes in like water.
Coal supplies a greater share of U.S. power.
Coal supplies two-thirds of electricity generation.
Coal takes too long.
Coal underlies a large portion of the area of the county.
Coals are absent and plant assemblages are dominated by conifers.
Coals are common locally.
Coals are extensively worked.
Coals are like people, the older they are the better they usually get.
Coals are raked to the front as the last thing.
Coals are ready when covered with a light gray coating of ash.
Coals are ready when they glow and are covered with a white ash.
Coals are to be taken off-site.
Coals can burn for days, sometimes even a week.
Coals can reignite several hours after they appear to be cold.
Coals can re-ignite several hours after they appear to be cold.
Coals glow as chefs grill calamari and lamb chops and skewers of souvlaki.
Coals glow red and warm when they touch each other.
Coals here are benefits, or favors.
Coals make the air in the lodge smoky and hard to breathe.
Coals make the sweat smokey, and hard to breath.
Coals sit well back in a corner, and food gets arrayed on ceramic bricks in front.
Coals stay hot for about an hour.
Coals work equally well, probably with less flare-ups.
Coal always contains mineral impurities.
Coal often shows fossil patterns of ferns and leaves from the original plants.
All coal contains a percentage of ash.
All coal has carbon and sulfur to some degree.
More coal is extracted using area mining than by any other technique.
More coal is produced in the state of Wyoming than in any other state in the United States.
More coal is removed per hour of work, causing a drop in both mining costs and coal prices.
Most coal contains carbon.
Most coal contains energy.
Most coal generates heat.
Most coal has aromatic structures.
Most coal has ring structures.
Most coal has structures.
Most coal increases pollution.
Most coal is derived from the remains of terrestrial plants.
Most coal is fossil peat.
Most coal is transported by train and barge.
Most coal is transported by trains to power plants where it's burned to make steam.
Most coal mined today is bituminous.
Most coal produced in the state comes from large underground mines.
Most coal produces carbon dioxide emissions.
Most coal produces carbon dioxide.
Most coal produces dioxide.
Most coal produces emissions.
Most coal produces sulfur dioxide.
Most coal releases dangerous gases.
Most coal used in California comes from other states.
Some coal burns hotter and cleaner than other types of coal.
Some coal causes allergic reaction.
Some coal causes breathe problems.
Some coal causes problems.
Some coal causes reaction.
Some coal contains mercury.
Some coal contains pyrites.
Some coal contains uranium.
Some coal has low permeability.
Some coal has low sulphur.
Some coal has permeability.
Some coal has selenium in it.
Some coal has sulphur.
Some coal is imported, but most smelting is done with charcoal made from the local trees.
Some coal is sold in Saskatchewan for domestic heating.
Some coal is used to make medicines, paint, and steel.
Some coal lies near the earth's surface, and can be gathered off in strips.
Some coal mixes with water.
Some coal produces carbon monoxide.
Some coal produces monoxide.
Some coal produces regions.
Some coal uses energy.
Coalescence causes the oil to rise to the surface by neutralizing the droplets' surface charge.
Coalescence ceases or slows significantly, leading to the formation of agglomerate structures.
Coalescence is a compounding
Coalescence is an example.
Coalescence is enhanced when colliding drops have opposite electric charge.
Coalescence is revived.
Coalescence is unions.
Coalescence occurs when water droplets fuse to create larger water droplets.
Coalescent simulations reveal hybridization and incomplete lineage sorting in Mediterranean Linaria.
Coalition forces enter Kuwait City.
Coalition forces launch a massive air attack on Iraqi targets, kicking off Operation Desert Storm.
Coalition forces reach Io and engage the enemy on the surface.
Coalition forces say they have kept up their attack on Iraqi forces.
Coalition formation is an important feature in Western European politics.
Coalition government is preferable to two party terror under a single 'Ideology'.
Every coalition government experiences some strained relations or dilemmas of decision making.
Coalition parties mull successor.
Most coalition parties are opposed to the idea of disbanding an entire party.
Coalition addresses myriad of issues.
Coalition approves tax law rejected by opposition.
Coalition are neither for or against drug use.
Coalition are strictly nonpartisan.
Coalition argues about budget policies Bonn.
Coalition asks U.S. to ban soft vinyl toys.
Coalition begin work on drafting reliability legislation acceptable to both camps.
Coalition debates over duration of eco-tax Berlin.
Coalition emerges after election.
Coalition fails on home turf.
Coalition fails to reach a consensus on method for detecting unauthorized copies of songs.
Coalition has no membership dues.
Coalition helps defeat it.
Coalition is an organization
Coalition is involved withtraining dental personnel in recognition and reporting protocols.
Coalition is made up of residents of the City of Seattle.
Coalition is members having a shared vision, and a sense of interdependence.
Coalition is one of the tools to undertake such a challenge.
Coalition is the fiestiest bicycle, wheelchair and pedestrian access organization around.
Coalition is unions.
Coalition is very significant.
Coalition makes final crypto offer .
Coalition Offers information for patients, families, caregivers and support services.
Coalition offers their suggestion .
Coalition plans for a one-year postponement of a raise in child benefits are still controversial.
Coalition seek even stronger protection, through new legislation.
Coalition seeks more funding for state universities.
Coalition slams cybercrime treaty .
Coalition supports protest of Cincinnati police murders .
Coalition supports the creation of an advisory board on discounted service.
Coalition urges tax credits and the creation of a trust fund.
Coalition wins victory.
Coalitions also advocate for helmet legislation and enforcement in their communities.
Coalitions also help publicize problems and efforts to confront problems.
Coalitions also offer public awareness for each group involved.
Coalitions appoint a chairperson and secretary, but operate as a council of equals.
Coalitions are always fragile, but have potential for enormous influence.
Coalitions are an absolute necessity for any successful labor movement.
Coalitions are at varying stages of development in over half of the states.
Coalitions are beneficial because they help male cheetahs gain territory.
Coalitions are broad based community groups.
Coalitions are complex organizational structures.
Coalitions are critical, observes Bald- ridge.
Coalitions are essential for bringing about political changes.
Coalitions are essential for successful political action.
Coalitions are good.
Coalitions are here to stay.
Coalitions are key to success - different groups carrying the same message.
Coalitions are more answerable to regional nece ssities.
Coalitions are more likely to be created where there is interdependence.
Coalitions are more susceptible to manipulation than groups with clearly identified politics.
Coalitions are powerful and effective organizing tools.
Coalitions are strongest when they have firm and clearly defined commitments from their members.
Coalitions are the most effective means to influence government public policy development.
Coalitions are useful for showing broad based support and concern on issues of sustainability.
Coalitions are very powerful groups in organizations.
Coalitions build and break overnight for the most unlikely reasons.
Coalitions can also play an important role in community planning.
Coalitions change over time, as a result of death, migration, and changes in social status.
Coalitions enhance social welfare if they enable joint entry when independent entry is infeasible.
Coalitions favoring internationalization, instead, often cooperate.
Coalitions get things done.
Coalitions give strength in numbers, fortitude in times of pressure.
Coalitions invite other organizations and individuals to join the partnership.
Coalitions normally form as a rapid response to unforeseen crises.
Coalitions offer patient volume and administrative efficiencies in exchange for negotiated fees.
Coalitions represent a unique form of intragroup conflict.
Coalitions require effort and resources to build.
Coalitions rise and fall.
Coalitions take a variety of forms.
Coalitions take time to coalesce.
Coalitions tend to be unstable.
Coalitions typically represent a wide range of interests from diverse constituencies.
Coalitions vary in size and geographic coverage.
Coalitions vary in size and location.
Coalitions work best when they exist to achieve a specific, identifiable, achievable goal.
Coalitions always work best.
Coalitions often collaborate and have membership that includes a governmental entity.
Coalitions usually function a little differently than partnerships.
All coalitions operate within a community.
Most coalitions are long-term alliances which undertake numerous projects.
Some coalitions establish informal collaborations and provide mutual support as service providers.
Some coalitions meet monthly, others a few times a year.
Some coalitions opt to become part of a larger non-profit umbrella organization.
Some coalitions partially pool their risks.
Some coalitions run educational programs for members and participants.
A coarctation is a narrowing
Coarctations generally require repair.
Coarse abrasives feel rough and gritty.
Coarse aggregate is used for massive structures or sections of cement.
Coarse anglers compete in weekend matches which saboteurs have attempted to halt.
All coarse anglers have to buy a rod licence and they can then fish wherever it is permitted.
Coarse bedding is preferable to fine as it produces less dust.
Coarse breath sounds throughout.
Some coarse coats help yaks.
Some coarse compost helps weeds.
Coarse droplets are less likely to drift than fine sprays.
Coarse fish are the prey and are largely inedible.
Coarse fishing is also available.
Coarse fishing is available at nearby lakes.
Coarse fishing is available on the private lake and each flat has one boat.
Coarse fishing is free.
Coarse focus is by pillar adjustment with a robust rack and pinion system providing fine movement.
Coarse focus is simply push-pull.
Coarse fragments are absent in the loess mantle.
Coarse fragments are limestone or calcareous sandstone.
Coarse fragments are mainly cobbly and stony.
Coarse fragments range from none to few fine pebbles.
Coarse grains can often substitute for each other in feed use.
Coarse grains refer to all other cereals except wheat and rice.
Coarse gravel lines the streambed.
Coarse hair is a grizzled grey to brown with a reddish wash on the face.
Coarse hairs are visible on the basal and lower stem leaves.
Coarse hairs cover the surface of the auricle.
Coarse hairs stand away from the cheeks.
Coarse indications are the rendezvous maneuver was very successful.
Coarse language is used occasionally.
Coarse language is virtually unrestricted.
Some coarse layers provide insulation.
Coarse litter can differ a great deal according to where and when it is collected.
Coarse material abounds near the mountains, and finertextured deposits compose the.
Coarse materials are best for mulching.
Coarse materials are best.
Most coarse materials are satisfactory.
Coarse particles can also make a substantial contribution in summer.
Coarse particles come from sources such as wind blown dust and unpaved roads.
Coarse particles consist largely of naturally occurring substances, particularly soil.
Coarse particles dissolve slowly in later irrigations for continued results all season long.
Coarse particles settle first, with fine clays last and found at the outer regions of the delta.
Some coarse particles have frictional strength.
Some coarse particles have high strength.
Some coarse particles have strength.
Coarse position is determined by measuring the flux between a North-South pair of magnets.
Coarse resolution introduces uncertainty.
Coarse rocks rounded by water are called gravel.
Coarse salt is exactly that, coarse-grained regular salt.
Coarse salt works best.
Coarse sand has a lower surface area than the same weight of fine sand.
Coarse sand is also the most abrasive to manure handling equipment.
Coarse sand is an ideal base for the floor.
Coarse sand is home for hermit crabs, small clams, and sand dollars.
Coarse sand is particularly helpful in our neck of the woods to aerate heavy compacted soils.
Coarse sand is very difficult.
Coarse sands contain very little organic matter.
Some coarse sand mixes with mud.
Coarse sawdust is a sure sign, but it is often difficult to find the nest.
Coarse sawdust is present below the entrance of an active nest.
Coarse sawdust works as a mulch, and the light color of sawdust helps reflect heat.
Coarse serrations are useful for roughly cutting soft material, such as woody tissue.
Coarse shreds produce lacier latkes with rough edges.
Coarse soil lumps in the seedbed increase soil moisture loss and reduce seed germination.
Coarse soils are able to store less available water than fine textured ones.
Coarse soils are dominated by sand and have very little silt and clay.
Coarse sprays can dislodge and wash away seed.
Coarse stalks indicate pithiness.
Coarse stimulation does work on a primitive level, while goodness requires sophistication.
Coarse substrates enable tadpoles to escape flooding events and small bedload movements.
Coarse texture is achieved with larger leaves and thicker, sparse branches, as on oakleaf hydrangea.
Coarse threads are always desirable.
Coast cities offer old and new neighborhoods, with a delightful mixture of architecture.
Coast guard officials hold conferences.
Coast guard officials hold news conferences.
Coast guard officials see doctors.
Coast guards are on constant duty during the day.
Coast lakes are former bays that have been cut off from the sea .
Coast lakes are former bays that have been cut off from the sea.
A coast redwood is a redwood
Coast redwood distinguishes the redwood zone.
Coast redwoods are an ancient breed.
Coast redwoods are evergreens.
Coast redwoods are wood.
Coast redwoods grow best only as far inland as the extend of the coastal maritime climate.
Coast redwoods have thick, reddish bark and two types of needle-like leaves.
Coast runs are for advanced sailors.
Coast runs shows all over Canada.
A coast is a shore
Coast admit Tear at whatever powder into some snow.
Coast allows duplication and distribution of tapes through approved sources.
Coast follow past an result otherwise seek Athletic wear.
Coast follow past an result otherwise seek taylor made innergel.
Coast guard auxiliary members are on hand to save anyone who gets in trouble.
Coast isa shore.
Coast live oak and California bay dominate, but young Valley oak are also apparent.
Coast live oak occurs on the more exposed south-facing slopes.
Coast live oak trees have very thick bark and are extremely resilient.
Coast live oaks abound along with valley and blue oak, elderberry, madrone and gray pine.
Coast live oaks, valley oaks and scrub oaks pepper the landscape.
Coast manages dental practices in the Southeast.
Coast pay beside a chin yet hear aspen snowmobiling.
Coast pay beside a chin yet hear ski doo summit.
Coast pay beside a chin yet hear sno-riders.
Coast provides advocacy and a variety of social, recreational, and employment opportunities.
Coast takes great pride in presenting quality fitness products and taking care of our customers.
Coasts also face many human-induced environmental impacts .
Coasts are close and it is tempting to make a stop-over at luring ports.
Coasts are edges.
Coasts are located in countries.
Coasts are located in maps.
Coasts are located in oceans.
Coasts are located in planets.
Coasts are more likely to suffer erosion .
Coasts are relatively straight with narrow continental shelves and steep continental slopes.
Coasts are shores.
Coasts are slopes.
Coasts are used for beachs.
Coasts are used for fishing.
Coasts are used for piratings.
Coasts are views.
Coasts are warmer and more humid while inland experiences spring-like weather year round.
Coasts Find out about our coastal environment and the issues that affect our coast.
Coasts have (part) beaches.
Coasts have (part) shorelines.
Coasts have erosion.
Coasts have gully erosion.
Coasts have limit ranges.
Coasts have limit tidal ranges.
Coasts have ranges.
Coasts have tidal ranges.
Coasts Here is presented reduced scenes of photographies.
Coasts is a bad rendering.
Coasts mark the area where dry land meets oceans or other large bodies of water.
Coasts provide environments.
Coasts often have many living things living there and provide habitat for many animals and plants .
Coasts often have many living things living there and provide habitat for many animals and plants.
All coasts experience a combination of erosion and deposition to varying degrees.
Most coasts have erosion.
Most coasts have gully erosion.
Most coasts have limit ranges.
Most coasts have ranges.
Most coasts have tidal ranges.
Most coasts provide environments.
Some coasts are created by shoreline erosion.
Some coasts are dominated by shoreline erosion.
Some coasts depend on beaches.
Some coasts have concentration.
Some coasts have effects.
Some coasts provide migration routes.
Some coasts provide routes.
Coastal air enters the valley from the north and flows south, collecting pollutants along the way.
Some coastal animals stay within a limited home range.
Coastal aquaculture is also heavily dependent on the coastal area for space and resources.
Coastal aquaculture is one of Australia's fastest-growing primary industries.
Some coastal aquaculture practices permanency alter natural habitats.
Coastal areas approx.
Coastal areas are also a favorite recreational destination for many vacationers.
Coastal areas are also in the slightly moist category.
Coastal areas are also prime areas for recreation.
Coastal areas are also subject to the alternating southwest and northeast monsoon winds.
Coastal areas are among the places of highest biodiversity on Earth.
Coastal areas are among the world's most productive and scientifically interesting regions.
Coastal areas are both ecologically interesting and the focus of considerable human activity.
Coastal areas are crowded and becoming more so every day.
Coastal areas are crowded and becoming more so.
Coastal areas are dynamic systems.
Coastal areas are extremely hot and humid.
Coastal areas are famous for their kelp beds.
Coastal areas are hot and humid, prohibitively so in summer.
Coastal areas are important for a wide variety of human and natural uses.
Coastal areas are in the slightly moist category.
Coastal areas are moderated somewhat by the Atlantic Ocean.
Coastal areas are more advanced, but the middle and western regions are far behind.
Coastal areas are particularly important to society for fisheries and human populations.
Coastal areas are particularly vulnerable to the effects of natural hazards.
Coastal areas are sites of intense human activity and rapid population growth.
Coastal areas are subject to problem flooding when storms or heavy rain showers occur at high tide.
Coastal areas are subject to tropical cyclones.
Coastal areas are the breeding and nursery grounds for a variety of organisms.
Coastal areas are the most developed in the nation.
Coastal areas are very popular places to live.
Coastal areas are vitally important as feeding, spawning, and nursery grounds for scup.
Coastal areas begin at sea level and rise quickly as one travels east into the Coastal Range.
Coastal areas benefit from the moderating influence of the warmer sea.
Coastal areas encompass a diverse array of resources and ecosystems with intense human activities.
Coastal areas experience two or three tropical cyclones of varying intensity each year.
Coastal areas harbor a disproportionate number of rare and endangered species.
Coastal areas have a direct relation between the amount of precipitation and runoff.
Coastal areas have a warm Mediterranean climate.
Coastal areas have milder climates than inland.
Coastal areas have the most pronounced fjords.
Coastal areas provide extensive and excellent habitat for migrating waterfowl and shore birds.
Coastal areas provide habitat for more endangered and threatened species than inland areas.
Coastal areas provide marine resources as well as coastal birds and their eggs.
Coastal areas provide primary habitat for biting midges.
Coastal areas receive snowfall.
Coastal areas remain cooler during the day, but the nights are comparatively warm.
Coastal areas represent some of the most valuable assets that nations possess.
Many coastal areas are protected nature reserves .
Many coastal areas are protected nature reserves.
Many coastal areas are remarkably resilient.
Most coastal areas experience two high tides and two low tides each day.
Most coastal areas receive snowfall.
Some coastal areas are nearly frost-free year round.
Some coastal areas can expect extreme tides.
Some coastal areas contain cacti.
Some coastal areas experience high tide.
Some coastal areas provide habitats.
Some coastal areas provide primary habitats.
Some coastal areas provide waterfowl habitats.
Coastal barriers act as natural buffers against storms, erosion, wind and waves.
Coastal bays provide excellent fishing for other saltwater fish species as well as for crab.
Coastal bears tend to have smaller home ranges than do interior grizzlies.
Coastal bedroom is the link between coastal living and gracious style.
Coastal berms are common along the southwest Florida coast.
Coastal biodiversity is considered high but surely under-estimated.
Coastal birds are generally around the larger estuaries.
Some coastal birds prey on ducks.
Coastal bottlenose dolphins eat fish.
Coastal breeders do vaccinate their emu to protect it against infections.
Coastal breezes can be as challenging or exhilarating as any hill.
Coastal breezes help maintain a comfortable year round temperature.
Coastal Carpets are one of the easiest snakes to feed and are veracious eaters.
Coastal carvers welcome the revival of their craft.
Coastal cities are cities.
Coastal cities are either partially or completely submerged.
Coastal cities are highly concentrated centers of immigrants.
Coastal cities prepare for massive landslides .
Coastal cities represent a major source of plastic pollution.
Any coastal city is well positioned to collect the raw material.
Some coastal cities get clobbered with hurricanes and tropical storms more frequently than others.
Coastal cliffs are subject to slumping when wave action undercuts lower layers.
Coastal climates are more mild than central continental climates.
Coastal communities are among the fastest growing and most ecologically rich regions in our country.
Coastal communities are critical components for a strong economy in Maryland.
Coastal communities are generally several degrees warmer in winter and slightly cooler in summer.
Coastal communities are in crisis.
Many coastal communities suffer above average unemployment.
Some coastal communities make use.
Some coastal communities use trees at nearby beaches to reduce sand and soil erosion.
Coastal counties lead in many demographic indicators.
Coastal currents are strongest at the margins of the world's larger oceans.
Some coastal cutthroats migrate to the ocean.
Coastal deserts are in moderately cool to warm areas.
Coastal deserts form where there is a cold ocean current offshore.
Coastal deserts house a variety of plants.
Coastal development affects marine turtles in many different ways.
Coastal development contributes to habitat loss in a number of ways.
Coastal development impacts on land-coastal waters.
Coastal development is considered by many environmentalists to be the most pressing marine issue.
Coastal development represents another important driver.
Coastal development threatens the reefs in a number of ways.
Coastal dolphins are in general more heavily spotted than pelagic dolphins.
Coastal dolphins show movement.
Coastal dolphins show seasonal movement.
Coastal dolphins tend to eat fishes and bottom-dwelling invertebrates.
Most coastal dolphins show movement.
Most coastal dolphins show seasonal movement.
Coastal dunes are the preferred habitat based on historical records.
Coastal dunes are the product of wind-deposited sand anchored by sparse mats of vegetation.
Coastal dunes have a tendency to become vegetated.
Many coastal dunes are transverse.
Coastal dwellers eat fish for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Coastal economies rely upon healthy marine and coastal waters.
Coastal ecosystems are affected by multiple direct drivers .
Coastal ecosystems are critical habitats, nurturing many species of plants and animals.
Coastal ecosystems are diverse and productive, and subjected to ever increasing pressures.
Coastal ecosystems are dynamic, diverse areas of enormous ecological significance.
Coastal ecosystems are highly dynamic, diverse areas of enormous ecological significance.
Coastal ecosystems are important economically for tourism and recreation.
Coastal ecosystems are incredibly unique and constantly changing with the tide.
Coastal ecosystems are one of the richest locations of marine biodiversity.
Coastal ecosystems can act as a buffer against tsunamis.
Coastal ecosystems occur at the interface between land and sea.
Coastal ecosystems protect land-based communities from natural disasters.
Coastal ecosystems tend to have very high biological productivity.
Coastal entertainment includes numerous theater ensembles, art galleries, libraries and museums.
Coastal environments are enormous sanctuaries for migratory birds.
Coastal environments are part of the water cycle.
Coastal environments present no problems.
Coastal erosion accelerates as sea level rises.
Coastal erosion ensures that the islands nature is in a constant state of change.
Coastal erosion has both natural causes and causes related to human activities.
Coastal erosion is a continuing problem in most low-lying Pacific islands.
Coastal erosion is a continuing problem in most low-lying Pacific Islands.
Coastal erosion is a natural process even in pristine environments.
Coastal erosion is a serious problem on many coasts.
Coastal erosion is as serious a threat as coastal flooding.
Coastal erosion is caused by a combination of natural processes and human interference.
Coastal erosion occurs along beaches and shorelines.
Coastal erosion occurs over time.
Coastal erosion results in deterioration.
Coastal erosion takes land away forever from one area to deposit it someplace else.
Most coastal erosion occurs over time.
Some coastal erosion has activities.
Some coastal erosion has human activities.
Coastal estuaries are an important but fragile element of Maine s coastline.
Coastal estuaries are intertidal wetlands dominated by grasses, sedges, and shrubs or trees.
Coastal estuaries can be excellent places to boat, but they also have unique hazards.
Coastal events are subject to coastal rules.
Coastal exposures provide complete sections through a variety of deformation styles.
Coastal ferries serve all ports.
Some coastal fishermen provide examples.
Coastal fisheries are still dominant in the major fishing countries.
Coastal fisheries take both bottom, or demersal, and open-water, or pelagic, catches.
Coastal flat is in the distance.
Coastal flooding can precede or accompany major winter storms.
Coastal flooding caused by storm surge is the greatest threat to life and property.
Coastal flooding is also very common.
Coastal flooding is associated with storms and high tides.
Coastal flooding is still a threat from Maine to North Carolina.
Coastal flooding is still the big threat along the shoreline throughout the tri-state area.
Coastal flooding kills people and devastates local economies.
Coastal flooding occurs following huge storms or tsunamis.
Coastal flooding occurs when a large storm or tsunami causes the sea to surge inland.
Coastal flooding occurs when strong onshore winds push water from an ocean, bay or inlet onto land.
Coastal fog is common.
Coastal fogs are another source of nitrogen.
Coastal fronts are rare in Texas, but when they do occur, weather forecasts are often wildly wrong.
Coastal fronts can be quite strong and last for days.
Coastal fronts can lead to freezing rain within the cold air.
Coastal gardens have their own special problems.
Coastal gardeners have much to cope with.
Coastal geologists disagree.
Coastal geology focuses on the rocks, sediments, and processes that form and shape the coastal zone.
Coastal geomorphology is also largely the result of the accumulation of sediment in drowned coasts.
Coastal geomorphology is also largely the result of the accumulation of sediment on drowned coasts.
Coastal habitats are also to be found in a small section of the Lake District National Park.
Coastal habitats are especially vital to threatened and endangered species.
Coastal habitats extend from the shoreline to the edge of the continental shelf .
Coastal habitats include beaches.
Some coastal hay contains percent crude proteins.
Some coastal hay contains proteins.
Coastal hazards can include high tides and flash floods caused by storm surges.
Coastal hazards force commercial vessels to moor some way offshore.
Most coastal hazards are natural processes.
Coastal industries contribute enormously to New Jersey's economy.
Coastal industry contributes significantly to the state's economy.
Coastal islands provide excellent structure to attract flounders.
Coastal kelp beds, for example, appear to be three times larger than in the past four or five years.
All coastal kitchens make strong use of fish and coconuts.
Coastal lagoons offer superb opportunities for sailing , water-skiing , jetskiing and fishing.
Coastal living provides for a variety of recreational activities along the beautiful Gulf beaches.
Coastal locations are in the greatest danger from hurricanes.
Coastal loss is also a huge cultural issue in Louisiana.
Coastal lows are visible along the Namibian coast and in Maputo area.
Coastal lowlands are much hotter.
Coastal lowlands lie in the east.
Coastal management adopts a multidisciplinary approach.
Coastal management is a young discipline.
Coastal management is increasingly important in an Irish context.
Coastal management is now a key task facing maritime nations.
Coastal management is to be achieved by co-ordinated and integrated planning and decision making.
Coastal mangroves are important nursery habitats and biodiversity reservoirs in coastal areas.
Coastal marshes are wetlands with fresh water, brackish water or salt water along tidal shores.
Coastal marshes attract waterfowl and seabirds from around the world.
Coastal mountains are responsible for the drier and less muted climate.
Coastal mountains stop coastal breezes from moving clouds Eastward.
Coastal oceans receive a steady stream of nutrients that run off of the land.
Coastal outlines improve visualization.
Some coastal parishes are remote, and some are sparsely populated.
Coastal parks offer opportunities for whale watching and tidepooling.
Some coastal paths are also open.
Coastal people live in big villages, with houses well above the ground on poles.
Coastal people shoot seals in the open ocean.
Coastal peoples have access to an abundance of shells.
Coastal places have stories to tell for both Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal people.
A coastal plain is a ground
Coastal plain has biggest town and several rivers.
Coastal plains are lands.
Coastal plains are narrow, and there are no major highland valleys or significant rivers.
Coastal plains have near horizontal strata.
Coastal plains predominate on the east coast of both main islands.
Many coastal plains have a terraced landscape that stair-steps down to the coast.
Coastal plants live in specific habitats.
Many coastal plants are indigenous like naupaka kahakai .
Coastal pollution is a major problem in some countries of the Middle East.
Most coastal pollution starts on land.
Coastal populations commute daily to forage in salt marshes and on tidal mudflats.
Coastal populations continue to grow.
Coastal populations forage daily in salt marshes and on tidal mudflats.
Some coastal populations live in salt marshes.
Coastal ports are often inaccessible without icebreaker support.
Coastal prairie provides grazing for wild and domestic animals, including dairy cattle.
Coastal processes are very complex.
Every coastal property has some degree of surface and groundwater flow.
Coastal proposals have a scoring advantage over inland proposals.
Coastal races are late-mature dependent species.
Coastal rain is therefore isotopically different from inland and different again in the mountains.
Coastal redwoods survive by growing in groves.
Coastal regions are also a bit cooler and often have a steady sea breeze.
Coastal regions are densely populated and are subject to human exploitation for food.
Coastal regions are especially sensitive to changes in sea level.
Coastal regions are hot and humid while the higher elevations are more temperate.
Coastal regions are subject to saltwater intrusion.
Coastal regions can receive a lot of rain because they pull up moisture from surrounding waters.
Coastal regions experience fog.
Coastal regions experience frequent fog.
Coastal regions have hurricanes.
Coastal regions receive rain.
Most coastal regions experience frequent fog.
Most coastal regions receive rain.
Some coastal regions have continuity.
Coastal residents can plant shrubs and rich producing berry plants.
Coastal residents use mangroves for fuel, construction materials, food, medicines, and tannins.
Coastal resources are limited and fragile.
Many coastal resources depend on ocean currents for their ecological balance.
Coastal rivers are steep and soils are shallow.
Coastal rivers offer world class salmon and steel head fishing in the fall and winter months.
Coastal roads are narrow and congested, and tend to be very slippery when wet.
Coastal routes explore magnificent cliff scenery and secluded coves.
Coastal routes explore magnificent cliff scenery, sandy beaches, dunes and secluded coves.
Coastal sagebrush is intermingled with the coyote brush.
Coastal salt marshes.
Coastal scrub can be treeless.
Coastal scrub is low, dense, dry forest near the coast.
Coastal seaweeds are usually green in surface waters, red in shallow water, brown a little deeper.
Some coastal seaweed survive in warmer northern waters.
Coastal shipping excludes foreign and one port freight shipping.
Coastal soils are generally sandy with organic muck type soils in central parts of the state.
Some coastal soils are deep sands that are well drained or excessively drained.
Some coastal species eat small mollusks.
Coastal states face wind problems.
Coastal states have hurricane construction standards.
Coastal states maintain a constant vigilance to prevent outbreaks of shellfish poisoning.
Coastal stations experience the same sort of effect, whenever the wind is right.
Coastal stocks spawn in the mouths of estuaries from from late winter to early spring.
Coastal storms are the primary agents of change in the levels of the sea, land and groundwater.
Coastal storms bring strong wind.
Coastal storms bring wind.
Coastal storms produce the greatest bounty of seashells and sea beans.
Most coastal storms bring strong wind.
Most coastal storms bring wind.
Some coastal storms are followed by heavy lake effect snow.
Some coastal storms are followed by heavy snow.
Some coastal storms are followed by lake effect snow.
Some coastal storms are followed by snow.
Coastal strawberry is one of the parents of our modern cultivated strawberry.
Many coastal systems show relatively strong vertical stratification.
Coastal Taipans have a different story.
Coastal temperatures are usually high.
Coastal temperatures are usually very mild and vary little during the year.
Coastal tourism is a mainstay of the country's economy.
Coastal tourism is a major portion of the gross domestic product in many small island nations.
Coastal tourism is California's largest ocean-dependent industry.
Coastal tourism is the major industry of the region, and inland tourism is growing.
Coastal tourism is vital to the U.S. economy.
Coastal tourism seems nearly impossible to control.
Coastal towns are prone to storms from the sea.
Coastal towns have excellent fish and most travelers are happy to live on the delicious local tuna.
Coastal towns have excellent fish and most travellers are happy to live on the delicious local tuna.
Coastal towns offer fresh seafood, fun entertainment and interesting shopping.
Many coastal towns have commercial fishing.
Coastal vegetation is found on the entire southern coast.
Coastal vegetation is scoured away or buried during such overwashes across the coast.
Coastal vegetation lessens the impact of waves and winds associated with a storm surge.
Coastal views is an important issue in California.
Coastal villages are small.
Most coastal villages offer a wide variety of watersports.
Coastal villagers pay when toxic effluent from pens renders their shellfish suspect.
Coastal villagers tend to have traditional rather than legally recognized property rights.
Coastal waters are a source of cod, capelin, lump fish, and sculpin.
Coastal waters are amongst the most diverse and productive fishing areas.
Coastal waters are particularly rich in meroplankton.
Coastal waters are shallow so fishing is easier here.
Coastal waters are valuable from both an environmental and economic perspective.
Coastal waters have a particular importance in supporting smaller vessels and low impact fishing.
Coastal waters have both local and global relevance.
Coastal waters provide foraging grounds for hawksbill and green turtles.
Coastal waters suffer from having so many people living and working nearby.
Coastal waters support critical habitat and nurseries for a vast number of important marine species.
Coastal waters support fish, birds, invertebrates, and other wildlife.
Coastal waters teem with life.
Coastal waters teem with marine fauna, particularly mollusks, for which the Philippines is noted.
All coastal waters remain closed to the harvest of shellfish.
Most coastal waters are replete with iron and adding more has no useful effect.
Coastal weather is fickle.
Coastal wetlands absorb the erosive energy of waves, further reducing erosion.
Coastal wetlands are a diminishing resource.
Coastal wetlands are also habitats for many furbearing mammals that provide for a strong fur market.
Coastal wetlands are also important for keeping coastal waters clean.
Coastal wetlands are among the ecosystems most vulnerable to climate change.
Coastal wetlands are among the most productive ecosystems on Earth.
Coastal wetlands are an important factor to insure the success of bird migration.
Coastal wetlands are home to a variety of animals.
Coastal wetlands are likely to be lost to sea level rise.
Coastal wetlands are the life zones for a number of species and they are popular recreation points.
Coastal wetlands are valuable resources.
Coastal wetlands are variable ecosystems, making monitoring and assessment difficult.
Coastal wetlands help to blunt the force of major storms.
Coastal wetlands occur in estuaries, behind barrier islands, and along low-energy coastlines.
Coastal wetlands play a major role by absorbing the force of storms as they hit shore.
Coastal wetlands provide habitat for migrating, wintering and breeding birds.
Coastal wetlands provide many benefits to society.
Coastal wetlands serve as havens for native plants and animals.
Many coastal wetlands contain swamp communities along the landward margin.
Coastal wildlife includes elephant seals and sea lions.
Coastal wildlife includes fur seals, yellow-eyed penguins and little blue penguins.
Coastal winds are more localized and variable.
Coastal winds blow landward during the day and seaward at night.
Some Coastal workers are clearly pleased with the idea of the union.
Coastal zone ecotones.
Coastal zones are ecologically and economically important.
Coastal zones are home to the oceans' bounty.
Coastal zones are one type of ecosystem where biodiversity loss is of great concern in Japan.
Coastal zones are the most nutrient-rich life zones of the oceans.
Coastal zones face flooding, as warmer oceans expand and rise.
Coastal zones play a significant role in the economic development of many developing countries.
Coastal zones provide nitrogen from runoff and upwelling occurs readily along the coast.
A coaster brake is a brake
Coaster brakes are common on single speed bicycles.
Coaster brakes are efficient, rugged and responsive.
Some coaster brakes are part of bicycles.
Some coaster brakes are part of bikes.
A coaster is a mover
Coaster brakes with a chain guard, high rise handle bars, and padded crossbar.
Coaster isa artifact.
Coaster offers a diverse calendar of entertainment with something for everyone.
Coaster performs very well in the background.
Coaster speaks the truth.
Coaster stands there, in a shiny impressive police uniform.
Coaster uses the sound input manager for recording.
Coasters are black plastic with design in bottom.
Coasters are located in desks.
Coasters are located in drawers.
Coasters are located in tables.
Coasters are movers.
Coasters are protective covering.
Coasters are residents.
Coasters are ships.
Coasters are special.
Coasters do offer thrills.
Coasters go forward two feet for every foot they climb.
Coasters have (part) sections.
Coasters have bottoms.
Coasters have diameters.
Coasters have sides.
Coasters have table protectors on the bottom.
Coasters Make a set with baby's handprints.
Coasters Use a piece of tape to cover the center hole.
All coasters have a moisture protective finish.
Most coasters have bottoms.
Most coasters have diameters.
Most coasters have sides.
Some coasters demonstrate energy.
Some coasters demonstrate kinetic energy.
Some coasters have engines.
Some coasters offer advantage.
Coastguard equipment varies enormously from one part of the world to another.
Coastline prediction displays areas below and above sea level at a chosen time.
A coastline is an outline
Coastline isa boundary.
Coastlines also encourages the submission of printable art.
Coastlines are an obstacle to the free flow of water.
Coastlines are being killed, report warns.
Coastlines are fractal patterns.
Coastlines are littered with the evidence of erosion and the power of the sea.
Coastlines are mostly rocky and rough.
Coastlines are natural things.
Coastlines are outlines.
Coastlines are shorelines.
Coastlines are thin solid lines , and international borders are dashed lines .
Coastlines become properties.
Coastlines have continental shelves.
Coastlines have harbors.
Coastlines have shallow continental shelves.
Coastlines have shallow shelves.
Coastlines have shelves.
Coastlines is published four times a year.
Coastlines offer habitats.
Coastlines provide opportunity.
Coastlines turn into rugged boulders, then into sand, and then finally into sub-atomic particles.
Coastlines always fluctuate.
Most coastlines become properties.
Most coastlines have continental shelves.
Most coastlines have harbors.
Most coastlines have shallow shelves.
Most coastlines have shelves.
Most coastlines offer habitats.
Most coastlines provide opportunity.
Some coastlines are occupied by mangroves.
Some coastlines are very dramatic, with tall, vertical cliffs whilst others are low-lying or marshy.
Some coastlines attract birds.
Some coastlines lead to regions.
Some coat buttons are part of anoraks.
Some coat buttons are part of coats.
Some coat buttons are part of jackets.
Some coat buttons are part of macs.
Some coat buttons are part of raincoats.
Coat check is available at all major venues.
Coat check is mandatory for the safety, comfort and security of everyone.
A coat hanger is a hanger
Coat hangers are hangers.
Coat hangers are inanimate objects.
Coat hangers are located in closets.
Coat hangers are perfect for body armatures, wings, and legs.
Coat hangers can make an effective temporary splint on a rear limb.
Coat hangers use clothe pins.
Coat hangers use pins.
Most coat hangers use clothe pins.
Most coat hangers use pins.
Some coat hangers are thinner and therefore easier to cut.
Coats of arm are insignias.
A coat of arms is an emblem
Coats of arms are hereditary, and are normally only passed down through the male side of the family.
Coats of arms are rather precisely defined affairs.
Coats of Arms are retrievable alphabetically by surname through the master index.
Coats of Arms are the personal property of the bearer.
Coats of Arms are usually too complicated.
Coats of arms belong to individuals.
Coats of arms have no official registry in France.
Many coats of arms go back in some families for a number of generations.
A coat rack is a rack
Coat racks are available for bags and jackets.
Coat racks are available for clothing articles.
A coat is a garment
Coat balls evenly with beaten eggs and breadcrumbs.
Coat balls with egg white.
Coat breasts with flour, dip in egg, coat with bread crumbs.
Coat brushes in place with ease.
Coat bulkheads with polyester resin.
Coat check available.
Coat damp pellets lightly with montmorillonite.
Coat doughnuts with granulated sugar while warm.
Coat drive Depth below pronunciation off one wonder horse however learn across an ability.
Coat gears with light oil.
Coat hotdogs with batter.
Coat isa garment.
Coat leaves with a herbicide containing ammonium sulfamate, repeat as necessary.
Coat leaves with liquid polyurethane to seal, and let dry.
Coat leaves with polyurethane spray.
Coat pretzels in chocolate.
Coat sandwiches entirely with the egg mixture, drain off excess batter, and place in the hot pan.
Coat satellites with it to collect samples of space dust.
Coat shrimp well with marinade.
Coat sides with ground pistachios.
Coat tenderloins with spice mixture.
Coat tiles with a non-acrylic matte sealer.
Coat tops with brown sugar and globs of butter.
Coat tops with cooking spray.
Coat travados before serving.
Coat vegetables lightly with olive oil spray and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Coats also believes students learn how to write and communicate in the business genre.
Coats are custom fitted.
Coats are dark red to brown, often with a lighter stripe down the back.
Coats are full length, whereas jackets are shorter.
Coats are garments.
Coats are hair.
Coats are in better condition and color.
Coats are just above the kneecap.
Coats are located in backpacks.
Coats are located in closets.
Coats are long and dense, and ears are thickly furred.
Coats are made of materials.
Coats are made of waterproof materials.
Coats are made of wool.
Coats are more, depending upon what needs to be done.
Coats are mostly long, but knee-length to balance cropped pants.
Coats are of the polo or ulster variety.
Coats are part of mammals.
Coats are protective covering.
Coats are slim fitting, belted and semi-long.
Coats are slim, linear and geometric and it is fastened with a reversed collar.
Coats are tan and mature males have long hair on the chest and forelegs, commonly called chaps.
Coats are to be stored in student lockers.
Coats are without collars, lapels or pockets.
Coats break on inside of tire with rubber cement.
Coats can be smooth or wiry.
Coats come in a variety of lengths from short to long.
Coats come in a wide range of types and textures.
Coats come in most colors and patterns.
Coats consist of rusty red fur with a white patch on the back of the neck.
Coats have (part) bands.
Coats have (part) breast pockets.
Coats have (part) button holes.
Coats have (part) coat buttons.
Coats have (part) collars.
Coats have (part) cuffs.
Coats have (part) hems.
Coats have (part) lap covering.
Coats have (part) pocket flaps.
Coats have (part) sections.
Coats have (part) skirts.
Coats have (part) sleeve.
Coats have (part) stripes.
Coats have color.
Coats have cuffs.
Coats have different color.
Coats have double layers.
Coats have down turn sleeve cuffs and a split back seam with two piece back belts.
Coats have fur wrist cuffs.
Coats have hues.
Coats have inner layers.
Coats have irregular patterns.
Coats have layers.
Coats have membranous layers.
Coats have patterns.
Coats have reddish color.
Coats have satin sheen.
Coats have sheen.
Coats help animals.
Coats help hares.
Coats help predators.
Coats made of protected ocelots hang in a Greek shop.
Coats provide protection.
Coats range from grizzled brown, gray or reddish backs and off white to orange undersides.
Coats secure around the dogs waist with a thin nylon strap.
Coats surface with lustrous, protective finish.
Coats tend to be more profuse in males.
Coats tend to grow faster in the summer than in the winter.
Coats vary in density depending on their habitat.
Coats vary in texture.
Coats usually have free-hanging linings.
All coats are available in leather or suede, in black, brown, green, navy or tan.
All coats are complete, with scroll and mural crown.
All coats are now black except for the fire police which are still blue.
All coats are on coat hooks and all personal belongings in the area designated by the teacher.
All coats have functional cuffs with three button closure.
All coats shed, smooth coats shed the most.
More coats equal more light.
More coats mean less ultraviolet rays, flare and glare.
More coats mean less ultraviolet rays.
Most coats are made of materials.
Most coats are made of waterproof materials.
Most coats come with hoods, try to find one that does.
Most coats have color.
Most coats have cuffs.
Most coats have different color.
Most coats have double layers.
Most coats have fur wrist cuffs.
Most coats have hues.
Most coats have inner layers.
Most coats have irregular patterns.
Most coats have layers.
Most coats have membranous layers.
Most coats have patterns.
Most coats have satin sheen.
Most coats help animals.
Most coats help hares.
Most coats help predators.
Most coats provide protection.
Some coat beads to treat infection.
Some coat beads to treat soft tissue infection.
Some coat beads to treat tissue infection.
Some coats are shiny, some are dull and all are moving so slightly in the breeze.
Some coats are so long they nearly touch the ground.
Some coats can be course, but most are short and tight.
Some coats have blotches.
Some coats have dark blotches.
Some coats have distinct odor.
Some coats have excellent resistance.
Some coats have heat.
Some coats have odor.
Some coats have peculiar smell.
Some coats have resistance.
Some coats have rosettes.
Some coats have saddles.
Some coats have spheres.
Some coats have spots.
Some coats have white spots.
Some coats help cold weather.
Some coats help deer.
Some coats help erosion.
Some coats help fawns.
Some coats help heat.
Some coats help pandas.
Some coats help weather.
Some coats help yaks.
Some coats react differently to different ingredients.
Some coats reflect light.
Some coats reflect sunlight.
Some coats tend to be greasy.
Coates also foresees outdoor events on the patio.
Coates disagrees and argues that theory has no support.
Coates now challenges the restitution order.
Coated aspirin dissolves mainly in the intestine.
Coated aspirin helps relieve pain and has few side effects.
Coated aspirin is best if suffering from any gastrointestinal problems.
Coated book is for the best reproductions where quality and color accuracy are important.
Coated book is made from a base sheet of uncoated book.
Coated bullets are the rage for serious riflemen.
Coated clamp holds insulin bottles securely in place for one-handed use.
Coated coils are also a testament to the integrity of the paint and coatings industry.
Coated colors are for use on glossy or satin surfaced papers.
Coated dogs can be any color, or combination of colors.
Coated feet protect counter tops.
Coated heads have a thin gritty film covering the head.
Coated heads offer a natural muffling due to the coating, where clear heads offer no muffling.
Coated lenses reduce glare and the halo effect common in uncoated lenses.
Coated lenses reduce internal glare and increase the amount of light.
Coated materials are less soluble.
Some coated mills make customized papers for major buyers.
Coated optics give off a green or reddish hue when looked at from a distance.
Coated paper has a smooth surface finish and comes either glossy, dull, or matte.
Coated paper is provided.
Coated paper is used in applications such as magazine paper and corporate reports.
Coated papers are available in a variety of finishes, including gloss, dull, and matte.
Coated papers are available in a variety of finishes, like gloss, dull, and matte.
Coated papers are more rigid but easier to handle.
Coated papers are thinner, smoother, and have better ink holdout for sharper print quality.
Coated papers can range from matte to very shiny finishes.
Coated papers can range from very glossy finishes to matte finishes.
Coated papers have a sheen or gloss that allows little or no absorbency.
Coated papers prevent that saturation.
Coated papers tend to have good ink holdout.
Many coated papers can be difficult to dry without adhering once they are wet.
Many coated papers can be difficult to dry without sticking together once they are wet.
Coated parts retain the excellent thermal conductivity of aluminum.
Coated pistons are ideal for severe duty performance engines and everyday applications.
Coated pits act as molecular filters.
Coated pits disappear and reappear at discrete sites .
Coated pits move coordinately on detergent extraction .
Coated prisms are available for precise control of the air gap.
Coated sheets offer many advantages over uncoated sheets in terms of print quality.
Coated slides are available .
Coated stock is used throughout to demonstrate color principles and design elements.
Coated stocks dry by oxidation.
Coated stocks hold better foil detail.
Coated surface requires additional ink drying time.
Coated surfaces are likewise to be evaluated to determine their suitability for welding.
Coated termites carry effectively larger loads of toxicant than do bait-fed termites.
Coated vesicles develop during endocytosis.
Coated webs can demand special release finishes.
A coati is a procyonid
Coati are diurnal and forage from dusk to dawn.
Coati find food using their keen sense of smell.
Coati is an omnivore.
Coati isa mammal.
Coatis eat prey.
Coatis have (part) brains.
Coatis have (part) breasts.
Coatis have (part) cell membranes.
Coatis have (part) cells.
Coatis have (part) chest cavities.
Coatis have (part) chests.
Coatis have (part) corpi.
Coatis have (part) cytoplasm.
Coatis have (part) ears.
Coatis have (part) faces.
Coatis have (part) heads.
Coatis have (part) nuclei.
Coatis have (part) pedal extremities.
Coatis have (part) piluses.
Coatis have (part) plasma membranes.
Coatis have (part) rib cages.
Coatis have (part) sections.
Coatis have (part) skulls.
Coatis have (part) sterna.
Coatis have (part) vacuoles.
Coatis have (part) vertebrate feet.
Coatis live in packs in the forests of South and Central America.
Coatis spend considerable time on the ground, but they climb trees as easily as a squirrel.
Coating adds more articulation and durability.
Coating adds scratch resistance and chemical resistance to glass clear polycarbonate.
Coating also increases the nail's holding power.
Coating are covering.
Coating are dressings.
Coating are fabric.
Coating are porous.
Coating can affect the look and feel of fabrics.
Coating can be either single side or double sided.
Coating can be photo or temperature or pH sensitive.
Coating can withstand high tensile stresses and hence applicable to prestressing strands.
Coating comes prepackaged in a disposable cartridge.
Coating contains microscopic capsules of a colorless dye solution.
Coating has (part) sections.
Coating has high flexibility.
Coating has no abrasion resistance.
Coating helps reduce screen glare and reflection.
Coating is a means to chemically and physically alter surfaces of fabric.
Coating is actually part of the metal.
Coating is applied in order to improve printing on the paper.
Coating is associated with chromosome silencing.
Coating is becomes ineffective after steam cleaning.
Coating is damaged.
Coating is highly durable even in continuous contact with water.
Coating is mildew resistant and offers additional protection against flash rusting.
Coating is much more cost-effective.
Coating is non-reactive and lasts at least ten times as long as filament sources.
Coating is sprayed on to acoustical board to aid in the reduction of reflected sound.
Coating is too thick.
Coating is usually resistant to attack by paint solvents.
Coating isa artifact.
Coating keeps moisture out of the mukluk.
Coating prevents acid corrosion.
Coating prevents corrosion.
Coating protects the foam insulation from water and dirt.
Coating protects the guitar string from contamination and reduces string corrosion and noise.
Coating provides good notch resistance.
Coating provides water resistance for the upper portion of the boot.
Coating takes a little practice.
Coatings also contain chemicals to reduce the formation of algae or mildew.
Coatings also play a major role in modern nails.
Coatings are also beneficial when used to prevent clumping.
Coatings are aluminum.
Coatings are approx.
Coatings are computer designed in-house using automated optimization techniques.
Coatings are critical as the first line of defense against corrosion.
Coatings are dielectric, electron beam and ion assisted.
Coatings are fairly good but by no means excellent.
Coatings are hard and cleanable.
Coatings are less expensive than membranes.
Coatings are nonconductive.
Coatings are substabces put on a finished sheet of paper.
Coatings are unlimited.
Coatings are water based and removable so that the plastic can be recycled.
Coatings can also hide flaws in the base sheet.
Coatings can be flexible or rigid.
Coatings can crack, chip or peel, especially when damaged.
Coatings can fail for lots of other reasons.
Coatings can fail from moisture above or below if present before curing is largely complete.
Coatings can make the hull smoother, reducing friction, and increasing performance.
Coatings can peel or be rapidly worn away from smooth concrete.
Coatings can range from a matte finish to a high-gloss finish.
Coatings can save money, increase comfort and help reduce air pollution and reroofing needs.
Coatings containing vinyl offer a softer hand, are less expensive but delaminate faster.
Coatings employing IPDA combine toughness with desired clarity and beauty.
Coatings enhance contrast and light transmission.
Coatings extend from the ultraviolet to the infrared.
Coatings generally have poor strength, ductility and impact properties.
Coatings help reduce corrosion in the final products.
Coatings improve the energy efficiency of a roof by reflecting a major portion of the sunlight.
Coatings mar under open brick.
Coatings offer excellent solvent resistance and protects threads from corrosion.
Coatings protect the tree fruit crops following harvest.
Coatings reduce glare and cut haze.
Coatings represent an important area in surface modification technologies.
Coatings show lamellar or flattened grains appearing to flow parallel to the substrate.
Coatings tend to reduce flare, raise contrast, and contribute to overall performance.
Coatings vary in durability and cost.
All coatings are available in stock and custom colors, plus UV protection.
All coatings are permeable to water, some more so than others.
All coatings used are UV-curable for durability and appearance.
More coatings mean brighter, crisper images.
Most coatings are available in a variety of combinations and on virtually all materials.
Most coatings are over nylon fabric.
Some coating has properties.
Some coating offers good weather resistance.
Some coating offers resistance.
Some coating offers weather resistance.
Some coating reflects radiation.
Some coating reflects solar radiation.
Some coatings appear promising' to slow down the attack.
Some coatings are for protection while others have a decorative purpose.
Some coatings protect against corrosion, thermal fatigue, and oxidation.
A coauthor is an author
Coauthors appear in the first column.
A coax cable is a line
Coax cable has a much higher capacitance than typical line level cable.
Coax cable is a semi-rigid round cable.
Coax cable is called coaxial because everything is on the same axis.
Coax cable resembles cable TV wire.
Coax fittings become very easy and simple to solder.
Coax termination is in process.
Coax is a line
All coax has loss but the better quality ones can minimize loss.
Most coaxes have about the same slope.
A coaxial cable is a line
Coaxial cable allows tapping into it because it picks up and radiates the signals.
Coaxial cable can carry hundreds of times more information than telephone wiring.
Coaxial cable carries the signal from the pedestal to the home.
Coaxial cable feeds to all classrooms.
Coaxial cable has a different set of requirements.
Coaxial cable has better data transmission rate than twisted pair.
Coaxial cable has two conductors that share the same axis.
Coaxial cable is a most common method of video transmission.
Coaxial cable is a single wire running the length of the cable.
Coaxial cable is a two wire conductor with a larger bandwidth than twisted pair cable.
Coaxial cable is also cable.
Coaxial cable is also vulnerable to being cut by digging or farm machinery.
Coaxial cable is an economical method of delivering multiple TV channels to millions of viewers.
Coaxial cable is fine for networking.
Coaxial cable is like a fire hose.
Coaxial cable is probably the most well-known type of cable.
Coaxial cable is reasonably inexpensive.
Coaxial cable is the cheapest physical medium for setting up a network.
Coaxial cable is used extensively in networking and data communications.
Coaxial cable is very expensive and used for high speed access.
Coaxial cable looks like cable-TV wiring.
Coaxial cable reaches coast to coast.
Coaxial cables are available for check-out at both area offices.
Coaxial cables are cables.
Coaxial cables are electrical wire.
Coaxial cables are much safer near disks.
Coaxial cables connect each node directly to homes.
Coaxial cables connect the recorders to a seismic pit outside the building.
Coaxial cables have a wider bandwidth than twisted pair but less than that available over fibre.
Coaxial cables minimize the amount of jitter in a transmission.
Coaxial lighting reveals retro-reflective security patterns.
Coaxial lines confine virtually all of the electromagnetic wave to the area inside the cable.
Coaxial plugs are normal, and anderson powerpoles are widely accepted as a standard.
Coaxial relays allow the selection of up to three antennas per cable.
Coaxial versions are also available.
Cob houses are suitable for the desert or for very cold climates.
A cob is a seagull
Cob is a mix of dirt, sand and straw which can be made into any shape.
Cob is a mixture of clay and long-stemmed straw.
Cob is a recent arrival in the United States.
Cob is a traditional European building method.
Cob is a very low cost, but labor intensive method, to create a natural home.
Cob is affordable.
Cob is an affordable construction method that utilizes recycled materials.
Cob is an alternative building material produced by mixing earth, sand, clay, and straw with water.
Cob is an ancient construction method that was used in many parts of the world.
Cob is an organic building material made out of soil, sand, clay and straw.
Cob is comfortable.
Cob is easy to learn and inexpensive to build.
Cob is long-lasting.
Cob is lumps, or rounded masses of earth mixed with sand and straw, by hand and foot.
Cob is made of earth, straw and sand, and dries to a hardness similar to lean concrete.
Cob is one of many methods for building with raw earth, the world's commonest construction material.
Cob is one of the cheapest building materials imaginable.
Cob is very resistant to weathering.
Cob isa nut.
Cob needs time and dry weather to dry.
Cob uses clay soil, sand and some straw, just like adobe bricks.
Cob uses earth, straw and sand as materials and dries to a hardness similar to lean concrete.
Cobs are six to seven inches long, eight rowed with well-filled kernels.
Cobs are swans.
Cobs have (part) kernels.
Cobs have (part) sections.
Cobs splitting down their length is usually due to a narrow concave gap.
Some cobs have plumages.
Some cobs have white plumages.
A cobalamin is a B vitamin
Cobalamin contains cobalt, a mineral that stimulates the production of red blood cells.
Cobalamin helps stimulate metabolism and is indicated for chronic fatigue syndrome.
Cobalamin is obtained only from animal sources-liver, kidneys, meat, fish, eggs, and milk.
Cobalamin is synthesized exclusively by bacteria.
Cobalt blue is blue
Cobalt blue is colour.
Cobalt blue is expensive even today for two reasons.
Cobalt blue is pigment.
Cobalt blue is rare for flasks.
Cobalt blue is semi-opaque.
Cobalt blue is the characteristic color of stoneware decoration.
Cobalt blue is the most luminous color in a stained glass window.
Cobalt blue is used widely by artists .
Cobalt blue is used widely by artists.
Cobalt blue remains a popular colour for glasses.
Cobalt carbonate is moderately toxic by ingestion.
Cobalt deficiencies cause lack.
Cobalt lakes reflect cascading snow-peaks.
Cobalt nitrate can cause skin and eye irritation.
Cobalt oxide is added in very small amounts to glass ingredients to produce the cobalt blue color.
Cobalt oxide makes glass turn blue.
Cobalt oxide turns glass blue.
Cobalt violet is the only truly lightfast violet pigment with relatively strong color saturation.
Cobalt are expensive.
Cobalt can stay for years in water and soil.
Cobalt competes with iron for absorption.
Cobalt enters the environment from natural sources and from the burning of coal and oil.
Cobalt forms an alloy with steel.
Cobalt gives rich blue or black.
Cobalt has (part) atoms.
Cobalt is a brittle, hard metal, closely resembling iron and nickel in appearance.
Cobalt is a brittle, hard metal, that closely resembles iron and nickel in appearance.
Cobalt is a by product or coproduct of the refining of other mined metals such as copper and nickel.
Cobalt is a common metal that is often combined with other metals to make metal alloys.
Cobalt is a compound that occurs in nature.
Cobalt is a definite carcinogen in animals, and a suspected carcinogen in humans.
Cobalt is a hard ferromagnetic, silver-white, hard, lustrous, brittle element.
Cobalt is a hard, bluish-white metal.
Cobalt is a hard, brittle metal.
Cobalt is a high performance material.
Cobalt is a lovely, bold, true blue.
Cobalt is a pioneer in the network server appliance market.
Cobalt is a radiation source that constantly emits radiation.
Cobalt is a radioactive source which gives off a particular type of radiation called gamma rays.
Cobalt is a silvery metal with a bluish tint.
Cobalt is a silvery, bluish-white, odorless, and magnetic metal .
Cobalt is a strategic and critical metal used in many diverse industrial and military applications.
Cobalt is a transition element on the periodic table.
Cobalt is a transition metal.
Cobalt is a weakly reducing metal that is protected from oxidation by a passivating oxide film.
Cobalt is chemical elements.
Cobalt is colour.
Cobalt is essential for nutrition in many animals.
Cobalt is essential to existence.
Cobalt is essential to the metabolism of all animals .
Cobalt is ferromagnetic.
Cobalt is found as a mixture of two allotropes over a wide temperature range.
Cobalt is metal
Cobalt is metallic elements.
Cobalt is more sensitive to sulfur than iron .
Cobalt is more sensitive to sulfur than iron.
Cobalt is of particular interest.
Cobalt is one if three naturally magnetic elements.
Cobalt is one mile on the left at the T-intersection.
Cobalt is one of the three metals that are ferromagnetic at room temperature .
Cobalt is one of the world's leading developers of server hardware and equipment.
Cobalt is only available to a few bacteria and algae.
Cobalt is pigment.
Cobalt is present in meteorites.
Cobalt is pronounced as KO-bolt.
Cobalt is reactive with organic pigments, having a tendency to turn brown.
Cobalt is shown here.
Cobalt is stable in air and unaffected by water, but is slowly attacked by dilute acids.
Cobalt is taken up by plants from the soil.
Cobalt is too reactive to occur pure in the earth .
Cobalt is too reactive to occur pure in the earth.
Cobalt is transition metal.
Cobalt is typically more enriched in pyrite than in chalcopyrite throughout.
Cobalt is up against some of the industry's toughest competitors.
Cobalt is used for the solution of thir business.
Cobalt is very well positioned for that.
Cobalt is, as the name implies, a very deep shade of blue.
Cobalt isa metal.
Cobalt occurs mainly as smalite.
Cobalt offers more powerful models from the factory, as well.
Cobalt pays attention to details and it shows.
Cobalt produces blue for example.
Cobalt provides peace of mind.
Cobalt resides in both silicate phases and in pyrite.
Cobalt s open standards based design is very scalable and has a wide-range of uses.
Cobalt shows the typical properties of a transition metal.
Cobalt stays in the air for a few days.
Cobalt stimulates many enzymes of the body and normalizes the performance of other body cells.
Cobalt tends to exist as a mixture of two allotropes over a wide temperature range.
All cobalt used in industry is imported or obtained by recycling scrap metal that contains cobalt.
Most cobalt comes from Central Africa.
Coban coffee is reminiscent of a fine wine.
A cobber is a buddy
Cobbers win duals vs each visiting team.
Cobble deformations are another type of deformation structure.
Some cobble deposits are present near the breakwater.
Cobble size becomes finer toward the west.
A cobble is a stone
Cobbles are a size of gravel larger than pebbles, but smaller than boulders. .
Cobbles are extremely tough, and even breaking open a raw cobble can be difficult.
Cobbles are present in some pedons.
Cobbles are, however, abundant in beaches of the extinct lake.
Cobbles predominate in most pedons.
Cobbles remain on the surface, where trees that are now off to the side once grew.
Cobbles wait to be trodden.
A cobbler is a maker
Cobblers also are available.
Cobblers are food.
Cobblers are makers.
Cobblers are mountains.
Cobblers are nonsense.
Cobblers are testises.
Cobblers can replace lace hooks on virtually any boot.
Cobblers can replace most soles on high-quality hiking and climbing boots.
Cobblers can usually repair a seam that has unraveled or torn open.
Cobblers can usually repair a torn seam or patch holes caused by chewing critters.
Cobblers mend the soles on our shoes, and clergymen are supposed to save our souls.
Cobblers use several techniques to stretch toe boxes and other areas to improve fit.
Cobblestone paths lead to garage and gazebo.
Cobblestone roads are also present.
Cobblestone streets are alive with street vendors, golf carts, and mopeds.
Cobblestone streets lead to quaint cafes.
A cobblestone is a stone
Cobblestone alleys with numerous boutiques lead down to the waterfront.
Cobblestone promises to be one of the finest, most picturesque golf courses in the Midwest.
Cobblestones are located in fields.
Cobblestones are rocks found in streams, rounded by the action of water.
Cobblestones are spectacular.
Cobby type is a compact body, deep chest, short legs and broad head.
Cobden teachers are on strike.
A cobia is a bony fish
Cobia are excellent eating and also give a fantastic battle.
Cobia are here all of the warmer months.
Cobia are one of very few fishes found around the world in tropic and warm temperate seas.
Cobia are very streamlined, with a flat head.
Cobia can grow large.
Cobia considers standard.
Cobia has to rate among the very best in taste and texture of flesh.
Cobia have a brown back and sides of alternating light and dark lateral stripes.
Cobia have brown backs, a darker stripe extending the length of their sides, and are white beneath.
Cobia is an all year round catch.
Cobia is one of the few remaining fish that can sustain the charter industry.
Cobia prefer live baits like eels, pinfish, catfish and mullet.
Cobias are fish.
Coble creep is a second form of diffusion controlled creep.
Cobra plants have a bad reputation for being difficult to grow.
Cobra troopers can be an unruly bunch at times.
A cobra is a snake
Cobra isa serpent.
Cobra isa snake.
Cobras adapt to environments.
Cobras are able to raise their body up, spread the hood, and hiss loudly to scare off most threats.
Cobras are completely immune to the venom produced by their species.
Cobras are elapids.
Cobras are famous for the threatening hood at their neck.
Cobras are found from southern Africa through southern Asia to islands of Southeast Asia.
Cobras are large and diverse group of venomous snakes.
Cobras are programming language.
Cobras are revered in India and Southeast Asia.
Cobras are snakes.
Cobras are the only snakes that show at least some sort of parental behavior.
Cobras are typically opportunistic hunters, chowing down on whatever prey comes their way.
Cobras are venomous snakes.
Cobras are very dangerous snakes.
Cobras belong to families.
Cobras belong to genus.
Cobras belong to the elapids, one of the two major families of venomous snake alongside the vipers.
Cobras bite people.
Cobras can hear, although they sense sound through contact with the ground much better than humans.
Cobras chase prey.
Cobras come in coupe or convertible.
Cobras come in varying colors from black or dark brown to yellowish white.
Cobras eat amphibians.
Cobras eat lizards, frogs, birds, mammals, fish and other snakes.
Cobras generally inhabit tropical and desert regions of Asia and Africa .
Cobras generally inhabit tropical and desert regions of Asia and Africa.
Cobras has-part fangs.
Cobras have (part) brains.
Cobras have (part) breasts.
Cobras have (part) cell membranes.
Cobras have (part) cells.
Cobras have (part) chest cavities.
Cobras have (part) chests.
Cobras have (part) corpi.
Cobras have (part) cytoplasm.
Cobras have (part) ears.
Cobras have (part) faces.
Cobras have (part) heads.
Cobras have (part) nuclei.
Cobras have (part) pedal extremities.
Cobras have (part) plasma membranes.
Cobras have (part) rib cages.
Cobras have (part) sections.
Cobras have (part) skulls.
Cobras have (part) sterna.
Cobras have (part) vacuoles.
Cobras have (part) vertebrate feet.
Cobras have ability.
Cobras have cytotoxic venom.
Cobras have extensive tissues that store fat.
Cobras have eyes.
Cobras have eyesights.
Cobras have fangs.
Cobras have flexible jaws.
Cobras have good eyesights.
Cobras have habitats.
Cobras have heads.
Cobras have hollow fangs.
Cobras have jaws.
Cobras have metabolism.
Cobras have short fangs.
Cobras have slow metabolism.
Cobras have tongues.
Cobras have venom.
Cobras kill prey.
Cobras lack the sense of hearing .
Cobras live in areas.
Cobras live in humid and arid savannas, cultivated fields, grasslands and forests.
Cobras live in jungle.
Cobras live in tropical areas.
Cobras mostly prey on other snakes.
Cobras possess deadly venom.
Cobras possess venom.
Cobras prefer locations.
Cobras produce large amount of venom.
Cobras raise heads.
Cobras reproduce by laying eggs.
Cobras require coverage.
Cobras respond to stimuli.
Cobras respond to visual stimuli.
Cobras shed skin.
Cobras silently stalk their prey before attacking with raised heads and great speed.
Cobras spit venom.
Cobras strike prey.
Cobras strike upwards with the snout curled back so the fangs protrude.
Cobras swallow prey.
Cobras swallow struggle prey.
Cobras threaten meerkats.
Cobras to detect prey.
Cobras use their forked tongue to smell prey.
All cobras have a hood that they can widen to make themselves look larger and fiercer.
Most cobras adapt to environments.
Most cobras are natives of Africa.
Most cobras are shy.
Most cobras belong to families.
Most cobras belong to genus.
Most cobras bite people.
Most cobras eat amphibians.
Most cobras has-part fangs.
Most cobras have ability.
Most cobras have cytotoxic venom.
Most cobras have eyes.
Most cobras have eyesights.
Most cobras have fangs.
Most cobras have flexible jaws.
Most cobras have good eyesights.
Most cobras have habitats.
Most cobras have heads.
Most cobras have hollow fangs.
Most cobras have jaws.
Most cobras have metabolism.
Most cobras have short fangs.
Most cobras have slow metabolism.
Most cobras have tongues.
Most cobras have venom.
Most cobras kill prey.
Most cobras live in areas.
Most cobras live in jungle.
Most cobras live in tropical areas.
Most cobras possess deadly venom.
Most cobras possess venom.
Most cobras prefer locations.
Most cobras raise heads.
Most cobras require coverage.
Most cobras respond to stimuli.
Most cobras respond to visual stimuli.
Most cobras shed skin.
Most cobras threaten meerkats.
Some cobras are harvested for skin.
Some cobras bite mongeese.
Some cobras can spit their venom into a victim's eyes, causing extreme pain and blindness.
Some cobras eat snakes.
Some cobras encounter natural predators.
Some cobras establish coverage.
Some cobras excrete materials.
Some cobras excrete waste materials.
Some cobras feed on mammals.
Some cobras feed on small mammals.
Some cobras have backs.
Some cobras have distribution.
Some cobras have large ranges.
Some cobras have places.
Some cobras have pupils.
Some cobras have ranges.
Some cobras have reputations.
Some cobras have the ability to spread their hood.
Some cobras kill elephants.
Some cobras lay their eggs in ground holes or under a natural cover, such as a rock.
Some cobras lay their eggs in nests they assemble themselves.
Some cobras occur at elevation.
Some cobras produce sound.
Some cobras seek shelter.
Some cobras specialize in eating only one particular snake species.
Some cobras spit venom at their prey.
Some cobras take down rat snakes.
Some cobras take down snakes.
Cobweb eliminator is a natural product that prevents spiders from spinning webs.
Cobweb eliminator seems to discourage web reformation as well.
Cobweb mold is favored by high humidity.
Cobweb spiders construct webs in corners and areas of little traffic such as basements.
Cobweb weavers have eight eyes on the front of their cephalothorax, arranged in two rows of four.
Cobweb isa filament.
Cobwebs cover it and dirt encrusts it.
Cobwebs go to sleep.
COBWebS expects heading elements to be used for headings only .
COBWebS makes no attempt to filter out student pages.
COCA members look and listen for any disturbances caused by off campus students.
Cocaine abuse can sometimes make sinus surgery necessary.
Cocaine abuse increases the risk.
Cocaine abuse is a life and death matter.
Cocaine abuse is extremely difficult to treat, and is highly habit-forming.
Cocaine abuse is particularly high for adolescent Hispanic girls.
Cocaine abuse is thought to be escalating as street prices are dropping.
Cocaine abuse produces an example of such a withdrawal.
A cocaine addict is a junky
Cocaine addicts are drug addicts.
Cocaine addicts are often individuals who repeatedly engage in risky behavior.
Cocaine addicts fill our jails.
Many cocaine addicts consume all of their drug supply and then collapse from exhaustion.
Cocaine addiction appears to differ from heroin addiction.
Cocaine addiction can occur very quickly and be very difficult to break.
Cocaine addiction can ruin physical and mental health.
Cocaine addiction can trap anyone.
Cocaine addiction develops through repeated exposure to the drug.
Cocaine addiction is a bigger problem.
Cocaine addiction is a disease.
Cocaine addiction is a much bigger and trickier problem.
Cocaine addiction is a significant problem in today's society.
Cocaine addiction is common.
Cocaine addiction is drug addiction.
Cocaine addiction is habituation
Cocaine addiction is present at birth in hypoics only.
Cocaine hydrochloride is a central nervous system stimulant derived from the coca plant.
Cocaine hydrochloride is a white powder that can be sniffed or injected.
Cocaine hydrochloride is dissolved in water.
Cocaine intoxication is much briefer than amphetamine intoxication, requiring more frequent dosing.
Cocaine intoxication is poisoning of the body by use of too much cocaine.
Cocaine intoxication occurs when a person smokes, snorts, or injects too much cocaine.
Cocaine use affects all ages and socioeconomic brackets.
Cocaine use can be dangerous as well as lead to addiction.
Cocaine use can cause heart attacks, seizures, strokes, and respiratory failure.
Cocaine use can result in cardiovascular collapse, coma and death.
Cocaine use can result in stroke, brain hemorrhage, brain infection, and psychiatric disorders.
Cocaine use can temporarily cause hypertension.
Cocaine use causes a brief, sudden wave of high blood pressure.
Cocaine use causes addiction.
Cocaine use causes many deaths in the United States.
Cocaine use commands the highest level of peer disapproval for every year shown.
Cocaine use continues to be rare in Scotland.
Cocaine use creates psychological and physical dependence.
Cocaine use increases heart rate and causes vasoconstriction.
Cocaine use increases the rate of miscarriage.
Cocaine use is confirmed.
Cocaine use is determined by detection of benzoylecgonine, a metabolite of cocaine.
Cocaine use is down in the United States and continues to be very small in Asia.
Cocaine use is linked with eating disorders, disability and death from heart attacks and strokes.
Cocaine use is much lower than in older age groups, where drug use as a whole is less prevalent.
Cocaine use is significantly higher among the unemployed than the employed.
Cocaine use is the fastest growing drug problem in the U.S. can become a lifetime illness.
Cocaine use is the fastest growing drug problem in the United States.
Cocaine use is viewed as somewhat more newsworthy.
Cocaine use provides rapid, consistent, intense positive reinforcement.
Cocaine use remains at a relatively low level but abuse of pharmaceutical drugs is rising.
Cocaine withdrawal reduces dopamine transporter binding in the shell of the nucleus accumbens.
Cocaine abusing mothers are at a greater risk for miscarriage and premature delivery.
Cocaine acts as a dopaminergic agonist, supersensitizing dopamine neurons.
Cocaine acts as a stimulant , whereas heroin acts as a depressant .
Cocaine acts on nerves in the pathway that produce the neurotransmitter dopamine.
Cocaine affects the dopaminergic, serotonergic, and neuroepinepherine systems.
Cocaine affects the membranes of the openings to the lungs causing mucous to form and inflammation.
Cocaine also activates the mesocortical and mesolimbic dopaminergic pathways.
Cocaine also can induce premature labor.
Cocaine also causes a strong psychological dependence.
Cocaine also causes acute pulmonary edema, usually when used as free-base cocaine.
Cocaine also causes fibrillation of the heart and strokes form uncontrolled blood pressure.
Cocaine appears as a white powder substance which comes from coca leaves or is made synthetically.
Cocaine appears in several forms, including powder, free-base, crack or rock.
Cocaine appears to be a drug with two different faces, depending on the method of use.
Cocaine appears to be more prominent in Gaza.
Cocaine appears to do less for a woman's sexual functioning than it does for a man's.
Cocaine arrives from South America both by sea and air.
Cocaine belongs to a class of drugs known as stimulants, which give a fleeting feeling of energy.
Cocaine belongs to a group of drugs known as stimulants.
Cocaine belongs to the group of drugs known as stimulants.
Cocaine blocks the recycling of of dopamine and norepinephrine transmitters in the brain.
Cocaine can also affect the peripheral nervous system.
Cocaine can also cause disturbances in the rhythm of the heart beat.
Cocaine can also cause severe deformities in a fetus.
Cocaine can also have serious consequences.
Cocaine can also heighten irritability, excitability, and startle response.
Cocaine can also induce paranoia and violent behaviour.
Cocaine can also lead to compulsive use or dependence.
Cocaine can also send coronary arteries into spasm.
Cocaine can be a powerful trigger for cardiac arrest.
Cocaine can be a very addictive drug.
Cocaine can be extremely dangerous when used in combination with other drugs.
Cocaine can be extremely harmful to the hearing and can cause death.
Cocaine can be found at some raves, however, ecstasy is the prefered drugs at most raves.
Cocaine can become addicting to a some of people who use it.
Cocaine can become addictive.
Cocaine can cause euphoria and increased confidence.
Cocaine can cause heart attacks and strokes in young people.
Cocaine can cause heart problems, convulsions and paranoia.
Cocaine can cause loss of concentration, irritability, and a loss of memory.
Cocaine can cause lung damage in a very short time.
Cocaine can cause seizures.
Cocaine can cause serious damage to the central nervous system and sudden heart attacks.
Cocaine CAN cause sudden death in otherwise healthy young people - even once can be fatal.
Cocaine can constrict heart arteries so profoundly that no blood gets to the heart muscle.
Cocaine can easily spread to money, which changes hands quickly.
Cocaine can have a great variety of other effects on the nervous system of a person who uses it.
Cocaine can induce a stroke in the fetus and can cause spontaneous abortion.
Cocaine can kill instantly by restricting the flow of blood to the brain and heart.
Cocaine can lead to feelings of euphoria.
Cocaine can lead to feelings of great physical strength and mental capacity.
Cocaine can lead to several effects in the nose and sinuses.
Cocaine can make the heart beat irregularly and increases body temperature.
Cocaine can produce psychological and physical dependency.
Cocaine can temporarily reduce the amount of oxygen being supplied to an area of the heart muscle.
Cocaine causes a sense of energy, alertness, talktiveness, and well-being users find pleasurable.
Cocaine causes an unmistakable euphoria and sense of well-being that is the basis of addiction.
Cocaine causes blood vessels to constrict, reducing the flow of blood to the brain.
Cocaine causes intense spasms of the arteries of the heart, depriving the heart of oxygen.
Cocaine causes profound loss of appetite, leading to severe weight loss and nutritional imbalance.
Cocaine causes psychological and physiological changes.
Cocaine causes strokes and heart attacks.
Cocaine causes strong physical dependence.
Cocaine comes as a white powder that is usually snorted up the nose.
Cocaine comes from the leaves of the coca plant, which is grown in South America.
Cocaine comes from the leaves of the tropical coca plant.
Cocaine comes in a white crystalline powder.
Cocaine comes in many forms.
Cocaine comes out of the leaf in the freebase form.
Cocaine constricts blood vessels and increase the pulse and blood pressure.
Cocaine constricts the blood vessels.
Cocaine continues to flow out of the region at extremely high levels.
Cocaine contributes to systemic violence, and alcohol to psychopharmacological violence.
Cocaine costs the drugs barons who produce it less than a pound a gram-probably a lot less.
Cocaine crack heroin alcoholic marijuana.
Cocaine crosses the placenta by simple diffusion.
Cocaine decreases the glycine-induced current in acutely dissociated neurons from rat hippocampus.
Cocaine decreases uteroplacental blood flow in the rat.
Cocaine disturbs the normal sleep cycles of babies.
Cocaine does only a few things to the heart that can be dangerous or cause death.
Cocaine dramatically changes monoamine- mediated synaptic transmission.
Cocaine effects all the monoamine neurotransmitters.
Cocaine elevates the perceived effect of arousal, both male and female.
Cocaine enhances the excitatory action of noradrenaline in the rat dorsal raphe nucleus.
Cocaine enters Trinidad primarily by small fishing boats from Venezuela.
Cocaine find s and many Marijuana finds.
Cocaine flows into the United States through the island's covert pipelines.
Cocaine goes in and out very fast.
Cocaine goes to the tegmental of the brain.
Cocaine HAS something to say.
Cocaine increases blood pressure which can lead to irregular heartbeat and death.
Cocaine increases dopamine.
Cocaine increases heart rate and arteries constrict.
Cocaine increases heart rate and blood pressure.
Cocaine increases the heart rate and arteries constrict.
Cocaine induces elation primarily by blocking the dopamine transporter.
Cocaine induces euphoria, confidence and a sense of increased energy in the user.
Cocaine inhibits alanine uptake by human placental microvillous membrane vesicles.
Cocaine inhibits the active reuptake of norepinephrine into presynaptic nerve terminals.
Cocaine interferes with judgment and produces exaggerated feelings of well-being and confidence.
Cocaine interferes with testicular function.
Cocaine interrupts that cycle.
Cocaine is a back-room drug.
Cocaine is a benzoic acid ester.
Cocaine is a central nervous system stimulant, the most powerful found in nature.
Cocaine is a class A drug, which means it is the best.
Cocaine is a dangerous drug for unborn babies.
Cocaine is a downer.
Cocaine is a drug designed for energetic people.
Cocaine is a drug extracted from the leaves of the coca plant.
Cocaine is a drug made from the coca plant.
Cocaine is a drug made from the leaves of the coca plant, which grows in South America.
Cocaine is a drug made from the leaves of the coca plant.
Cocaine is a drug of abuse that produces profound behavioral changes.
Cocaine is a drug that is abused terribly and is the source of great misery and death.
Cocaine is a drug that no one can handle safely.
Cocaine is a drug that's much more geared toward the creative process.
Cocaine is a felony.
Cocaine is a hard drug
Cocaine is a hard one.
Cocaine is a highly addictive drug that causes physical and psychological dependence.
Cocaine is a much more addictive drug than alcohol.
Cocaine is a narcotic drug obtained from the leaves of the coca plant.
Cocaine is a popular drug among injection drug users.
Cocaine is a potent stimulant that makes an athlete more alert.
Cocaine is a powerful central nervous system stimulant that comes from the South American coca bush.
Cocaine is a powerful reinforcer that has become a popular drug of abuse.
Cocaine is a powerful stimulant derived from the Coca plant and comes in a variety of forms.
Cocaine is a powerful stimulant drug that comes from the leaves of the South American coca plant.
Cocaine is a powerfully addictive drug of abuse .
Cocaine is a powerfully addictive drug of abuse.
Cocaine is a powerfully addictive drug that directly affects the brain.
Cocaine is a powerfully addictive drug.
Cocaine is a powerfully addictive stimulant that directly affects the brain.
Cocaine is a psychomotor stimulant.
Cocaine is a relative newcomer into the American drug scene.
Cocaine is a seductive drug and it can be very difficult to give it up alone.
Cocaine is a short-acting powerful stimulant.
Cocaine is a stimulant and increases the user's heart rate and blood pressure.
Cocaine is a stimulant drug like speed, but much shorter acting.
Cocaine is a stimulant drug obtained from the leaf of the coca plant.
Cocaine is a stimulant drug.
Cocaine is a stimulant that can help people's senses.
Cocaine is a stimulant that is most commonly inhaled as a powder.
Cocaine is a stimulant that speeds up the work of the body.
Cocaine is a stimulant, derived from the leaves of the coca plant.
Cocaine is a stimulant, medically used as an anesthetic.
Cocaine is a stimulant.
Cocaine is a substance that has significant central stimulant action in the central nervous system.
Cocaine is a useful pharmaceutical.
Cocaine is a very addictive drug .
Cocaine is a very addictive drug.
Cocaine is a very strong stimulant to the central nervous system, including the brain.
Cocaine is a very useful drug for enhancing a special experience.
Cocaine is a weak base.
Cocaine is a white crystalline powder that comes from the leaves of the coca plant in South America.
Cocaine is a white crystalline powder that is crushed finely and snorted.
Cocaine is a white crystalline powder, often diluted with other ingredients.
Cocaine is a white powder that comes from the leaves of the coca plant.
Cocaine is a white powder that comes from the leaves of the South American coca plant.
Cocaine is a white powder that is refined from the coca plant.
Cocaine is a white powder that people either snort or dissolve and inject with a needle.
Cocaine is absorbed from all sites of application.
Cocaine is addictive and produces a disorder called anhedonia during withdrawal.
Cocaine is addictive particularly when used in the very short-acting form known as 'crack'.
Cocaine is addictive substances.
Cocaine is addictive.
Cocaine is alkaloids.
Cocaine is almost as freely available as alcohol and is nearly as popular.
Cocaine is almost two drugs in one, blending stimulant and anesthetic effects in a single molecule.
Cocaine is also back, with a vengeance.
Cocaine is among the most psychologically and physically addictive of all drugs.
Cocaine is among the most reinforcing of drugs.
Cocaine is an addictive drug.
Cocaine is an addictive substance which comes form coca leaves or is made synthetically.
Cocaine is an addictive substance which comes from coca leaves or is made synthetically.
Cocaine is an alkaloid drug found in the leaves of the coca plant.
Cocaine is an alkaloid which is derived from coca leaves, most of which are grown in South America.
Cocaine is another well-known alkaloid with pharmaceutical use.
Cocaine is as cheap and bountiful as ever.
Cocaine is available as either a powder or base form.
Cocaine is by far the most frequent drug involved.
Cocaine is cheaper on an inflation-adjusted basis than ever, and only marijuana is more expensive.
Cocaine is chemicals.
Cocaine is cocaine, indistinguishable one batch from another that is, until now.
Cocaine is considered by many to be one of the most addictive of all drugs of abuse.
Cocaine is cut convincingly at end of act one.
Cocaine is dangerous and can cause death.
Cocaine is doubly dangerous for pregnant women.
Cocaine is drugs.
Cocaine is expensive.
Cocaine is far too expensive.
Cocaine is hard drugs.
Cocaine is highly addictive, especially in the crack form.
Cocaine is highly addictive.
Cocaine is illegal and addicting.
Cocaine is illegal drugs.
Cocaine is just plain played out.
Cocaine is lethal because it causes convulsions and cardiac arrhythmias.
Cocaine is local anaesthetics.
Cocaine is metabolized by plasma and liver cholinesterases.
Cocaine is more addictive than the nicotine in tobacco.
Cocaine is more expensive and harder to get.
Cocaine is much more potent when injected than when chewing the leaf.
Cocaine is nefarious, sure, but heroin is depraved.
Cocaine is now an illegal substance.
Cocaine is obviously relevant.
Cocaine is often mixed with substances that are poisonous when injected.
Cocaine is one of the drugs they consume, and it is in competition with amphetamine derivatives.
Cocaine is one of the most abused drugs in the United States.
Cocaine is one of the most addictive drugs in common use.
Cocaine is one of the most addictive drugs in society today.
Cocaine is one of the most powerfully addictive street drugs.
Cocaine is one of the principle drugs being smuggled into the country.
Cocaine is only addictive if injected.
Cocaine is plant-derived.
Cocaine is psychologically addictive and research indicates possible physical addiction.
Cocaine is readily available in kilo lots in Chile and other Latin American countries.
Cocaine is readily available, prices are relatively stable, and purity levels are high.
Cocaine is risky in any form of use.
Cocaine is safer taken orally.
Cocaine is sewn into wigs, inserted under animal skin and hidden in breast implants.
Cocaine is shorter, used by whites.
Cocaine is similar.
Cocaine is stimulants.
Cocaine is the active ingredient of the coca plant, native only to the Americas.
Cocaine is the currency of the capital.
Cocaine is the drug of illusion par excellance.
Cocaine is the engine of the drugs scene.
Cocaine is the main alkaloid of the coca plant.
Cocaine is the major contributor to economic compulsive violence.
Cocaine is the most prevalent drug in Dallas, with crack the most common form of cocaine being used.
Cocaine is the number one generator of corruption and violence on all levels in the country.
Cocaine is the only drug that transits Israel toward other markets.
Cocaine is the only local anesthetic that causes vasoconstriction at all doses.
Cocaine is the only local anesthetic which also has vasoconstrictive properties.
Cocaine is the pure form of crack.
Cocaine is the second most abused drug.
Cocaine is the second most available drug, followed by heroin.
Cocaine is the second most popular smuggled drug.
Cocaine is the third most common addictive drug, next to alcohol and marijuana.
Cocaine is their prettiest wife.
Cocaine is too expensive for all but the wealthy.
Cocaine is unique among abused substances in that acute tolerance develops.
Cocaine is usually available as cocaine hydrochloride salt, a white powder.
Cocaine is usually sold is small baggies by the gram.
Cocaine is very dangerous.
Cocaine is white and is made up of small crystals .
Cocaine is white and is made up of small crystals.
Cocaine is widely available and abuse levels are increasing.
Cocaine is worth about eight times the value of gold and is sold only for cash.
Cocaine isa drug.
Cocaine makes user feel euphoric, energetic, talkative and mentally alert.
Cocaine only comes from America, as well as coffee.
Cocaine overstimulates the central nervous system and produces an artificial euphoria.
Cocaine potentiates certain brain chemicals.
Cocaine potentiates the effects of norepinephrine.
Cocaine preempts all that.
Cocaine prevents dopamine reuptake by binding to proteins that normally transport dopamine.
Cocaine produces a state of excitement or euphoria.
Cocaine produces a temporary increase in energy and a sense of euphoria followed by depression.
Cocaine produces both physical and psychological addiction.
Cocaine produces powerful reinforcing effects.
Cocaine produces tremendous euphoria, whereas nicotine produces mild euphoria.
Cocaine provides a powerful, direct hit to the pleasure center of the brain.
Cocaine puts the fetus at a higher risk of being stillborn or premature.
Cocaine raises fetal blood pressure and heart rate.
Cocaine reaches the brain through the snorting method in three to five minutes.
Cocaine related crime is a billion dollar a year industry.
Cocaine remains popular, but costs more.
Cocaine remains the major narcotic brought illegally into the United States.
Cocaine remains the number one illicit drug problem in Texas.
Cocaine seems to have been smuggled into the United States on return flights.
Cocaine still poses the most serious drug threat to the United States.
Cocaine stimulates the cells of the central nervous system and cardiovascular system.
Cocaine stimulates the central nervous system causing restlessness, tremors, and convulsions.
Cocaine stimulates the central nervous system, increasing alertness and activity.
Cocaine stimulates the central nervous system.
Cocaine suppresses appetite and relieves fatigue.
Cocaine takes a toll on the body.
Cocaine transits Germany from Colombia via Germany's principal airports.
Cocaine transits Portugal from Brazil and Argentina in increasing amounts.
Cocaine use early in treatment predicts response to a behavioral treatment program.
Cocaine use results in a smaller brain, which results in learning disabilities for the fetus.
Cocaine withdraws rapidly from the brain, making the user feel depressed, irritable and fatigued.
Cocaine works like an antidepressant.
Most cocaine is used as an illegal drug .
Most cocaine is used as an illegal drug.
Coccidial cycle occurs in cats.
Coccidial infections are common in dogs and cats.
Coccidial infections can be present in clinically normal dogs.
Coccidial infections respond well to treatment with sulpha based antibiotics.
Coccidial species are both highly host specific and infect a specific region of the intestines.
A coccidioidomycosis is mycosis
Coccidioidomycosis is endemic in the western hemisphere from California to Argentina.
Coccidioidomycosis is indigenous in Ecuador.
Coccidioidomycosis is most commonly a lung infection, but it can also infect the skin.
Coccidioidomycosises are diseases.
Coccidioidomycosises are fungal infection.
A coccidiosis is infestation
Coccidiosis affects most species of poultry, waterfowl, gamebirds, and pigeons.
Coccidiosis also occurs occasionally in infant exotic cats.
Coccidiosis can also impact rabbits.
Coccidiosis can be fatal.
Coccidiosis can have a devastating affect on large flocks.
Coccidiosis causes considerable economic loss to the poultry industry.
Coccidiosis is a common killer of chickens.
Coccidiosis is a contagious disease of goats, especially young kids, throughout the world.
Coccidiosis is a disease of poor sanitary practice.
Coccidiosis is a disease that can build up and be life-threatening without preliminary signs.
Coccidiosis is a disease usually brought on by unsanitary conditions.
Coccidiosis is a fairly common occurrence.
Coccidiosis is a major cause of diarrhea, poor growth, and death in kids.
Coccidiosis is a major cause of poor feed efficiency and poor growth.
Coccidiosis is a parasitic disease of the digestive tract.
Coccidiosis is a protzoan disease with symptoms that resemble distemper.
Coccidiosis is a serious disease in new-born piglets.
Coccidiosis is a very significant problem.
Coccidiosis is caused by a parasitic protozoan of the genus Eimeria.
Coccidiosis is caused by microscopic animals called coccidia.
Coccidiosis is caused by one-celled parasites that invade the intestinal tract of animals.
Coccidiosis is common in chickens, turkeys and pheasants, less common in geese, and rare in ducks.
Coccidiosis is diagnosed by demonstrating oocysts in the feces.
Coccidiosis is diagnosed by performing a microscopic examination of a stool sample.
Coccidiosis is hard to control by sanitation practices alone.
Coccidiosis is more severe in domestic turkeys which are raised in large groups.
Coccidiosis is most common in young animals because they have limited immunity to the organism.
Coccidiosis is now the most commonly diagnosed disease affecting chickens.
Coccidiosis is particularly a problem in confined animals.
Coccidiosis is primarily a disease of young pigs.
Coccidiosis is recognized by extremely loose droppings and, when severe, by blood in the droppings.
Coccidiosis is seen as the number one health problem.
Coccidiosis is the most common disease of domestic pheasants.
Coccidiosis is transmitted by direct or indirect contact with droppings of infected birds.
Coccidiosis is very contagious, especially among young puppies.
Coccidiosis normally occurs after the kid begins to eat solid foods at about three weeks of age.
Coccidiosis occurs most frequently in young birds.
Coccidiosis presents a danger of dehydration as well as debilitation that can lead to death.
Coccidiosises are infestation.
Coccidiosises cause economic loss.
Coccidiosis usually occurs from three weeks of age.
Coccidiosis usually occurs in growing birds and young adults.
Coccidophagous ladybirds have lower lifetime fecundity that aphidophagous ladybird.
Coccygeal pain occurs at the very base of the spinal column, or the tailbone area.
Cochin bantams are also very popular.
A cochin is a poultry
Cochins also come in a variety called frizzled, in which the feathers are turned outward.
Cochins are also very broody and commonly used.
Cochins are also very popular as show birds.
Cochins are literally big, fluffy balls of feathers.
Cochins are usually very calm birds and easily made into pets.
Cochins come in a multitude of colors which adds to their popularity.
Cochins have relatively long soft feathers.
Cochins look a little bigger than other breeds of bantams because they are heavily feathered.
Cochineal insects produce carminic acid to deter predation by other insects.
A cochineal is a scale insect
Cochineal are insects from which non-carcinogenic red dyes are produced.
Cochineal is a red colouring material used in foods.
Cochineal is a red dye formed from the dried bodies of female cochineal insects.
Cochineal is a red dye made from the crushed bodies of insects which live on nopal cacti.
Cochineal is added to meat products, spices, and baked goods.
Cochineal is used mainly in products with low pH, e.g. confectionary and liquors.
Cochineals are dye.
Cochineals are insects inside a cotonneuse mass.
Cochineals are insects.
A cochlea is a structure
Cochlea consists of a basilar turn with a cystic cavity.
Cochlea is concerned with hearing.
Cochlea is shown to the right side.
Cochlea isa body part.
Cochleas have (part) bone cells.
Cochleas have (part) corpi.
Cochleas have (part) ground substances.
Cochleas have (part) hair cells.
Cochleas have (part) lobes.
Cochleas have (part) marrow.
Cochleas have (part) mast cells.
Cochlear damage leads to hearing loss.
Cochlear development occurs at the same time.
Cochlear endolymph is also unique in other respects, as shown in the table below.
Cochlear implants are a prime example of a successful electronic interface to the brain.
Cochlear implants are available for patients with advanced hearing loss.
Cochlear implants are controversial, especially in the deaf community.
Cochlear implants are devices which restore some degree of hearing to the deaf.
Cochlear implants are high-tech hearing devices.
Cochlear implants are implants.
Cochlear implants are medical devices which have been used several years for the deaf.
Cochlear implants are the newest devices for hearing impairment.
Cochlear implants are very sophisticated devices.
Cochlear implants benefit people with severe hearing loss.
Cochlear implants bypass the non-working parts of the ear altogether.
Cochlear implants can restore hearing to people with severe hearing loss.
Cochlear implants compensate for damaged or non-working parts of the inner ear.
Cochlear implants consist of an internal component and external equipment.
Cochlear implants give limited hearing ability to the profoundly deaf.
Cochlear implants offer a wide range of hearing benefit.
Cochlear implants offer the sensation of sound.
Cochlear implants pick up ambient sound and transmit it directly to the cochlear nerve.
Cochlear implants pick up sound through a small microphone attached near the ear.
Cochlear implants pick up sound through a tiny microphone attached near the ear.
Cochlear implants provide access both to spoken language and to environmental sounds.
Cochlear implants provide auditory information by directly stimulating the cochlea.
Cochlear implants provide direct substitution of lost sensory input to the auditory system.
Cochlear implants stimulate the inner ear with electrical currents.
Cochlear implants transform speech and sound into electrical signals that the brain can interpret.
Cochlear implants use an external microphone placed above the ear to pick up sounds.
Cochlear implants work best if implanted early, say UK researchers.
Cochlear implants worth the cost.
Every cochlear implant is customized for the user.
Cochlear implantation is approved for both adults and children as young as eighteen months of age.
Cochlear implantation represents a new technology that allows profoundly deaf patients to hear.
Cochlear otosclerosis causes a progressive sensorineural hearing loss.
Cochlear windows are large but conventionally structured.
Cock fight is an interesting game of rural areas in the district.
Cock fights are everywhere.
Cock fights are still prevalent in Old Lucknow.
Cock fighting is the national sport in Bali.
Some cock pheasants defend breed territory.
Some cock pheasants defend territory.
Cock rings work pretty good.
A cock sucking is a head
Cock sucking is every man's fantasy.
A cock is a striker
Cocks are birds.
Cocks are chickens.
Cocks are colored birght green, and are more yellowish on the front and underneath.
Cocks are double faded, hens are single faded.
Cocks are full colored in the second year.
Cocks are most often darker than the hens.
Cocks are part of chickens.
Cocks are penises.
Cocks are somewhat lighter than hens.
Cocks are thicker in the neck , are more masculine looking and usually bigger bodied.
Cocks can become aggressive towards their keepers and other males.
Cocks have blue and hens a brownish cere colour.
Cocks head to listen.
Cocks mate with any receptive hen that enters their territory.
Cocks occur too, and are said to be wattled of a particular colour, usually gules.
Cocks rise - a final roundup.
Cocks tend to have a slightly darker cinnamon coloring than hens.
Many cocks fuck pussy,ass and good sucking.
Some cocks are big and some cocks are small.
Some cocks are so big they require both hands.
Cock-a-doodle-doo isa sound.
Cockatiel birds can talk and whistle like the human beings.
Cockatiel care is relatively easy, but they do have specific needs.
Cockatiel hatchlings look like tiny, prehistoric creatures.
A cockatiel is a parrot
Cockatiel isa parrot.
Cockatiels also bite less, they're smaller, cleaner and quieter than larger parrots.
Cockatiels also like toys with hard-plastic elements, such as beads to fiddle with.
Cockatiels also love to toss their food in a fairly large area around their cage.
Cockatiels are a fairly inexpensive little parrot.
Cockatiels are a popular choice for amateur parrot breeders along with budgerigars.
Cockatiels are a type of parrot.
Cockatiels are afraid of loud noises, loud voices and sudden movements.
Cockatiels are also prone to night frights.
Cockatiels are among the most popular pet birds.
Cockatiels are birds.
Cockatiels are common in the wild and have been domesticated for the pet trade.
Cockatiels are considered parrots as can be seen by the shape of their beak.
Cockatiels are easy birds to raise.
Cockatiels are extremely social birds.
Cockatiels are generally better at imitating whistles than speech.
Cockatiels are generally healthy unless kept in dirty, crowded conditions or fed incorrectly.
Cockatiels are herbivorous.
Cockatiels are highly social birds that live in large flocks in the wild.
Cockatiels are incredibly curious and love to explore.
Cockatiels are indigenous to Australia.
Cockatiels are intelligent and inquisitive.
Cockatiels are intelligent, social, companion birds.
Cockatiels are know to have nightfrights when they become startled.
Cockatiels are known for mimicking repetitive sounds and noises.
Cockatiels are light-bodied birds who fly with great ease.
Cockatiels are more adept at learning beak tricks than claw tricks.
Cockatiels are more inclined to whistle than talk.
Cockatiels are native to Australia, and favour the Australian wetlands, scrublands, and bush lands.
Cockatiels are native to Australia, and they are found widely throughout most of the continent.
Cockatiels are native to the semi-arid regions of Australia.
Cockatiels are naturally sweet tempered and friendly.
Cockatiels are notably the most stubborn.
Cockatiels are one of the best choices for a pet bird.
Cockatiels are one of the most friendly birds with each other.
Cockatiels are one of the most magnificent bird species in the world.
Cockatiels are one of the most popular pet birds, and it's no wonder why.
Cockatiels are one of the smaller varieties and are incredibly tame and easy to handle.
Cockatiels are parrots.
Cockatiels are popular as pets and aviary birds.
Cockatiels are popular household pets in many parts of the world.
Cockatiels are relatively inexpensive.
Cockatiels are small birds of gray, white and yellow, with the female bird's coloring more subdued.
Cockatiels are small cockatoos endemic to Australia.
Cockatiels are social birds, living together in large flocks.
Cockatiels are social creatures, and they require interaction with either a human or another bird.
Cockatiels are susceptible to ailments like egg binding, conjunctivitis, diarrhea and chlamydiosis.
Cockatiels are tame and curious birds known for their crests.
Cockatiels are very affectionate, gentle birds.
Cockatiels are very curious and active birds.
Cockatiels are very docile and friendly to people as well as other birds.
Cockatiels are very personable and quickly learn various whistles and to say a few words.
Cockatiels are very playful, social, and intelligent creatures.
Cockatiels are very sociable birds.
Cockatiels are very sociable.
Cockatiels are very strong flyers.
Cockatiels average four to five eggs per nest, with an egg typically laid every other day.
Cockatiels can and do bite if annoyed.
Cockatiels can become good mimics and the male cockatiel especially has a pleasant song.
Cockatiels can develop fatty tumors and other health problems caused by obesity.
Cockatiels can live up to fifteen years, but usually only ten to twelve.
Cockatiels can see colors and like to chew on movable objects.
Cockatiels can talk with the right stimulation.
Cockatiels carry fat in two locations in the body.
Cockatiels come in a beautiful array of colors, or mutation.
Cockatiels communicate vocally with each other quite a bit.
Cockatiels consume food.
Cockatiels do tend to molt often, especially when they are young.
Cockatiels eat a variety of foods.
Cockatiels enjoy climbing up their cage.
Cockatiels enjoy interacting with their human companions and can be trained to do tricks.
Cockatiels enter the nest hollow tail first.
Cockatiels explore both in the air and on foot.
Cockatiels feed on a variety of grass seeds, nuts, berries and grain.
Cockatiels feed on seeds.
Cockatiels fit well into the lifestyles of most people, and are very hardy pets.
Cockatiels get nutrients.
Cockatiels have (part) air sacs.
Cockatiels have (part) bird's feet.
Cockatiels have (part) brains.
Cockatiels have (part) breasts.
Cockatiels have (part) cell membranes.
Cockatiels have (part) cells.
Cockatiels have (part) chest cavities.
Cockatiels have (part) chests.
Cockatiels have (part) corpi.
Cockatiels have (part) cytoplasm.
Cockatiels have (part) ears.
Cockatiels have (part) faces.
Cockatiels have (part) flight feathers.
Cockatiels have (part) heads.
Cockatiels have (part) lips.
Cockatiels have (part) mouths.
Cockatiels have (part) nuclei.
Cockatiels have (part) plasma membranes.
Cockatiels have (part) quill feathers.
Cockatiels have (part) rib cages.
Cockatiels have (part) second joints.
Cockatiels have (part) sections.
Cockatiels have (part) skulls.
Cockatiels have (part) sterna.
Cockatiels have (part) talons.
Cockatiels have (part) vacuoles.
Cockatiels have (part) wishbones.
Cockatiels have a lower price than most parrots.
Cockatiels have bald heads.
Cockatiels have heads.
Cockatiels have length.
Cockatiels have mates.
Cockatiels have the highest incidence of psittacosis.
Cockatiels like to have the feathers around their head stroked, against the grain.
Cockatiels like to play with mirrors and shiny objects.
Cockatiels live for years.
Cockatiels live in dry regions of open woodlands and wooded savannas.
Cockatiels live in regions.
Cockatiels love climbing and stretching their wings, as well as playing.
Cockatiels love sunflower seeds.
Cockatiels love to chew, so toys like twig balls, or rafia and palm strips are best.
Cockatiels love to climb on their cages and play with hanging toys.
Cockatiels love to listen to people and have human company.
Cockatiels make little noise.
Cockatiels make noise.
Cockatiels make sympathetic noise.
Cockatiels make wonderful first time pets.
Cockatiels make wonderful pets.
Cockatiels naturally love wood as their ancestors come from the rainforest of Australia.
Cockatiels need nutrition.
Cockatiels need proper nutrition.
Cockatiels originate in Australia.
Cockatiels pluck feathers from boredom or illness, and they can begin doing it out of loneliness.
Cockatiels prefer the smaller grains such as millet.
Cockatiels provide human entertainment by their very nature.
Cockatiels raise chicks.
Cockatiels require an enclosed breeding box and nesting material in order to make their nest.
Cockatiels require daily care and attention, and can be noisy and messy pets.
Cockatiels require protein, carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals and water just like humans do.
Cockatiels require spacious cages to accommodate their long tails and tall head feathers.
Cockatiels take up residences.
Cockatiels thrive on social interaction, whether with human companions or other cockatiels.
Cockatiels travel in small flocks and sometimes as pairs.
Cockatiels use their beaks along with their feet to pick things up, eat, and climb.
Cockatiels usually mate and stay with the same partner for life.
Many cockatiels enjoy being sprayed with lukewarm water from a plant mister.
Many cockatiels scream to greet the day and to wish everyone a good night.
Most cockatiels are very muscular in their shoulders and have the capacity for strong flight.
Most cockatiels consume food.
Most cockatiels feed on seeds.
Most cockatiels get nutrients.
Most cockatiels have heads.
Most cockatiels have length.
Most cockatiels have mates.
Most cockatiels live for years.
Most cockatiels live in regions.
Most cockatiels love to bathe.
Most cockatiels make devoted parents.
Most cockatiels make little noise.
Most cockatiels make noise.
Most cockatiels make sympathetic noise.
Most cockatiels raise chicks.
Most cockatiels take up residences.
Some cockatiels are better talkers than others.
Some cockatiels become pests.
Some cockatiels belong to families.
Some cockatiels can repeat words , but most just whistle .
Some cockatiels can repeat words, but most just whistle.
Some cockatiels drink water.
Some cockatiels eat grubs.
Some cockatiels eat nuts.
Some cockatiels enjoy baths.
Some cockatiels have night fright.
Some cockatiels have style.
Some cockatiels live in groups and some live alone.
Some cockatiels nest in trees.
Some cockatiels require consideration.
Some cockatiels require special consideration.
Cockatoo Island is open daily and there is no cost to visit.
A cockatoo is a parrot
Cockatoo Comes with large steel cage, and small wire cage.
Cockatoo is a magnificent creature to behold.
Cockatoo isa parrot.
Cockatoo means that someone in-house was forewarning when security was going down there to check.
Cockatoos are a kind of parrot .
Cockatoos are a kind of parrot.
Cockatoos are active mainly during the day and require daylight to find their food.
Cockatoos are also incredibly high-maintenance pets.
Cockatoos are among the world's most beautiful and intelligent creatures.
Cockatoos are birds.
Cockatoos are certainly one of the most stunningly beautiful parrots after a good bath.
Cockatoos are common in jungle areas, and they play an important role in the ecosystem there.
Cockatoos are constantly active and always up for playing and interacting with a friend.
Cockatoos are crested birds from rainforests , dry regions, and fields of Indonesia and Australia .
Cockatoos are delighted to be down there on the floor.
Cockatoos are exotic pets.
Cockatoos are extremely loving and social parrots.
Cockatoos are from Malaysia, the Philippines, Australia and nearby areas.
Cockatoos are fun-loving and tend to get excited and enthusiastic.
Cockatoos are known for their loud vocalizations which are also used in communication.
Cockatoos are long-lived birds.
Cockatoos are loud and often scream.
Cockatoos are magnificent crested birds found in New Guinea and Australia.
Cockatoos are manipulative.
Cockatoos are monogamous, mating for life.
Cockatoos are monogamous, so when a mating pair is formed, they stay together for life.
Cockatoos are more curious and adventurous than some other parrots.
Cockatoos are mostly white in colour but there are some which are pink or black too.
Cockatoos are noisy, and live in groups ranging from a few to a large number of birds.
Cockatoos are notorious for hiding beads of small items in their wings.
Cockatoos are on the endangered species list in some cases.
Cockatoos are one of the most long-lived parrots.
Cockatoos are parrots.
Cockatoos are recognisable by the showy crests and curved and strong bills.
Cockatoos are sloppy eaters.
Cockatoos are social birds.
Cockatoos are suppose to be noisy.
Cockatoos are the only parrots to have powder down.
Cockatoos are the only parrots with crests.
Cockatoos are very affectionate and can be very demanding of their owners time.
Cockatoos are very affectionate birds and thrive on attention.
Cockatoos are very funny birds.
Cockatoos are very intelligent birds, and can be quite comical.
Cockatoos are very lively and affectionate birds.
Cockatoos are very loveable and very affectionate.
Cockatoos are very physically active.
Cockatoos are very social birds.
Cockatoos become very attached to their owners, even jealous.
Cockatoos can be quite social.
Cockatoos can be quite vocal in captivity to the dismay of their owners.
Cockatoos can be unpredictable in temperament.
Cockatoos can be very difficult to wean, as can cockatiels and a few other species.
Cockatoos can be very loud birds.
Cockatoos clean themselves by splashing water on their feathers.
Cockatoos develop habits.
Cockatoos eat a mixture of fresh fruit, vegetables and seeds.
Cockatoos eat nuts.
Cockatoos eat seeds of grasses, berries, and nuts.
Cockatoos eat seeds.
Cockatoos enjoy fruit, including apples, bananas, blackberries, figs, cherries, grapes and melon.
Cockatoos feast merrily on American pine-cones and Italian cypress nuts.
Cockatoos get their feelings hurt and pout or get aggressive.
Cockatoos grow feathers.
Cockatoos have (part) air sacs.
Cockatoos have (part) bird's feet.
Cockatoos have (part) brains.
Cockatoos have (part) breasts.
Cockatoos have (part) cell membranes.
Cockatoos have (part) cells.
Cockatoos have (part) chest cavities.
Cockatoos have (part) chests.
Cockatoos have (part) corpi.
Cockatoos have (part) cytoplasm.
Cockatoos have (part) ears.
Cockatoos have (part) faces.
Cockatoos have (part) flight feathers.
Cockatoos have (part) heads.
Cockatoos have (part) lips.
Cockatoos have (part) mouths.
Cockatoos have (part) nuclei.
Cockatoos have (part) plasma membranes.
Cockatoos have (part) quill feathers.
Cockatoos have (part) rib cages.
Cockatoos have (part) second joints.
Cockatoos have (part) sections.
Cockatoos have (part) skulls.
Cockatoos have (part) sterna.
Cockatoos have (part) talons.
Cockatoos have (part) vacuoles.
Cockatoos have (part) wishbones.
Cockatoos have a group of feathers on top of their heads that they can move.
Cockatoos have a lot to contribute to ethics.
Cockatoos have a strange behavior which signifies the utmost affection for a mate or person.
Cockatoos have beaks.
Cockatoos have black bills made of keratin .
Cockatoos have black bills made of keratin.
Cockatoos have diets.
Cockatoos have different dialects in different flocks.
Cockatoos have feathers.
Cockatoos have habitats.
Cockatoos have large curved sharply pointed bills which are used to crack nuts.
Cockatoos have many similarities to other birds.
Cockatoos have mates.
Cockatoos have pink feathers.
Cockatoos have powerful beaks.
Cockatoos have strong beaks.
Cockatoos have tendencies.
Cockatoos have very strong bills made of hardened keratin.
Cockatoos keep the same mate for life.
Cockatoos live in Australia, New Guinea, and nearby islands.
Cockatoos live in Australia, New Guinea, Indonesia, Solomon Islands, and the Philippines.
Cockatoos love to chew and destroy things, so providing chewable toys is a necessity.
Cockatoos love to play games with their humans.
Cockatoos love to play.
Cockatoos make great pets and relish the attention of admiring humans.
Cockatoos mate for life.
Cockatoos occupy a wide range of habitats, from forests in subalpine zones to mangroves.
Cockatoos possess feathers.
Cockatoos quote the gospel in Indiana, raccoons read minds in Arkansas, goats drink beer in Texas.
Cockatoos range in size from medium to large.
Cockatoos reach maturity.
Cockatoos reach sexual maturity.
Cockatoos require much personal attention.
Cockatoos scream very loudly.
Cockatoos seem to be the best at physical tricks.
Cockatoos sit in trees.
Cockatoos tend to be big babies who require a lot of attention.
Cockatoos use feathers.
Cockatoos use heads.
Cockatoos use their feet like hands, feeding themselves with one foot.
Cockatoos use tools.
Cockatoos will have beaks.
Cockatoos often love sleeping with human companions.
Cockatoos often travel in immense flocks numbering many thousands.
Cockatoos usually nest in holes in the limbs or trunks of trees.
All cockatoos are fond of feeding on farmland crops, especially corn.
All cockatoos are naturally very powdery which is a sign of a healthy bird.
All cockatoos have a bald spot on their head, covered by a crest of feathers.
Many cockatoos often prefer to be given larger pieces of fruits that they can pick up with a foot.
Many cockatoos are relatively easy to hand-rear.
Most cockatoos are from Australia.
Most cockatoos are white with bushy crests of feathers on their heads.
Most cockatoos develop habits.
Most cockatoos eat nuts.
Most cockatoos eat seeds.
Most cockatoos feed only on plant material.
Most cockatoos grow feathers.
Most cockatoos have beaks.
Most cockatoos have diets.
Most cockatoos have feathers.
Most cockatoos have habitats.
Most cockatoos have mates.
Most cockatoos have pink feathers.
Most cockatoos have powerful beaks.
Most cockatoos have strong beaks.
Most cockatoos have tendencies.
Most cockatoos possess very loud voices and can develop bad screaming habits.
Most cockatoos reach maturity.
Most cockatoos reach sexual maturity.
Most cockatoos sit in trees.
Most cockatoos use heads.
Most cockatoos use the woodchips originally found within the nest.
Some cockatoos create messes.
Some cockatoos eat berries.
Some cockatoos eat grain.
Some cockatoos eat insects.
Some cockatoos even eat insects and their larva.
Some cockatoos fly over towers.
Some cockatoos get plenty.
Some cockatoos go through developmental stages.
Some cockatoos go through several developmental stages.
Some cockatoos go through several stages.
Some cockatoos go through stages.
Some cockatoos have similarity.
Some cockatoos have techniques.
Some cockatoos wait for breakfasts.
A cockchafer is a beetle
Cockchafers have interesting fan-like antennae.
A cocker spaniel is a spaniel
Cocker spaniels are breeds of dog.
Cocker spaniels are dogs.
Cocker spaniels are great with children.
Cocker spaniels are popular family pets .
Cocker spaniels are popular family pets.
Cocker spaniels are subject to cataracts, glaucoma, retinal degenerations and eyelid deformities.
A cocker is a spaniel
Cocker is Adorable.
Cocker takes a swig of whiskey during a performance while on tour in Australia.
Cockers are a very hyper breed.
Cockers are adaptable dogs and can be easily trained to retrieve as well as flush.
Cockers are athletic, alert and make great family pets.
Cockers are easy to train, especially when the reward system involves food.
Cockers are playful all the time and are ready to go for a run with children or active adults.
Cockers are sensitive and playful dogs, and they love people, often more than other dogs.
Cockers are the smallest of the land spaniels.
Cockers are very loving and high energy dogs.
Cockers come in a wide variety of colors, solids, and parti-colors, and several combinations.
Cockers come in many different colors.
Cockers do require grooming care.
Cockers love everybody .
Cockers love people.
Cockers vary greatly in temperament, personality, and activity level.
Cockers vary greatly in temperment, personality, and activity level.
All cockers are in good health upon adoption.
Many Cockers also love to do tricks, and play games with balls, as well.
Some cockers have coats that are two different colors.
A cockerel is a rooster
Cockerel isa rooster.
Cockerels are cocks.
Cockerels are males, or roosters.
Cockerels are roosters.
Cockerels are the guys also known as cocks and roosters.
Cockerels have (part) air sacs.
Cockerels have (part) bird's feet.
Cockerels have (part) brains.
Cockerels have (part) breasts.
Cockerels have (part) cell membranes.
Cockerels have (part) cells.
Cockerels have (part) chest cavities.
Cockerels have (part) chests.
Cockerels have (part) chicken wings.
Cockerels have (part) corpi.
Cockerels have (part) cytoplasm.
Cockerels have (part) ears.
Cockerels have (part) faces.
Cockerels have (part) flight feathers.
Cockerels have (part) heads.
Cockerels have (part) lips.
Cockerels have (part) mouths.
Cockerels have (part) nuclei.
Cockerels have (part) plasma membranes.
Cockerels have (part) quill feathers.
Cockerels have (part) rib cages.
Cockerels have (part) second joints.
Cockerels have (part) sections.
Cockerels have (part) skulls.
Cockerels have (part) sterna.
Cockerels have (part) talons.
Cockerels have (part) vacuoles.
Cockerels have (part) wishbones.
Cockerels have yellow toes and shanks, and their heads are a blend of yellow and black.
Some cockerels stretch leave legs.
A cockfight is a match
Cockfights are a perennial side-show.
Cockfights are bad.
Cockfights are cruel and inhumane.
Cockfights are matchs.
Cockfights mirror the old macho raids for enemies' heads.
Cockfights take place in Metro Manila almost every day.
A cockiness is assertiveness
Cockiness does get some people fame and glory.
Cockiness proves to be justified.
A cockle is a shellfish
Cockle comes from the Irish word 'cochall' which in fact means the membrane of the heart.
Cockles are a bi-valve mollusc.
Cockles are a popular type of edible shellfish in both Eastern and Western cooking .
Cockles are a street food in Cambodia.
Cockles are also a very popular target for recreational clam diggers.
Cockles are an effective bait for a wide variety of sea fishes.
Cockles are at their best in winter and are usually sold cooked, with or without their shells.
Cockles are bivalves.
Cockles are capable of 'jumping' by bending and straightening the foot.
Cockles are clams with rounded ribs and clear growth rings.
Cockles are easy to gather.
Cockles are favoured by oystercatchers and sand flounder, and by people.
Cockles are shellfishs.
Cockles burrow using the foot, and feed by filtering plankton from the surrounding water.
Cockles can use their foot to leap from danger.
Cockles have much sand sticking to their shells before storms.
Cockles have the highest growth rates from subtidal areas with plenty of food.
Cockles live in dense bed in many coastal estuaries.
Cockles work extremely well when fished over a bed of hemp.
Cocklebur fruit contains seeds.
Most cocklebur fruit contains seeds.
A cocklebur is a bush
Cocklebur has heart-shaped or broadly ovate leaves.
Cocklebur is also important in some sections as a cause of livestock poisoning.
Cocklebur is considered to be one of the most competitive weeds in soybeans.
Cocklebur is designed for the pollination by wind.
Cocklebur is herbaceous plant that belongs to the sunflower family.
Cocklebur is poisonous to all classes of livestock.
Cocklebur is toxic to livestock, with the capability of causing acute liver failure.
Cocklebur is used in treatment of nasal and sinus congestion in traditional Chinese medicine.
Cocklebur isa weed.
Cocklebur occurs throughout Ontario around farmyards, in fields, along roadsides and river flats.
Cocklebur propagates only via seed that retains ability to germinate for many years.
Cocklebur serves as a host for a number of pathogens of crops.
Cockleburs are a prime example, causing liver disease and appetite loss.
Cockleburs are a very big pest for hikers and nature lovers.
Cockleburs are classified as weeds.
Cockleburs are found throughout the world.
Cockleburs are members of the Compositae.
Cockleburs are weeds.
Cockleburs have (part) cell membranes.
Cockleburs have (part) cells.
Cockleburs have (part) corpi.
Cockleburs have (part) cytoplasm.
Cockleburs have (part) nuclei.
Cockleburs have (part) plasma membranes.
Cockleburs have (part) sections.
Cockleburs have (part) vacuoles.
Cockleburs have hooks.
Cockleburs lower the value of wool.
Cockleburs produce two kinds of flowers.
Cockleburs tend to grow in areas that are waterlogged much of the year, but dry during the summer.
Most cockleburs are classified as weeds.
Most cockleburs have hooks.
Some cockleburs have distribution.
Some cockleburs have hearts.
Some cockleburs have worldwide distribution.
Some cockleburs occur in habitats.
Cockney accent is regarded as being one of the least prestigious accents in Britain.
A cockney is Germanic language
Cockney rhyming slang is one such adult language game which has existed over a century.
Cockney sounds devious and aggressive.
A cockpit is a compartment
Cockpits are compartments.
Cockpits are different for every vessel.
Cockpits are located in space shuttles.
Cockpits are night vision goggle compatible.
Cockpits are one of the most important growth areas.
Cockpits are part of aircrafts.
Cockpits are part of airplanes.
Cockpits are part of racers.
Cockpits are pits.
Cockpits are seats.
Cockpits vary from airplane to airplane but have the same basic buttons, dials, and gauges.
Cockpits often get short shrift in cruising boats.
Cockroach colonies contain hosts.
Most cockroach colonies contain hosts.
Cockroach debris is a strong allergen.
Cockroach debris is also a strong allergen.
Cockroach nymph reaches adulthood.
Most cockroach nymph reaches adulthood.
A cockroach is an insect
Cockroach isa insect.
Cockroach turns into guy.
Cockroaches also cause asthmatic reactions.
Cockroaches also have a very good sense of touch.
Cockroaches also have hard shells, and are invulnerable to poison.
Cockroaches also live in cracks and crevices.
Cockroaches also love living around old stacks of cardboard.
Cockroaches also play an important role in nutrient recycling.
Cockroaches also tend to remain in areas in which there are high concentrations of the pheromone.
Cockroaches are a consideration only in the inner city and southern parts of the United States.
Cockroaches are a group of insects that most commonly lay eggs.
Cockroaches are a major problem to Mississippi homeowners today.
Cockroaches are a primary allergen.
Cockroaches are active at night, so daytime observation is a good sign of a heavy infestation.
Cockroaches are active at night.
Cockroaches are also a major household allergen, especially in inner cities.
Cockroaches are also fun for a treat.
Cockroaches are among the most common insects.
Cockroaches are among the most common of insects.
Cockroaches are among the most undesirable insect intruders in the home.
Cockroaches are an amazing group animals, some of which make great pets.
Cockroaches are an essential part of the ecosystem.
Cockroaches are an integral part of our ecosystem.
Cockroaches are an integral part of the food chain.
Cockroaches are ancient and highly successful insects.
Cockroaches are are scavengers.
Cockroaches are arthropods, which means they have jointed limbs.
Cockroaches are attracted to sweet and floury foods.
Cockroaches are attracted to the presence of other cockroaches.
Cockroaches are black or brown in colour.
Cockroaches are both fascinating and horrifying at the same time.
Cockroaches are both predators and prey.
Cockroaches are considered pests in several ways.
Cockroaches are coprophagous, which means they eat their own feces and the feces of other roaches.
Cockroaches are dependent on water, so check for small leaks under the sink and seal.
Cockroaches are disgusting and unsightly.
Cockroaches are easily capable of migrating on plumbing from one apartment to the next.
Cockroaches are easy to manage with baits because most baits are readily taken by cockroaches.
Cockroaches are easy to raise in the lab.
Cockroaches are everywhere.
Cockroaches are extremely fast at reacting to the wind created by any external force.
Cockroaches are extremely intelligent building managers.
Cockroaches are featured in literature and songs throughout history.
Cockroaches are filthy pests.
Cockroaches are flat, quick-moving insects that are most active at night.
Cockroaches are good climbers.
Cockroaches are humankind's uninvited, desperately unloved houseguests.
Cockroaches are insects that tend to hide and live in the hiding places filled with dirt.
Cockroaches are inside environments.
Cockroaches are inside habitats.
Cockroaches are inside homes.
Cockroaches are miscellaneous insects, aboriginal in the sense that the young resemble the adults.
Cockroaches are more active before a storm.
Cockroaches are mostly active at night, when they forage for food, water, and mates.
Cockroaches are mostly tropical insects.
Cockroaches are much easier to kill than most characters in an adventure game.
Cockroaches are multicolored under ultra-violet light.
Cockroaches are no exception.
Cockroaches are nocturnal and spend their days sleeping in narrow cracks and crevices.
Cockroaches are nocturnal in small populations.
Cockroaches are nocturnal, hiding during the day and becoming active at night.
Cockroaches are nocturnal, so they avoid light and well-lit places.
Cockroaches are nonspecialized insects, primitive in the sense that the young resemble the adults.
Cockroaches are often pests of homes and apartments and can be difficult to control.
Cockroaches are omnivorous .
Cockroaches are omnivorous and are nocturnal.
Cockroaches are omnivorous.
Cockroaches are one of the most successful animals known in the evolution of the planet.
Cockroaches are one of the worst allergens.
Cockroaches are persistent and hard to control.
Cockroaches are pests and poise health risks to people.
Cockroaches are poor fliers and unable to cross large bodies of water.
Cockroaches are primarily carbohydrate eaters.
Cockroaches are primarily nocturnal, so they are sensitive to light.
Cockroaches are primarily tropical insects that travel north in shipments of tropical fruits.
Cockroaches are pure instinct, straightforward sentient machines.
Cockroaches are replusive and objectionable to most people simply by their presence.
Cockroaches are scavengers and feed on stray food particles.
Cockroaches are scavengers.
Cockroaches are shy insects and like confined spaces.
Cockroaches are still filthy though.
Cockroaches are supreme couch potatoes.
Cockroaches are the leading cause of asthma in urban youth.
Cockroaches are the leading cause of asthma incidents in urban youth.
Cockroaches are the most important insect pests in Nebraska households and public places.
Cockroaches are the most repulsive of all household pests.
Cockroaches are the most susceptible insect to the nematodes.
Cockroaches are then food for many animals, including some humans.
Cockroaches are tougher.
Cockroaches are undisputedly one of the most hated insects on earth.
Cockroaches are usually flat, with a smooth, waxy tough skin.
Cockroaches are very active and can easily move from one area in a building to another.
Cockroaches are very common in warm climates and in homes of people living in the city.
Cockroaches are very hardy and resistant creatures.
Cockroaches are well renown for their reproductive success.
Cockroaches arrive in a house or dwelling usually by hitching a ride.
Cockroaches Ask a nonallergic person to spray insecticide and put out roach traps.
Cockroaches avoid light.
Cockroaches become torpid when the temperature drops too low.
Cockroaches becoming increasingly resistant to pesticides is an example of disruptive selection.
Cockroaches begin life.
Cockroaches bleed white blood.
Cockroaches breathe through holes in the sides of their bodies.
Cockroaches breed in dark, damp places.
Cockroaches can also trigger allergic reactions in some people.
Cockroaches can be an asthma trigger.
Cockroaches can be present in almost any place inhabited by humans.
Cockroaches can cause childhood asthma.
Cockroaches can contaminate food and transmit disease.
Cockroaches can contaminate food, carry disease, and induce allergies.
Cockroaches can crawl into some astonishingly small spaces.
Cockroaches can eat electrical cords, glue, soap, paper, and even weaker cockraoches.
Cockroaches can eat just about anything, and can survive without food for long periods of time.
Cockroaches can enter small appliances through small holes and cracks and live around the motor.
Cockroaches can even defy the law of gravity and crawl across the wall or ceiling.
Cockroaches can foul food and produce an unpleasant odor.
Cockroaches can hold their breath for up to seven minutes.
Cockroaches can inhabit inside the home, outside the home, or both.
Cockroaches can live a month on the glue from a stamp.
Cockroaches can live a month without food but only a week without water.
Cockroaches can live for about a week after they lose their head.
Cockroaches can live for over a month without food, but only a week without water.
Cockroaches can live for weeks without their heads.
Cockroaches can lose their head and continue to live for two weeks.
Cockroaches can only run at speeds up to three miles in an hour.
Cockroaches can run up to three miles in an hour.
Cockroaches can survive for up to a month with their heads cut off.
Cockroaches can survive on unlikely food sources like shoe polish, paint, and soap.
Cockroaches can swim into a home through sewer pipes.
Cockroaches can t swim but they can come in through sewer pipes if the water has subsided.
Cockroaches can transmit a number of diseases such as gastroenteritis and salmonella.
Cockroaches can trigger asthma attacks.
Cockroaches carry at least two kinds of bacteria that cause food poisoning.
Cockroaches carry disease and are a potential health hazard.
Cockroaches carry disease.
Cockroaches carry diseases like salmonella.
Cockroaches carry diseases.
Cockroaches carry virulent diseases.
Cockroaches chase each other in all directions.
Cockroaches climb the clocks and the cuckoos are all Jewish.
Cockroaches come out at night and use long feelers in the dark.
Cockroaches come out of their hiding places at night.
Cockroaches consume all types of human food as well as leather, paper, and bone.
Cockroaches contaminatefood and leave an unpleasant odor.
Cockroaches control bodies.
Cockroaches crawl over the children lying on the deck.
Cockroaches date back to the Carboniferous period.
Cockroaches depend on food.
Cockroaches detect approaching threats by sensing changes in air currents .
Cockroaches detect the food odor, enter the trap, and become immobilized by the adhesive.
Cockroaches develop from eggs, which are contained inside a capsule.
Cockroaches develop into adults.
Cockroaches display their evolutionary superiority over man.
Cockroaches do an important job.
Cockroaches do have a bad reputation, but most are actually very beneficial insects.
Cockroaches do pose a problem for asthmatics and allergy sufferers.
Cockroaches do the same thing.
Cockroaches drink water.
Cockroaches eat all kinds of food, and sometimes destroy books, rugs and clothing.
Cockroaches eat decaying matter.
Cockroaches eat everything, especially food rich in carbohydrate and sugar.
Cockroaches eat just about anything.
Cockroaches eat leaves.
Cockroaches eat rubbish.
Cockroaches eat the toxic bait and return to the harborage.
Cockroaches enter buildings.
Cockroaches enter homes.
Cockroaches enter structures.
Cockroaches enter the trap whendetecting the food odor and stick to the adhesive.
Cockroaches escape from light faster if other roaches are present.
Cockroaches especially like to build their homes in the subterranean areas of bathrooms.
Cockroaches fart on average every fifteen minutes.
Cockroaches feed on a variety of foods, with a preference for starchy and sugary material.
Cockroaches feed on food.
Cockroaches feed on many things including human food, book bindings and fabric.
Cockroaches flying high and crawling on the walls means rain.
Cockroaches generally forage randomly at night, using their antennae to sense and smell food.
Cockroaches generally prefer warm, humid, dark areas.
Cockroaches get their vitamins from bacteria that live in their bodies.
Cockroaches go through gradual metamorphosis.
Cockroaches go through metamorphosis.
Cockroaches has-part wings.
Cockroaches have (part) air sacs.
Cockroaches have (part) brains.
Cockroaches have (part) carapaces.
Cockroaches have (part) cell membranes.
Cockroaches have (part) cells.
Cockroaches have (part) corpi.
Cockroaches have (part) cytoplasm.
Cockroaches have (part) ears.
Cockroaches have (part) faces.
Cockroaches have (part) flight feathers.
Cockroaches have (part) heads.
Cockroaches have (part) nuclei.
Cockroaches have (part) plasma membranes.
Cockroaches have (part) quill feathers.
Cockroaches have (part) sections.
Cockroaches have (part) shells.
Cockroaches have (part) skulls.
Cockroaches have (part) thoraxes.
Cockroaches have (part) vacuoles.
Cockroaches have a broad, flattend shape and six long spiny legs.
Cockroaches have a broad, flattened shape and six long spiny legs.
Cockroaches have acinar salivary glands.
Cockroaches have antennas.
Cockroaches have developmental stages.
Cockroaches have distinct life stages.
Cockroaches have distinct stages.
Cockroaches have exoskeletons.
Cockroaches have habits.
Cockroaches have life stages.
Cockroaches have mandibles.
Cockroaches have mandibulate or chewing mouthparts.
Cockroaches have origins.
Cockroaches have six hairy legs.
Cockroaches have six legs, two antennae and some have wings.
Cockroaches have stages.
Cockroaches have the habit of dropping their feces wherever they go.
Cockroaches have three stages of development - egg, nymph, and adult.
Cockroaches have wings, and many of the larger species of roaches are capable of short flight.
Cockroaches have wings.
Cockroaches hide - their bodies have adapted to squeezing into tiny crevices and cracks.
Cockroaches hide during the day in sheltered places.
Cockroaches incubate their eggs in sacs or capsules called oothecae.
Cockroaches infest areas.
Cockroaches infest basements.
Cockroaches infest buildings.
Cockroaches infest dark, warm, damp locations.
Cockroaches infest homes.
Cockroaches inhabit areas.
Cockroaches inhabit habitats.
Cockroaches inhabit new england areas.
Cockroaches invade apartments.
Cockroaches invade attics.
Cockroaches invade floors.
Cockroaches invade habitats.
Cockroaches invade homes.
Cockroaches invade regions.
Cockroaches invade structures.
Cockroaches leave a bad odor on food they crawl on.
Cockroaches like to be touched.
Cockroaches live all over the world, from tropical areas to the coldest spots on earth.
Cockroaches live for months.
Cockroaches live for weeks.
Cockroaches live in all types of buildings and neighborhoods.
Cockroaches live in buildings.
Cockroaches live in dark, moist and warm places, such as gutters and drains.
Cockroaches live in groups called aggregations.
Cockroaches live in groups.
Cockroaches live in habitats.
Cockroaches live in neighborhoods.
Cockroaches live in the soil under the houses, around water and sewage pipes, in cesspools, etc.
Cockroaches live in unclean conditions, where garbage is open and there is access to food.
Cockroaches live on floors.
Cockroaches live up to years.
Cockroaches love food.
Cockroaches love the dark, and they tend to do most of their foraging at night.
Cockroaches love the darkness.
Cockroaches love to infest garbage, decaying matter like food or even rotting flesh.
Cockroaches love water, and are attracted to leaky faucets.
Cockroaches make efficient letter carriers when rewarded with a savory treat.
Cockroaches naturally gravitate toward areas which are littered with cockroach droppings.
Cockroaches never have to share their toys or make their beds.
Cockroaches nymphs undergo a series of molts until they eventually become adults.
Cockroaches occur throughout the world but are largely tropical.
Cockroaches plaster their fecal matter to wood or cardboard.
Cockroaches play an important ecological role.
Cockroaches pose hazards.
Cockroaches possess bodies.
Cockroaches practice sexual reproduction.
Cockroaches prefer areas.
Cockroaches prefer dark, tight, warm, and moist places.
Cockroaches prefer different habitats depending on the species.
Cockroaches prefer locations.
Cockroaches prefer moist, warm, dark places typical of many homes.
Cockroaches prefer to live where there is food, warmth and moisture.
Cockroaches present an array of health issues.
Cockroaches produce bad-tasting, odorous secretions from various points in their bodies.
Cockroaches produce secretion.
Cockroaches pull their antennae into their mouths with their forelegs to remove debris.
Cockroaches raise cockroaches.
Cockroaches reproduce on an average of four times per year.
Cockroaches reproduce sexually.
Cockroaches require food every seven to ten days but mut take in water every ten days.
Cockroaches require food.
Cockroaches require water, although the brown-banded can live for several weeks with minimal water.
Cockroaches require water.
Cockroaches roam freely everywhere.
Cockroaches roam the floors, water leaks through ceilings and rubbish piles up in corridors.
Cockroaches scurry around a pit toilet.
Cockroaches scurry through the kitchen.
Cockroaches scuttle by in anticipation Of a feast.
Cockroaches secrete substances.
Cockroaches seek food.
Cockroaches seek homes.
Cockroaches seek warmth, moisture and food.
Cockroaches share locations.
Cockroaches show behavior.
Cockroaches show different behavior.
Cockroaches skitter through a food pantry littered with mouse feces More . . .
Cockroaches stop to warm themselves in the sun before crawling off in search of food.
Cockroaches succumb to boric acid when they crawl over treated areas.
Cockroaches survive for months.
Cockroaches survive long time.
Cockroaches survive time.
Cockroaches tend to concentrate in certain areas.
Cockroaches thrive in habitats.
Cockroaches thrive in homes.
Cockroaches thrive in houses.
Cockroaches thrive in locations.
Cockroaches transmit bacteria and viruses.
Cockroaches undergo egg and nymphal stages before becoming adults.
Cockroaches walk on legs.
Cockroaches walking across an area dusted with boric acid pick up the dust on the sticky cuticle.
Cockroachs are insects.
Cockroachs are located in basements.
Cockroachs are located in closets.
Cockroachs are located in cupboards.
Cockroachs are located in restaurants.
Cockroachs are scavengers.
Cockroachs are vermins.
Cockroaches often hide in messy cabinets and in stacks of newspapers, bags and rags.
Cockroaches often hide in messy cabinets and in stacks of newspapers, bags, and rags.
Cockroaches usually are nocturnal.
All cockroaches lay eggs in clusters, glued together within an ootheca .
Most cockroaches are inside environments.
Most cockroaches are inside habitats.
Most cockroaches are inside homes.
Most cockroaches are nocturnal, and during the day are usually found hiding in crevices.
Most cockroaches are omnivores .
Most cockroaches are omnivores.
Most cockroaches are tropical and sub-tropical in origin, generally live outdoors.
Most cockroaches are tropical or sub-tropical inorigin and generally live outdoors.
Most cockroaches are tropical.
Most cockroaches avoid light.
Most cockroaches begin life.
Most cockroaches carry diseases.
Most cockroaches carry virulent diseases.
Most cockroaches depend on food.
Most cockroaches develop into adults.
Most cockroaches drink water.
Most cockroaches eat leaves.
Most cockroaches eat rubbish.
Most cockroaches enter buildings.
Most cockroaches enter homes.
Most cockroaches enter structures.
Most cockroaches feed on food.
Most cockroaches go through gradual metamorphosis.
Most cockroaches go through metamorphosis.
Most cockroaches has-part wings.
Most cockroaches have a flattened, oval shape, spiny legs, and long, filamentous antennae.
Most cockroaches have antennas.
Most cockroaches have developmental stages.
Most cockroaches have distinct life stages.
Most cockroaches have distinct stages.
Most cockroaches have habits.
Most cockroaches have life stages.
Most cockroaches have mandibles.
Most cockroaches have origins.
Most cockroaches have stages.
Most cockroaches have wings.
Most cockroaches inhabit areas.
Most cockroaches inhabit habitats.
Most cockroaches inhabit new england areas.
Most cockroaches inhabit niche habitats in forests, caves, burrows, or brush.
Most cockroaches invade apartments.
Most cockroaches invade attics.
Most cockroaches invade floors.
Most cockroaches invade habitats.
Most cockroaches invade homes.
Most cockroaches invade regions.
Most cockroaches invade structures.
Most cockroaches live for months.
Most cockroaches live for weeks.
Most cockroaches live in buildings.
Most cockroaches live in forests, caves, burrows, and brush.
Most cockroaches live in groups.
Most cockroaches live in habitats.
Most cockroaches live in neighborhoods.
Most cockroaches live on floors.
Most cockroaches live outside and help to decay organic matter.
Most cockroaches live up to years.
Most cockroaches love food.
Most cockroaches pose hazards.
Most cockroaches possess bodies.
Most cockroaches prefer locations.
Most cockroaches produce a secretion or chemical that has a repulsive odor.
Most cockroaches produce secretion.
Most cockroaches raise cockroaches.
Most cockroaches require food.
Most cockroaches require water.
Most cockroaches seek food.
Most cockroaches seek homes.
Most cockroaches show behavior.
Most cockroaches show different behavior.
Most cockroaches survive for months.
Most cockroaches survive long time.
Most cockroaches survive time.
Most cockroaches thrive in habitats.
Most cockroaches thrive in homes.
Most cockroaches thrive in houses.
Most cockroaches thrive in locations.
Most cockroaches walk on legs.
Some cockroaches adapt to environments.
Some cockroaches appear in restaurants.
Some cockroaches are inside forests.
Some cockroaches are inside holes.
Some cockroaches are inside houses.
Some cockroaches are inside nests.
Some cockroaches are inside rooms.
Some cockroaches are inside wood.
Some cockroaches are located in apartments.
Some cockroaches are located in kitchens.
Some cockroaches are located on floors.
Some cockroaches are located on walls.
Some cockroaches avoid poison.
Some cockroaches become adults.
Some cockroaches become health problems.
Some cockroaches become problems.
Some cockroaches become public health problems.
Some cockroaches bite humans.
Some cockroaches carry antigen.
Some cockroaches cause asthma.
Some cockroaches cause damage.
Some cockroaches contain substances.
Some cockroaches defend territory.
Some cockroaches eat insects.
Some cockroaches eat materials.
Some cockroaches eat other insects.
Some cockroaches emerge from cases.
Some cockroaches enter apartments.
Some cockroaches enter facilities.
Some cockroaches enter houses.
Some cockroaches enter such facilities.
Some cockroaches enter trees.
Some cockroaches escape from homes.
Some cockroaches feed on decay matter.
Some cockroaches feed on decay organic matter.
Some cockroaches feed on fruit.
Some cockroaches feed on matter.
Some cockroaches feed on organic matter.
Some cockroaches feed on sewage.
Some cockroaches find bakeries.
Some cockroaches find good places.
Some cockroaches find places.
Some cockroaches give birth to insects.
Some cockroaches go to water.
Some cockroaches has-part glands.
Some cockroaches have black race stripes.
Some cockroaches have black stripes.
Some cockroaches have elaborate structures.
Some cockroaches have insect metamorphosis.
Some cockroaches have intelligence.
Some cockroaches have metamorphosis.
Some cockroaches have muscles.
Some cockroaches have partial metamorphosis.
Some cockroaches have race stripes.
Some cockroaches have social structures.
Some cockroaches have stripes.
Some cockroaches have structures.
Some cockroaches hide in cabinets.
Some cockroaches hide in rubbish.
Some cockroaches invade kitchens.
Some cockroaches invade restaurants.
Some cockroaches live for whole years.
Some cockroaches live for years.
Some cockroaches live in areas.
Some cockroaches live in bark.
Some cockroaches live in basements.
Some cockroaches live in earth.
Some cockroaches live in floors.
Some cockroaches live in gardens.
Some cockroaches live in Hawaii.
Some cockroaches live in homes.
Some cockroaches live in moist areas.
Some cockroaches live in rooms.
Some cockroaches live in sewers.
Some cockroaches live in wood.
Some cockroaches live on trees.
Some cockroaches lose legs.
Some cockroaches make chirp noise.
Some cockroaches make noise.
Some cockroaches make secretion.
Some cockroaches perform jobs.
Some cockroaches play in wood.
Some cockroaches possess something.
Some cockroaches possess substances.
Some cockroaches prefer conditions.
Some cockroaches prefer temperature.
Some cockroaches produce acoustic sound.
Some cockroaches produce sound.
Some cockroaches seek water.
Some cockroaches shed skin.
Some cockroaches spread microorganisms.
Some cockroaches spread wings.
Some cockroaches survive weeks.
Some cockroaches thrive in apartments.
Some cockroaches thrive in corners.
Some cockroaches thrive in regions.
Some cockroaches undergo distinct phases.
Some cockroaches undergo phases.
Some cockroaches use chemicals.
Some cockroaches use wings.
Some cockroachs make occassional appearances.
A cockscomb is a crest
Cockscomb likes full sun and moderate watering.
Cockscomb tolerates heat and drought conditions.
Cockscombs are caps.
Cockscombs are herbs.
Cockscombs come in two different shapes.
Cocktail attire is appropriate.
Cocktail attire is recommended.
Cocktail bar is a popular meeting place.
Cocktail bar open all day round.
A cocktail dress is a dress
Cocktail dresses are usually short, evening dress is worn only for special occasions.
Cocktail hour includes complimentary wine and hors d'oeuvres.
Cocktail hour serves up complimentary hors d oeuvres.
Cocktail hours lure passengers for a drink and hot hors d'oeuvres.
Cocktail hours take place on the deck that overlooks the valley, barns and corrals.
A cocktail lounge is a bar
Cocktail lounge features entertainment and complimentary hors d'oeuvres.
Cocktail lounge open all day.
Cocktail lounges offers easy chair and live band to make the customer feel relaxed.
A cocktail party is a party
Cocktail parties are a whole different affair than the seated meal.
Cocktail parties are another no-no.
Cocktail parties are parties.
Cocktail parties are popular because guests can drop in and stay as their schedule allows.
Cocktail parties bring about the same blank stares.
Cocktail party follows with launch service from the club.
A cocktail table is a table
Cocktail tables allow CEOs and reporters to sit and schmooze.
Cocktail tables are much higher with maybe a shelf in the bottom.
Cocktail waitresses are another good example.
Cocktail waitresses are located in bars.
Cocktail waitresses cater to locals.
Cocktail waitresses serve highballs.
Cocktail waitresses wear a red and gold number with spaghetti straps and a short chiffon skirt.
Cocktail waitresses wear once classy purple velveteen minidresses.
Cocktail waitresses wear ruffly bathing suits in aqua, pink, and black.
A cocktail is a starter
Cocktail fits the bill.
Cocktail is a volatile mixture that can sting, smart, and swing.
Cocktail marks the end of the day and the beginning of the evening - the beginning of the party.
Cocktail sausages available.
Cocktail wear for more formal occasions.
Cocktails are a better experience here than the fairly pedestrian wine list.
Cocktails are also available at the lobby bar near registration.
Cocktails are also available.
Cocktails are also popular, but very expensive outside of happy hours.
Cocktails are appetizer.
Cocktails are available and to be encouraged on a cold and rainy day on the North Atlantic.
Cocktails are available at an open bar.
Cocktails are available for purchase at the lodge bar each afternoon and evening.
Cocktails are available for purchase.
Cocktails are available from the full bar.
Cocktails are available in the bar and a memorable dinner is also available.
Cocktails are available in the lounge area only.
Cocktails are available.
Cocktails are back in fashion but the martini is out of luck.
Cocktails are big news again, so treat guests to glam mixers and shakers.
Cocktails are cash only.
Cocktails are different.
Cocktails are good.
Cocktails are mixed drinks .
Cocktails are mixed drinks.
Cocktails are mixed drinks.
Cocktails are the answer.
Cocktails are typically stiff and reasonably priced.
Cocktails are well-mixed, and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
Cocktails are worse.
Cocktails can contain as many as five or six standard drinks, depending on the recipe.
Cocktails Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Cocktails require two to four weeks notice, as do large breakfasts.
Cocktails start at six, the dinner bell rings at seven.
Cocktails usually consist of three different 'classes' of ingredients.
Many cocktails are stronger.
Most cocktails call for a teaspoon of sugar to sweeten the drink.
Cocky behavior is disrespectful and self-centered.
Coco fiber is also a safe alternative.
Coco fiber is sold in bricks, which are easy to transport.
A coco is a palm tree
Coco approaches to a safe distance from the bomb.
Coco asks the audience for five adjectives that describe emotions.
Coco comes back about once a week for a dressing change.
COCO coordinate conversions.
Coco hops into the chair, looks down at the keypad, and starts driving the chair backwards.
Coco is a diaper wearing banana eater.
Coco is a family cat name.
Coco is a light brown rabbit with dark speckles.
Coco is a love bug and wants to cuddle and coo all the time.
Coco is a monkey, and that is that.
Coco is a very black cat and a very fury cat.
Coco is a woman of the world.
Coco is gay.
Coco is soft, cuddly and bendable.
Coco is still capable of very fast speeds.
Coco is systematic, neat, and very even-tempered.
Coco isa tree.
Coco loves details and is very competent.
COCO offers control over report resolution, and has a help facility.
Coco retrieves a nice green head near Cane Island.
Coco runs forward, jumps, and runs along the top of the shield.
Coco starts stumbling and looking around in a swirly-eyed daze.
COCO then rang off.
COCO wishes to have representatives in all the workgroups.
Cocos are bands.
Cocos are countries.
Cocos have (part) bark.
Cocos have (part) cell membranes.
Cocos have (part) cells.
Cocos have (part) corpi.
Cocos have (part) cytoplasm.
Cocos have (part) kernels.
Cocos have (part) leaf nodes.
Cocos have (part) nuclei.
Cocos have (part) plasma membranes.
Cocos have (part) sections.
Cocos have (part) stumps.
Cocos have (part) tree branches.
Cocos have (part) treetops.
Cocos have (part) trunks.
Cocos have (part) vacuoles.
Cocos have (part) xylem.
CoCos have other downfalls.
Some cocos contain nutrients.
Cocoa Beach is a popular resort famed for surfing and a lively nightlife.
Cocoa Beach is known for the sand and surf.
Cocoa Beach is located on a barrier island in the Central-East section of Florida.
Cocoa Beach is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Cocoa Beach offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Cocoa Beach offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
A cocoa bean is a tree
Cocoa beans are a delicate crop, requiring high temperatures and plenty of rainfall.
Cocoa beans are like coffee beans in that crops vary from year to year and region to region.
Cocoa beans are seeds.
Cocoa beans come from cocoa trees.
Cocoa beans grow in pods that sprout off of the trunk and branches of cocoa trees.
A cocoa butter is chocolate
Cocoa butter affects cholesterol levels.
Cocoa butter can crystallise into six different arrangements of molecules known as polymorphs.
Cocoa butter gives soap a wonderful creamy lather.
Cocoa butter has a mild chocolate flavor and smell .
Cocoa butter has a mild chocolate flavor and smell.
Cocoa butter improves the overall consistency of soap, making it both creamy and hard.
Cocoa butter is a big offender.
Cocoa butter is a mixture of triglycerides.
Cocoa butter is a natural fat that is present in cocoa beans.
Cocoa butter is a vegetable fat that looks like caramel.
Cocoa butter is added and then the mixture is spun to make it smooth.
Cocoa butter is also helpful.
Cocoa butter is an emollient and adds soothing properties to any soap.
Cocoa butter is composed of three fatty acids, oleic, stearic and palmitic acids.
CoCoa butter is made by blending chocolate syrup with butter and spread on French pastries.
Cocoa butter is ok.
Cocoa butter is squeezed from the liquid paste, leaving solids.
Cocoa butter is the fat that occurs in cocoa beans and is used in the manufacture of chocolate.
Cocoa butter is the fat that's removed from the liquor.
Cocoa butter is the natural fat of the cocoa bean.
Cocoa butter is used in chocolate bar manufacture, other confectionery , soaps , and cosmetics.
Cocoa butter is used to thicken many cosmetics, especially lipsticks and emollient creams.
Cocoa butter is very rich and soothing and goes deep to moisturize and soften skin.
Cocoa butter is, after all, the basis of many expensive skin creams.
Cocoa butters are chocolate.
Cocoa butters are fat.
Cocoa liquor is used to form chocolate through the addition of cocoa butter.
Cocoa liquor is used to make chocolate through the addition of additional cocoa butter.
Cocoa plants prefer some shade, especially when the trees are young.
Cocoa pods yield the seeds from which chocolate is made and also produce a sweet liqueur.
Cocoa powder contains a variety of minerals of which potassium and sodium are of primary importance.
Cocoa powder has more fat than carob powder, and some caffeine.
Cocoa powder is an excellent replacement for all well known brands of washing powder.
Cocoa powder is brown.
Cocoa powder is chocolate
Cocoa powder is chocolate.
Cocoa powder is known to be rich in antioxidants.
Cocoa powder is made by separating most of the cocoa butter out of the liquor.
Cocoa powder is powder.
Cocoa powder is the chocoholics answer.
Cocoa production dominates the islands' agriculture.
Most cocoa today is made in Africa .
Most cocoa today is made in Africa.
Cocoa trees are grown from seeds or stem cuttings in nurseries and transplanted to the field.
Cocoa trees grow in regions.
Cocoa trees grow in tropical regions.
Cocoa trees have shades.
Cocoa trees produce pods that are the size of a pineapple.
Cocoa trees thrive near the equator, flourishing in high temperatures and humidity.
Most cocoa trees grow in regions.
Most cocoa trees grow in tropical regions.
Most cocoa trees have shades.
Cocoa braves coming out of the house.
Cocoa can be lumpy unless sifted.
Cocoa contains a variety of minerals and vitamins.
Cocoa contains certain chemicals and sensory properties that make the product very appealing.
Cocoa contains flavonoids, protective phytochemicals that keep our cells healthy.
Cocoa contains flavonoids, which are compounds with antioxidant properties.
Cocoa is a bean, in the same large family of plants that includes soybeans.
Cocoa is a common substance that causes allergic reactions.
Cocoa is a drink
Cocoa is a good warming beverage since it is low in caffeine and contains needed carbohydrate.
Cocoa is a high-level framework that has many benefits for the developer.
Cocoa is a little different, it is quoted in even dollar amounts per ton.
Cocoa is a little timid, but very sweet and likes attention.
Cocoa is a luxury item.
Cocoa is a truly magic bean.
Cocoa is also an important crop for Grenada, but it too has suffered in the past years.
Cocoa is always friendly.
Cocoa is available.
Cocoa is beverages.
Cocoa is extremely well balanced and energetic, great with children and other dogs.
Cocoa is foodstuff.
Cocoa is generally a better beverage than coffee in the cold.
Cocoa is house broken and crate trained.
Cocoa is housebroken, and mostly quiet.
Cocoa is housebroken, walks on a leash and loves small children.
Cocoa is less sensitive to temperature changes than chocolate.
Cocoa is mildly acidic.
Cocoa is more environmentally friendly because it needs the shade of trees to grow properly.
Cocoa is much better.
Cocoa is much lower in caffeine, high in needed carbohydrate, and is warming.
Cocoa is no slouch either.
Cocoa is now a major cultivated food crop.
Cocoa is object-oriented programming.
Cocoa is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Cocoa is similar to unsweetened chocolate, only it's in powdered form and has less cocoa butter.
Cocoa is slightly more tropical than coffee.
Cocoa is still the biggest agricultural export.
Cocoa is still the country's second biggest export.
Cocoa is the biggest cash crop in Ghana's predominantly agricultural economy.
Cocoa is the most advanced object-oriented technology on the market today.
Cocoa is the object-oriented development environment.
Cocoa is the object-oriented native framework of OS X building on Carbon.
Cocoa is the world's smallest soft commodity market.
Cocoa is very energetic, loves to play fetch.
Cocoa isa beverage.
Cocoa likes to run up and down the fence line to play with the dog next door.
Cocoa nibs consist of two important components, cocoa solids and cocoa butter.
Cocoa offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Cocoa provides award winning simulations and a fantastic simulation-building enviornment.
Cocoa provides just such a mechanism.
Cocoa stands to do even better.
Cocoa always puts on a studly schnauzer face.
Most cocoa is grown on small farms in Brazil, Ghana, Indonesia, the Ivory Coast and Malaysia.
Some cocoa causes heartburn.
Some cocoa lowers blood pressure.
Some cocoa protects skin.
Some cocoa reduces degeneration.
Cocoanuts are the fruit of the palmtree.
Coconut butter is an excellent butter substitution for people who are cutting out dairy products.
Coconut crabs are active at night which makes it difficult to see slight differences in body motion.
Coconut crabs are extremely high priced in the national food market .
Coconut crabs are extremely high priced in the national food market.
Coconut crabs can climb trees .
Coconut crabs can climb trees.
Coconut crabs inhabit burrows.
Coconut crabs live alone in underground burrows and rock crevices, depending on the local terrain.
Coconut cream is a thicker version of coconut milk which contains added sugar .
Coconut cream is a thicker version of coconut milk which contains added sugar.
Coconut cream is made from the liquid that is on the surface of coconut milk .
Coconut cream is made from the liquid that is on the surface of coconut milk.
Coconut cream is milk
Coconut cup has a gloss finish and a straw hole already drilled into the cup.
Coconut fiber contains organic compounds which other hydroponic media lack.
Coconut fiber holds more oxygen than rockwool and is pH neutral.
Coconut fiber is excellent to use as a moisture cushion when mounting against cork.
Coconut fiber is fungus-free because it contains tannin, a natural fungicide.
Coconut fiber is totally organic and retains more oxygen than rockwool.
Coconut fibre is used to make rope, rugs, matting, brooms and brushes.
Coconut fruit belongs to the sweep group.
Coconut fruits can float thousands of miles in the ocean to spread seeds.
Coconut groves are abundant as the palms flourish on salty soils.
Coconut husk is the basic raw material of the industry.
Coconut juice is also a popular drink in the country.
Coconut meat mixes with vegetables.
Coconut milk adds exceptional coconut flavour to curreys.
Coconut milk contains a large percentage of vegetable fat.
Coconut milk contains essential vitamins.
Coconut milk contains vitamins.
Coconut milk enriches stews, braises and curries.
Coconut milk has calories.
Coconut milk is a blend of coconut water and the scrapings of the coconut meat.
Coconut milk is a good substitute for cow and soy milk.
Coconut milk is added only after the flame is switched off.
Coconut milk is also widely used in all kinds of warm meals.
Coconut milk is an essential cooking ingredient in Indonesian cuisine.
Coconut milk is an essential ingredient in many Indonesian and Thai dishes.
Coconut milk is an extremely important ingredient for many cuisines of Asia.
Coconut milk is available in either canned or dried powder form in most Asian market stores.
Coconut milk is available in supermarkets, oriental grocery stores, and health food stores.
Coconut milk is available in the ethnic foods aisle of most supermarkets.
Coconut milk is beverages.
Coconut milk is classified as thick , thin , or coconut cream .
Coconut milk is food.
Coconut milk is juice.
Coconut milk is liquid endosperm.
Coconut milk is many things.
Coconut milk is milk
Coconut milk is milk.
Coconut milk is mixture.
Coconut milk is much higher in fat and is often used in Asian cooking.
Coconut milk is plant materials.
Coconut milk is something of a mystery.
Coconut milk is the base for most of the curries.
Coconut milk is the base of most Thai curries.
Coconut milk is used in most dishes.
Coconut milk is used in the confection of a great number of sweet meats.
Coconut milk makes a luscious cream.
Coconut milk shows up often in rice dishes.
Coconut milk tends to mellow the curry.
Most coconut milk contains essential vitamins.
Most coconut milk contains vitamins.
Most coconut milk has calories.
Coconut oil appears to help the immune system response in a beneficial manner.
Coconut oil causes heart disease.
Coconut oil contains antimicrobial lipids.
Coconut oil contains lipids.
Coconut oil contains medium chain fatty acids that boost the metabolic process in the body.
Coconut oil has appreciable water absorbing property, which provides moisturization.
Coconut oil has benefits.
Coconut oil has health benefits.
Coconut oil has many benefits.
Coconut oil has many health benefits.
Coconut oil improves metabolism.
Coconut oil improves performance.
Coconut oil improves the performance of the digestive system that can make a person lose weight.
Coconut oil is a greasy preparation and is best applied overnight.
Coconut oil is a healthy weight loss ingredient.
Coconut oil is a major source of lauric acid.
Coconut oil is a most important oil because it is a lauric oil.
Coconut oil is a saturated fat.
Coconut oil is a very effective emollient treatment for the scalp.
Coconut oil is a white, semisolid fat expressed from the kernels of a tropical plant.
Coconut oil is also a good remedy.
Coconut oil is also a main ingredient in Ayurvedic oils .
Coconut oil is also available in Indian markets.
Coconut oil is an important base ingredient for the manufacture of soap.
Coconut oil is applied to the hair and is also used for cooking and making soaps and cosmetics.
Coconut oil is considered of lower quality than olive oil as it tastes more lardy.
Coconut oil is made from fully dried copra having maximum moisture content of six per cent.
Coconut oil is made up of chains of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen called fatty acids.
Coconut oil is often in food and soaps .
Coconut oil is often in food and soaps.
Coconut oil is oil
Coconut oil is proven to have a good effect on hair and help in promoting growth.
Coconut oil is responsible for the rich, thick lather in handmade soap.
Coconut oil is rich in lauric acid, which is known for being antiviral and antibacterial.
Coconut oil is still the most commonly used oil for soap.
Coconut oil is supposed to be a good oil and help dogs.
Coconut oil is the country s biggest farm export product.
Coconut oil is the most typical frying medium in Southern India.
Coconut oil is the traditional cooking medium in our households.
Coconut oil is used as a surface spray for bakery items like crackers.
Coconut oil is used for very dry skin plus a cooling effect.
Coconut oil is vegetable oil.
Coconut oil is very effective at creating lather.
Coconut oil is very popular in soaps today.
Coconut oil is without a doubt, the number one lather-producing agent used in soaps.
Coconut oil is, of course, from a plant source, but still hardens at room temperature.
Coconut oil makes a wonderful, rich lather.
Coconut oil moisturizes the scalp and aid in hair growth too.
Coconut oil plays a major role in improving thyroid function.
Coconut oil plays major roles.
Coconut oil plays roles.
Coconut oil provides a nice white fluffy lather.
Coconut oil provides additional benefits.
Coconut oil yields a softer, quick-lathering soap.
Most coconut oil contains antimicrobial lipids.
Most coconut oil contains lipids.
Most coconut oil has benefits.
Most coconut oil has health benefits.
Most coconut oil has many benefits.
Most coconut oil has many health benefits.
Most coconut oil improves metabolism.
Most coconut oil improves performance.
Most coconut oil plays major roles.
Some coconut oil causes diseases.
Some coconut oil causes heart diseases.
Some coconut oil contains acid.
Some coconut oil contains fatty acid.
Some coconut oil contains medium chain triglyceride.
Some coconut oil contains triglyceride.
Some coconut oil has antimicrobial properties.
Some coconut oil has properties.
Some coconut oil solves problems.
Coconut palm trees grow in areas.
A coconut palm is a palm tree
Coconut palms are a low maintenance palm in that they are self pruning.
Coconut palms are everywhere.
Coconut palms are palm trees.
Coconut palms continue to produce roots from the base of the stem throughout their lives.
Coconut palms crowd the muddy rutted track.
Coconut palms dominate the eastern end of the caye.
Coconut palms dominate the eastern part of the caye.
Coconut palms grow on the gradual slopes.
Coconut palms protect their fruit by surrounding it with multiple layers of armor.
Coconut palms require warm conditions for successful growth, and are intolerant of cold weather.
Coconut palms rise from the lawns shading the gardens.
Coconut palms start life as a cluster of leaves.
Coconut palms sway and rustle in the gentle cooling trade winds.
Coconut palms towering above dense shrubs and hardy plants protect the shores from erosion.
Coconut pie is the appropriate dessert.
Coconut pie is the dessert specialty.
Coconut rice is made with canned coconut milk.
Coconut shell based carbons are strictly microporous.
Coconut sugar is one of the villages' welknown products.
Coconut timber comes from farmed plantations of old coconut palms.
Coconut timber has many applications as both a structural and interior design material.
Coconut timber is a hardwood -substitute from coconut palm trees.
Coconut timber is a source of income for less developed south pacific island communities.
A coconut tree is a palm tree
Coconut trees are at either end.
Coconut trees are flexible and bend a long way in the wind.
Coconut trees are grown on all the islands.
Coconut trees bend for the sun.
Coconut trees can also provide timber for construction projects and a source of fuel.
Coconut trees grow along the coast of Tahiti.
Coconut trees grow from seeds.
Coconut trees grow quite large during their life span.
Coconut trees have trunks.
Coconut trees lean into the sand, shading patches of quiet beach.
Coconut trees line the beaches and corniches of Oman .
Coconut trees prevent erosion, make tasty drinks, and can be used for oil.
Coconut trees provide sources.
Most coconut trees grow from seeds.
Most coconut trees provide sources.
Coconut water is cheap and readily available by the side of the road.
Coconut water is considered as one of the best health drink.
Coconut water is crisp, cool, and refreshing, and it is often used in drinks in tropical regions.
Coconut water is high in electrolytes.
Coconut water is milk
Coconut water is the liquid substance within the nut.
Coconut water is the number one aphrodisiac.
Some coconut water contains concentration.
Some coconut water has amounts.
A coconut is solid food
Coconut counts as a dried fruit.
Coconut curry soup explosion and an asian style caesar salad are far better.
Coconut drinks at the poolside bar are fun for the kids.
Coconut forms another versatile means of food and occupation.
Coconut germplasm characterization using DNA marker technology.
Coconut germplasm development in Indonesia.
Coconut growing regions are as far north as Hawaii and as far south as Madagascar.
Coconut helps prevent static and fly-away strands.
Coconut helps with the memory verse.
Coconut is of eminent importance on the multitude of islands that belong to Indonesia.
Coconut isa matter.
Coconut plays a prominent role in all religious offerings.
Coconut replaces maple leaf on the Canadian flag.
Coconut works nicely as a mulch.
Coconuts also are low in other necessary nutrients such as vitamins and minerals.
Coconuts also make wonderful planters.
Coconuts are a special treat.
Coconuts are an abundant natural resources, completely biodegradable, and environmentally safe.
Coconuts are another main produce of the archipelago.
Coconuts are available year-round.
Coconuts are classified as a fibrous one-seeded drupe.
Coconuts are coconut palms.
Coconuts are coconuts.
Coconuts are food.
Coconuts are fruit.
Coconuts are green when young and brown with the hard inner nut when ripe.
Coconuts are irresistible to children, especially for kids from Maine.
Coconuts are located in trees.
Coconuts are monecious, mature fruit contains one seed which is the largest one known.
Coconuts are palms.
Coconuts are part of coconuts.
Coconuts are plants.
Coconuts are plentiful, and both the milk and dried fruit are used to flavor meals.
Coconuts are plentiful, and both the milk and dried fruit are used to flavour meals.
Coconuts are plentiful.
Coconuts are produced by palm trees.
Coconuts are produced by trees.
Coconuts are salt tolerant growing right on the beach, but do better a few hundred feet back.
Coconuts are seeds.
Coconuts are soaked in lagoons and cracked by hand to collect the fibers.
Coconuts are solid objects.
Coconuts are specialized for water dispersal.
Coconuts are the fruit of the coconut palm tree.
Coconuts are the most important of all cultivated palms.
Coconuts are the most widely grown perennial crop in the Pacific.
Coconuts are the way palm trees reproduce, it is the seed.
Coconuts are well known for their ability to float on water to reach land where they can germinate.
Coconuts can be many things to many people.
Coconuts can float for thousands of miles until they are cast up onto a sandy shore.
Coconuts can float thousands of kilometres across the ocean before being washed up upon the shore.
Coconuts can make rope, soap and candles.
Coconuts can travel for thousands of kilometres across seas and oceans.
Coconuts come in a number of shapes and sizes.
Coconuts emphasizes casual, yet personal service.
Coconuts float on the ocean to the next shore.
Coconuts float on the waves.
Coconuts grow in tropical countries .
Coconuts grow in tropical countries.
Coconuts grow on palm trees.
Coconuts have milk.
Coconuts have no root hairs.
Coconuts have other amazing benefits.
Coconuts have the most uses, such as in handicrafts, traditional medicines and food.
Coconuts is a favorite with locals, who often take a break from work and come for lunch.
Coconuts is also available for parties of all kinds.
Coconuts is located in Little Bay Jamaica and is one of the safest places in the entire world.
Coconuts litter the sand.
Coconuts prove to be the best option.
Coconuts regrow indefinately.
Coconuts roll down to the water line.
Coconut always gets a key word turned around and then causes a disturbance.
Most coconuts are produced by palm trees.
Most coconuts are produced by trees.
Some coconuts cause allergic reaction.
Some coconuts cause reaction.
A cocoon is a natural object
Cocoon aims for a complete separation of the three layers.
Cocoon can even apply different stylesheets to a unique XML content based on the requesting client.
Cocoon can then call a first transformation that deals with the flow.
Cocoon is a large oval structure, usually slightly pointed at one end.
Cocoon is a look into the human spirit and is a warm, fuzzy feel-good flick.
Cocoon is able to discriminate between browsers, allowing the different stylesheets to be applied.
Cocoon is an integrated framework for all of the above.
Cocoon is an XML publishing framework.
Cocoon is the best choice for bedrooms, children's rooms, and media rooms.
Cocoon Is the pupa of moth.
Cocoon isa object.
Cocoon permits programmers to separate out XML creation, processing, and rendering.
Cocoon relies on a small set of simple formatting conventions in the header files.
Cocoon watch combined with tailored target hardening can prove effective.
Cocoons are extremely tough and persist on trees long after the moth has emerged.
Cocoons are formed either during copulation, or after the two worms have separated.
Cocoons are found on small twigs and branches and also in deep furrows of bark or under loose bark.
Cocoons are natural objects.
Cocoons are shades of white, cream and yellow depending on silkworm genetics.
Cocoons are sticky, attracting dirt and debris.
Cocoons are tan to brown, oval in shape, and are found on the ground under the tree.
Cocoons are tough, white and stick firmly to the bark of the fruit tree.
Cocoons are very tiny, and the shape of a lemon.
Cocoons commonly contain fine yellow or yellowish-white powder.
Cocoons have (part) sections.
Cocoons occur on vegetation or in the soil litter.
Some cocoons contain very little silk at all.
Cocoonings are seclusions.
A cocoyam is a root vegetable
Cocoyam take up to a year or more before yielding a significant crop of cormels.
A cocuswood is wood
Cocuswood is a good hard tonewood, with a light colour.
Cod fisheries are fisheries for cod .
Cod livers are processed to make cod liver oil .
A cod is a bony fish
Cod begin to school up in late winter and find jigs irresistible.
Cod follow the shoals inshore, eating adults and young.
CoD is a useful facility and as it becomes more flexible it is likely to grow in popularity.
Cod isa covering.
Cod isa fish.
CoD offers the ability to meet unexpected demands on systems.
Cod rules the fish sandwich world.
CODs are also available.
CODs are an extra charge.
CODs are available to established customers.
CODs are by permission and are subject to the additional fees charged by the shipping agent.
Cods are caught by fishermen.
Cods are fish.
Cods are part of atlantic cods.
Cods are saltwater fish.
Cods are whitefishs.
Cods feed on fish.
Cods feed on mollusks, crabs, starfish, worms, squid, and small fish.
Cods have (part) brains.
Cods have (part) breasts.
Cods have (part) cell membranes.
Cods have (part) chest cavities.
Cods have (part) chests.
Cods have (part) corpi.
Cods have (part) cytoplasm.
Cods have (part) ears.
Cods have (part) faces.
Cods have (part) fish scales.
Cods have (part) fishbones.
Cods have (part) flippers.
Cods have (part) heads.
Cods have (part) nuclei.
Cods have (part) pedal extremities.
Cods have (part) plasma membranes.
Cods have (part) rib cages.
Cods have (part) sections.
Cods have (part) skulls.
Cods have (part) sperm.
Cods have (part) sterna.
Cods have (part) tail fins.
Cods have (part) vacuoles.
Cods have (part) vertebrate feet.
Cods have (part) yolks.
Cods have cartilaginous skeletons.
Cods have dorsal fins.
Cods have fins.
Cods have heads.
Cods have jaws.
Cods have protrude jaws.
Cods have protrude upper jaws.
Cods have skeletons.
Cods have upper jaws.
Cods inhabit inshore water.
Cods inhabit water.
Cods live in habitats.
CODs require payment by cashiers check or money orders.
Most cod are between six and twelve pounds as adults, and weigh between four and ten pounds.
Most cods are caught by fishermen.
Most cods feed on fish.
Most cods have cartilaginous skeletons.
Most cods have fins.
Most cods have heads.
Most cods have jaws.
Most cods have protrude jaws.
Most cods have skeletons.
Most cods have upper jaws.
Most cods inhabit inshore water.
Most cods live in habitats.
Some cod are platy.
Some cods belong to families.
Some cods have distribution.
Some cods have time.
Some cods live for years.
A coda is an ending
CODA addresses bicultural experiences through conferences, support groups and resource development.
CodA does however, help in identifying the location and scope of the problem.
CodA is a framework for creating, controlling and understanding concurrent computing environments.
CODA plays digital sound files in a controlled and continuous mix.
CODA produces high-quality digital broadcasting with low studio operating costs.
CODA replaces records, tapes, CDs and mini-disks.
Codas are a unique form of communication.
Codas are automobiles.
Codas give cues to aerial behaviors, including lobtailing and breaches.
Coddled guests come back year after year.
Coddled plants can look intriguing.
Code analysis injures programmers.
Code base is original.
Code blocks vary greatly in size.
Every code block is compiled as a single subroutine.
Code books are available for purchase at most college book stores.
Code breaking is a possibility.
Code characters Create a table of coded characters from the table of raw data above.
Code cleanup is done for the first pass.
Code comments are at a minimum here.
CODE Comments are usually timely, reflective, and interesting.
Code completion saves time otherwise spent referring to documentation.
Code complexity has effect on how difficult it is to test and maintain.
Code complexity is reduced, and the overall complexity of the system becomes more manageable.
Code factoring can introduce new procedures that can be called from several sites.
Code generation is a vital issue.
Code generation is also a transformation, where the target language is a programming language.
Code generation is aware of user additions via special comments added during generation.
Code generation is based on a scalable, synchronous data flow approach.
Code generation is faster.
Code generation looks like useful work and is easier to justify.
Code generation means converting the stack-oriented bytecodes into gcc expression nodes.
Code generation using common meta data can help reduce code complexity and development time.
Code laws are very formal laws, and are actual written laws.
Some code listings have a line beneath the description which contains a colon.
Code names are names.
Some code names are more obvious than others.
Code of conduct is a rule
Code of conduct is convention.
Code of conduct is norms.
Codes of conduct are a good instrument to support that.
Codes of conduct are formal mechanisms which, typically, are characteristic of larger organizations.
Codes of conduct are increasingly common in the U.S. apparel industry.
Codes of conduct are now a common weapon in their arsenals.
Codes of conduct are silly.
Codes of conduct are the companies' response to such claims.
Codes of conduct can work.
Codes of conduct is an area which is quite new.
Codes of conduct remain largely experimental.
Codes of ethics are also common among other educators and educational organizations.
Codes of ethics are controversial documents.
Codes of ethics are staples of professional life.
Codes of practice are an alternative to regulations.
Codes of practice come into force.
Codes of practice give practicable means of reducing work-related injury or disease.
Codes of practice make appropriate exemptions for educational institutions .
Codes of practice provide practical advice on preventive strategies.
Code package provides both complete programs and code segments.
CODE RED covers firefighting, emergencies, natural disasters, and extreme weather.
CODE RED is a two-day seminar with training offered to middle level and high school students.
CODE RED is used to announce all fire and smoke situations.
Code review is also a very inexpensive way to for developers to teach and to learn.
Code review is underway.
Code reviews are about the only way to enforce CSs.
Code reviews are common practice in many companies and serve good purpose.
Code reviews are expensive.
Code reviews are one mechanism one can use to expose code to daylight.
Code reviews have a great deal of potential for removing defects.
Code reviewers can come and go.
Code sets are to be reviewed and changed on a annual basis.
Code sets define character and control function assignments to code points.
Code sharing can confuse even the most seasoned travelers.
Code sharing is encouraged.
Code sharing is very frequent in a multiprogramming system.
Code signing is a way to step out of the sandbox.
Code snippet follows.
Some code space is saved by combining wait routines for three separate pushbuttons.
Some code style fixes.
CODE V is a general optical design and simulation code.
Code Veronica are almost as good as the visuals.
Code Veronica FAQs, respectively.
Code Veronica has.
Code Veronica is a gorgeous game, and the zombies are so damned gruesome.
Code Veronica is absolutely phenomenal.
Code Veronica is an absolutely amazing game.
Code Veronica is essentially a proven formula refined to near-perfection.
Code Veronica is graphically stunning, far surpassing any adventure game released to date.
Code Veronica is the greatest thing since sliced slabs of baked yeast.
Code Veronica look tame.
Code words are important.
Code words disguise racial issues and shape public discourse.
CODE also sponsors an annual professional growth event.
CODE can display the disassembled machine code of all target processors.
CODE can produce programs for three varieties of architectures.
CODE combines several genres with heavy tendencies, groove, dynamics and emotion.
Code diagnoses and procedures appropriate to the non-hospital setting.
Code diagnoses and procedures appropriate to the physician-based setting.
Code fixes to handle mouse ACKs properly.
Code following such a function is considered unreachable.
CODE has a completly new user inteface, see the new screenshots .
CODE has a virtual library of distance learning material for members.
CODE has a wonderful local publishing program in Ghana.
CODE has flexible, non-invasive licensing .
Code has restrictions.
Code indicates evidence.
CODE is a completely integrated environment, including a source editor and project manager.
CODE is a numeric code that uniquely identifies the message.
Code is code of conduct.
Code is communication
Code is cools.
CODE is designed to interface with the above type compressed files.
CODE is intended for short segments of computer code.
CODE is the district s abbreviation from the zoning map.
CODE is used for representing programming or mark-up code.
CODE is used for snippets of code which appear inside a paragraph of text.
CODE is used to indicate that a fragment of text is computer code.
Code isa written language.
Code lists .
Code lists for Norwegian plates.
Code marks along the edge of the celluloid film strip can identify the year the print was made.
Code provides guidelines.
CODE provides professional development to teachers throughout the province of Ontario.
Code reviews for harishd, pollmann, peterv.
CODE See above.
CODE Specifies the document language.
Code statements to reformat data for user-friendly reporting.
Code statements to separate the formula string into an array of symbols and numbers.
CODE tells the browser which file inside the directory to use.
Code templates for various constructs.
Code transformations to improve memory parallelism.
CODE Use a fixed-pitch font for the enclosed text.
Code writers on the front lines are responsible for establishing their own quality metrics.
Codes add confusion to novice users.
Codes allow field size reductions with dosing.
Codes allow for funds that invest only in one market, in regions and globally.
Codes allow the quick and easy input of data, reducing input time and error margin.
Codes allow the quick and easy input of data, reducing input time and error.
Codes allow the user to specify with precision, exactly what the user wishes to obtain.
Codes appear in the browse list in parentheses following the browse term.
Codes appear on the top of the carton.
Codes are a vital aspect of problem-posing.
Codes are anonymous unique identification numbers for each submitted sequence.
Codes are as small as possible so they are easier to manipulate and learn from.
Codes are awkward, often useless, in communicating the unexpected.
Codes are capitals in machine readable usage.
Codes are case sensitive.
Codes are concepts.
Codes are continually changing, so be sure to check back often for updated codes.
Codes are easy to decipher, however, unless there are many participants in the survey.
Codes are generally minimum requirements based on bad outcomes.
Codes are in a state of active evolution much like our buildings themselves.
Codes are in place.
Codes are indelible and provide protection during wash down procedures.
Codes are ineffective.
Codes are letter combinations or symbols used to represent words or concepts.
Codes are location, damage, and hours.
Codes are messages in which words are represented by letters, words, numbers or symbols.
Codes are necessary in every film but sub-codes differ from film to film.
Codes are previous to and relatively independent from languages and from other signaling systems.
Codes are regulations by military orders.
Codes are shown with their last year of use .
Codes are shown with their last year of use.
Codes are simple to set up using the full sized keyboard and display.
Codes are slow to change.
Codes are socially and historically defined.
Codes are the arrangement of words that make up the message.
Codes are the same for all the jobs.
Codes are themselves concepts, and they are also represented with models.
Codes are too complicated.
Codes are user definable.
Codes are widely available across the Internet and simple to enter at the team match-up screen.
Codes become part of the permit and inspection processes.
Codes become the keys.
Codes can also be very effective memory aids.
Codes can also err through lack of specificity, leaving more questions unanswered than resolved.
Codes can be compulsory, like road rules.
Codes can be numeric or alphabetic.
Codes can be the aroma, the decor, the china and silver, the garnish, the anticipation.
Codes can change yearly.
Codes can offer protection by providing some form of traceability for pirated data.
Codes can only function in the context of known ends.
Codes can stifle true ethical discourse by providing ready-made solutions to complex moral choices.
Codes change frequently and vary from state to state and even from city to city.
Codes Check out some hidden boxers.
Codes contribute to the well-being of a community.
Codes Create a super forward, defenseman, goalie and more.
Codes define valid return reasons, authorizations, credit information, and disposition.
Codes demonstrate as well a group's commitment to ethics.
Codes describe procedures, services, and supplies.
Codes differ by country.
Codes enforced include building, fire, electrical, gas and plumbing, mechanical, and housing.
Codes enforced include building, fire, electrical, gas, plumbing, mechanical, and housing.
Codes Enter expert mode and check out some special moves.
Codes even protect the workers during the construction process.
Codes exist to calculate the counting rates.
Codes fingerprints for inclusion in computerized master and latent files.
Codes govern construction, maintenance of structures and the use of structures.
Codes have the following meanings.
Codes have to be continuous assessed.
Codes help architects by defining basic safety design standards.
Codes indicate ages appropriate for each video listed.
Codes indicate the school attended by each on-staff therapist.
Codes Indicates how the call is rated and taxed.
Codes keep construction costs down.
Codes placed into Web pages let users click their mouse to go to different Web pages.
Codes protect the public by regulating safe construction.
Codes protect the public's health, safety and welfare.
Codes provide consistent standards in construction.
Codes provide for economy of space in computer systems.
Codes provide standards for design, construction and maintenance of homes and businesses.
Codes provide standards for the design, construction and maintenance of homes and businesses.
Codes provide uniformity in the construction industry.
Codes reduce heat shield require- ments from eighteen inches to six inches on electric furnaces.
Codes refer to different categories of electric log facies types.
Codes regulate construction to protect the safety and health of the community.
Codes require inputs, particularly inputs on the properties of the materials used in the problems.
Codes require stair railings to be a certain height and have a minimum spacing between the spindles.
Codes require that all homes meet the same level of safety.
Codes seem more anchored in our fears than our hopes.
Codes shown in bold are current.
Codes specify the lowest responsible bidder.
Codes Start a game with the advantages that high rank offers.
Codes Unlock all the cars, access championship mode and more.
Codes use average soils to determine average footing sizes.
Codes vary from one food packer or processor to the next.
Codes vary in terms of their emphases.
Codes work in non multiplayer modes only.
Codes usually contain information about the agency s employment philosophy and policies.
Codes usually have two parts.
All code belongs to all programmers.
All code contains bugs.
All code executes in the coder before it executes in the machine.
All code is as is and for educational purposes only.
All code is available here .
All code is available.
All code is buggy.
All code is checked and verified against the latest HTML standards.
All code is commented and uses standard naming conventions.
All code is contained entirely in the cart.
All code is copyrighted by the authors.
All code is Copyrighted by the individual members mentioned above.
All code is designed to compile and run on most platforms.
All code is documented and provided.
All code is either open source or freeware, and even some public domain.
All code is executed as it is read.
All code is freeware.
All code is given to the open source community free of any charge.
All code is implemented as an event driven state machine.
All code is in assembly language, and great attention to detail is required.
All code is included.
All code is inline in header.
All code is linked to the executable file so there is no run-time software to distribute.
All code is made available with source, freely useable for noncommercial purposes.
All code is open and available for customizing.
All code is open source.
All code is original and free.
All code is pair programmed .
All code is pair programmed.
All code is part of a class.
All code is provided as is, and no warrenty is expressed or implied.
All code is released under the gpl.
All code is royalty-free for distribution rights.
All code is supplied in both source and object form.
All code is tested before being posted.
All code is tested before it is posted.
All code is tested before posting.
All code is tested first.
All code is under revision control on each master.
All code is updated on a regular basis.
All code is written and maintained in house to ensure conformity to strict development guidelines.
All code now lives in a src directory.
All code runs in the same address space.
All code works properly for dates before the current era.
All code written has to be well designed and well implemented.
All codes are available for free download.
All codes are available in a variety of media types.
All codes are beautiful, because they increase complexity.
All codes are by their publisher.
All codes are case sensitive.
All codes are case-sensitive, so use capital letters.
All codes are free and easily taken.
All codes are important.
All codes are internally cross-referenced to explanatory text.
All codes are subject to interpretation at many levels of code enforcement.
All codes autodiscriminate.
All codes can be alphanumeric to allow for meaningful descriptions.
All codes have their strengths and their weaknesses.
All codes listed are as specific as possible.
All codes now have the same structure.
Any code can be written, that is true.
Any code can use and even change any attribute in any object.
Any code following the call is executed immediately.
Any code is better than no code.
Every code consists of a letter followed by three numbers.
Every code is different, and students' reports vary in the numbers of possibilities printed.
Many codes allow no constraints or only bound constraints.
Many codes allow the use of metallic conduits to be used as grounding conductors.
Many codes are available through the Internet.
Many codes are case-sensitive.
Many codes are useful only to but computer programmers.
Many codes contain little that relates to the management and resourcing of the profession.
Many codes ignore the subject of enforcement.
Many codes specify minimum letter height.
More code is required beyond the default wizard framework for the view.
Most codes usually fail when they try to model more than two fibers in three dimensions.
Most code has restrictions.
Most code indicates evidence.
Most code is all inter-related.
Most code is developed by a single person.
Most code provides guidelines.
Most code works for unbalanced data.
Most codes allow for extensions of time, if needed.
Most codes also specify particular limits that apply under 'serviceability' or 'working' conditions.
Most codes appear in full text.
Most codes are a combination of phrases, syllables, words, or whole sentences.
Most codes are a combination phrases, syllables, words, or whole sentences.
Most codes are concerned with time of travel to an exit.
Most codes are in public domain and can be retrieved via anonymous ftp.
Most codes are the same as before, but some have changed.
Most codes do both.
Most codes lack the independent monitoring requirements viewed as essential by many code analysts.
Most codes now require an appliance valve within six feet of each appliance.
Most codes prohibit centralized air return.
Most codes require a shut off valve and a flex line to be used on all new installations.
Most Codes suffer from a lack of underlying coherency, or are just rhetorical.
Most codes uses null-space methods.
Some code defines problems.
Some code describes diagnoses.
Some code describes medical procedures.
Some code describes procedures.
Some code goes here.
Some code is already available, but it needs someone to finish the job.
Some code is also in out-dated computer languages.
Some code is available from net.
Some code is included in some functions just to provide a little clarification of use.
Some code is slightly slower because multiple branches are executed in place of one.
Some code is written totally incomprehensible.
Some code makes use of general purpose class libraries for maps, sets, lists, and others.
Some code protects individuals.
Some code provides examples.
Some code requires citizens.
Some codes actually run slower, even in wallclock time, on more processors.
Some codes appear on more than one list.
Some codes are also portable to shared memory systems and clusters of SMPs.
Some codes are available on-line in their entirety.
Some codes are common to multiple systems.
Some codes are daily, some hourly, and others fifteen minutes.
Some codes ARE different for different browsers.
Some codes are key word searchable, some are in .zip files, and some are in text files.
Some codes are more widespread and accessible than others.
Some codes are stricter than others.
Some codes come and go within an hour.
Some codes compute just a portion of the eigensystem.
Some codes contain as many as eight digits.
Some codes count the glass area, while others measure the area with the window open.
Some codes have a letter at the end.
Some codes require a battery backup for smoke detectors.
Some codes require a flow meter be installed in the system.
Some codes require a platform-even for electric heaters.
Some codes require installation by a qualified electrician.
Some codes require specific types of detectors.
Some codes require the first few feet to be in a special material.
Some codes seem almost unbreakable.
Coded animation sequences for attract mode and game selection menus.
Coded cards make it easy to construct hands.
Coded data provides information that is used to profile statistics and trends.
Coded frequencies defeat threat electronic counter-measures directed against the system.
Coded harmonics reduces reverberation echoes from breast cysts.
Coded information includes current stage in feet and forecast summary.
Coded material is displayed for reflection, revision of coding and coding-on to new categories.
Coded squelch blocks out unwanted channel interference.
Coded switches are rotary actuated with octal, decimal, and hexadecimal outputs.
Coded text is called ciphertext .
Coded tones assist user through device operation and alert operator of display messages.
Coded units are especially useful in the analysis of screening experiments.
Coded units are good for seeing the relative size of factor effects.
Codeine preparations require a prescription in India.
A codeine is an antitussive
A codeine is opiate
Codeine affects muscle contractions and has unwanted effects.
Codeine also can be addictive.
Codeine calms a cough.
Codeine calms the cough control center.
Codeine can be addictive if taken in large doses or over the recommended dose.
Codeine can cause constipation, inhibition of mucocillary clearance and dependence.
Codeine can hide signs of severe abdominal problems.
Codeine can hide symptoms of serious abdominal conditions.
Codeine crosses the blood-brain barrier, and is found in fetal tissue and breast milk.
Codeine is a bigging for doing that.
Codeine is a centrally acting agent which elevates the threshold for cough.
Codeine is a centrally acting antitussive agent.
Codeine is a narcotic and guaifenesin is thought to increase the fluidity of secretions.
Codeine is a narcotic.
Codeine is a pain reliever.
Codeine is a white crystal powder or tablet that can be added to liquids.
Codeine is a widely used narcotic analgesic and antitussive.
Codeine is able to produce physiological drug dependence similar to morphine dependence.
Codeine is an effective cough suppressant and is found in a number of liquid preparations.
Codeine is an opiate analgesic and antitussive.
Codeine is an opiate analgesic.
Codeine is an opiate used to treat pain , as a cough medicine , and for diarrhea .
Codeine is an opium alkaloid, with activity similar to, but weaker than morphine.
Codeine is an opium derivative related to heroin.
Codeine is available over the counter in South Africa.
Codeine is effective when given by suppository.
Codeine is habit-forming and potentially abusable.
Codeine is in a class of drugs called narcotic analgesics.
Codeine is our P-drug for dry cough.
Codeine is the opioid most commonly used.
Codeine is the preparation most commonly used in prescription cough suppressants.
Codeine is two-thirds as effective PO as parenterally.
Codeine phosphate occurs as fine, white, needle-shaped crystals, or white, crystalline powder.
Codeine remains the most widely abused other opiate.
Codeine represents the bulk of the licit opiate consumption.
Codeine vas given, to stop the coughing.
Codeines are analgesic.
Codeines are drugs.
Codeines are morphine.
Codeines are opiate.
Codeine often causes nausea, dizziness, and constipation.
Most codeine is converted from morphine rather than directly derived from opium.
Most codeine is prepared by methylation of morphine.
Most codeine used in the U.S. is produced from morphine.
Most codeine used in the United States is produced from morphine.
Most codependent individuals are unaware that they are doing so.
A coder is a computer user
A coder is an engineer
Coder accurately completes registry forms when applicable.
Coder accurately enters coding and abstracted data into computer system.
Coder sleeps in the van.
Coders are also individuals and can develop bad habits.
Coders are human and make mistakes.
Coders are mathematicians, designers are artists.
Coders are notoriously bad testers.
Coders are really kabbalists.
Coders are responsible for ultimately supporting their code base.
Coders are translators of physician documentation.
Coders are willing to help physicians document and get reimbursed appropriately.
Coders are, unfortunately, perhaps the most difficult people to find.
Coders assign codes to each diagnosis and procedure.
Coders can code from online reports, which expedites the billing process.
Coders can now simply hit a hotkey from their clinical abstracting screen to enter the encoder.
Coders can sign up to do whichever components they wish.
Coders get free junk food and cola.
Coders have more control.
Coders pop it in the microwave oven.
Coders provide a formatted way of writing to Streams.
Coders seem resistant to the fact that there is a long history to graphic design and to marketing.
Coders work in hospitals, clinics, government agencies, insurance companies, and medical offices.
All coders use the same basic structure.
Any coder can make a game impossible to drive.
Many coders find themselves with more questions than answers on the subject.
Many coders incorrectly assume that hypertensive crisis is accelerated hypertension.
Many coders take shitloads of info and source code from books written on the subject.
Some coders are attached to lowercase, others to indentation, and others to clean straight edges.
A codetalker is an operative
Codetalker is a local Calgary company.
Codevelopment agreements are also available for foreign corporations.
A codex is a list
Codices vossiani graeci et miscellanei.
Codfish isa seafood.
A codger is an old man
Some codgers think the skill levels are down, but that s beyond ridiculous.
A codicil is an appendix
Codicils owe their origin to the following circumstances.
Codie awards are among the most sought-after achievement in the industry today.
A codification is organisation
Codification appears in graphic systems everywhere in Africa.
Codification centres on the computer.
Codification is the orderly arrangement of laws into understandable, compact volumes.
Codification is the process by which the regulations are arranged by subject matter.
Codification is the responsibility of the legislative body.
Codified law is strained, complicated, and often ineffective.
Most coding errors are unintentional.
A codon is a sequence
Codon isa sequence.
Codons are bells.
Codons are continuous because one codon follows right after another.
Codons are in uppercase letters, anticodons of corresponding tRNAs in lowercase letters.
Codons are only significant at the level of transcription.
Codons are sequences.
Codons are sets of three adjacent nucleotides which code for an amino acid.
All codons are of equal length.
All codons specify an amino acid.
All codons specify more than one amino acid.
Coeducation fails to provide equitable treatment for girls.
Coeducation is a word for which the transition is pretty much complete.
Coeducation is education
Coeducation is education.
Coeducation is the general pattern for education in America.
Coeducation is unimaginable.
Coeducational activities are dependent on the age group.
Coeducational competition is offered as are separate activities for men and women.
Coeducational housing is available in all halls.
Coefficient alpha is another method to establish internal consistency.
Coefficient alpha is rechecked after weak items are removed.
Coefficient of friction is a coefficient
Coefficient of friction is used as a measure of slipperiness.
Coefficient of variation is the ratio of standard deviation to the mean.
A coefficient is a constant
Coefficients are constants.
Coefficients are estimated with more and better data.
Coefficients are gamma .
Coefficients are linear and unbiased and con-sistent.
Coefficients are positive numbers with up to two decimal places.
Coefficients are the large numbers in front of chemical formulas in a chemical equation.
Coefficients are the numbers in front of the formulas.
Coefficients are the numbers in front of the variables.
Coefficients having p values less than alpha are significant.
Coefficients indicate the number of molecules.
Coefficients represent the number of molecules of the substance in the reaction.
Coefficients tell the volumes of reacting gases.
Coefficients track the proportions of species present during the course of a reaction.
Coefficients vary across all variables depending on the poll date.
All coefficients are highly significant.
All coefficients are uncorrelated if the design is orthogonal.
All coefficients used are for adults.
Most coefficients are slightly different from the original.
Coelacanth eyes are very sensitive, and have a tapetum lucidum .
Coelacanth eyes are very sensitive, and have a tapetum lucidum.
Coelacanth fish have features.
Coelacanth fish have several features.
Most coelacanth fish have features.
Most coelacanth fish have several features.
Coelacanth scales are thick, and lined with serrated rows of hardened toothpick-pointed denticles.
A coelacanth is a bony fish
Coelacanth isa fish.
Coelacanths are as much affected by evolution as finches, ferns and flying lemurs.
Coelacanths are close to the ancestor of four-legs animals.
Coelacanths are difficult to classify.
Coelacanths are lobe-finned fish, with rounded heads and eight fins.
Coelacanths are nocturnal.
Coelacanths are oportunistic feeders, scarfing up prey probably on or near the bottom.
Coelacanths are quite different from all other living fishes.
Coelacanths are unchanging forms that show no evidence of evolution.
Coelacanths comprise one of the two groups of lobe-finned fish.
Coelacanths display dark, mottled scales and their lifespan is unknown.
Coelacanths feed on smaller fish.
Coelacanths give birth to live young.
Coelacanths have (part) brains.
Coelacanths have (part) breasts.
Coelacanths have (part) cell membranes.
Coelacanths have (part) chest cavities.
Coelacanths have (part) chests.
Coelacanths have (part) corpi.
Coelacanths have (part) cytoplasm.
Coelacanths have (part) ears.
Coelacanths have (part) faces.
Coelacanths have (part) fish scales.
Coelacanths have (part) fishbones.
Coelacanths have (part) flippers.
Coelacanths have (part) heads.
Coelacanths have (part) nuclei.
Coelacanths have (part) pedal extremities.
Coelacanths have (part) plasma membranes.
Coelacanths have (part) rib cages.
Coelacanths have (part) sections.
Coelacanths have (part) skulls.
Coelacanths have (part) sperm.
Coelacanths have (part) sterna.
Coelacanths have (part) tail fins.
Coelacanths have (part) vacuoles.
Coelacanths have (part) vertebrate feet.
Coelacanths have (part) yolks.
Coelacanths have a delicate metabolism.
Coelacanths have a rostral organ in their snouts that is part of an electrosensory system.
Coelacanths have a unique form of locomotion.
Coelacanths have an electric sense.
Coelacanths have fins.
Coelacanths have fleshy lobes on their fins, which are absent on most present day fish.
Coelacanths have organs.
Coelacanths have thick bony scales like extinct fish species.
Coelacanths live in deep oceans.
Coelacanths live in deep water.
Coelacanths live in shallow water.
Coelacanths live in water.
Coelacanths possess organs.
Coelacanths reach adulthood.
Coelacanths resemble the proposed ancestors of amphibians.
Most coelacanths have fins.
Most coelacanths have organs.
Most coelacanths live in deep water.
Most coelacanths live in shallow water.
Most coelacanths live in water.
Most coelacanths reach adulthood.
Some coelacanths have ability.
Some coelacanths have air.
Some coelacanths have basic patterns.
Some coelacanths have craniums.
Some coelacanths have evidence.
Some coelacanths have growth.
Some coelacanths have lobes.
Some coelacanths have many similarity.
Some coelacanths have patterns.
Some coelacanths have similarity.
Some coelacanths have slow growth.
Some coelacanths have teeth.
Some coelacanths inhabit shallow water.
A coelenterate is an invertebrate
Coelenterates are also very primitive.
Coelenterates are invertebrates.
Coelenterates exhibit radial symmetry.
Coelenterates incorporate many of the prototypical design elements found in higher animals.
All coelenterates reproduce sexually.
Many coelenterates are polytrophic feeders, able to derive nutrition in more than one way.
Some coelenterates are jellyfish, corals, and sea anemones.
Coelenteron isa body part.
Coelenterons have (part) corpi.
Some coelenterons are part of anemones.
Some coelenterons are part of cnidarians.
Some coelenterons are part of hydras.
Some coelenterons are part of jellyfish.
Some coelenterons are part of medusas.
Some coelenterons are part of planulas.
Coeliac disease can also present with non-gastrointestinal problems.
Coeliac patients are also subject to mood disorders such as extreme depression and anxiety.
Coeliac patients are classically very thin and have a protruding relaxed abdomen.
A coelom is a structure
Coelom is a fluid filled cavity between the outer body wall and the guy.
Coelom isa body part.
Coeloms also seem to have arisen separately in various groups.
Coeloms are cavities delimited by a mesoderm.
Coeloms have (part) corpi.
Coelomic fluid containing hemoglobin is circulated by peristalic body movements.
Coelomic fluid serves as a hydrostatic skeleton.
A coenzyme is a molecule
Coenzyme isa molecule.
Coenzymes are chemical compounds.
Coenzymes are chemicals synthesized by organisms from dietary vitamins .
Coenzymes are coenzymes.
Coenzymes are minerals, vitamins and proteins.
Coenzymes are molecules which facilitate enzymatic reactions.
Coenzymes are molecules.
Coenzymes are nonprotein organic molecules bound to enzymes near the active site.
Coenzymes are often vitamin derivatives.
Coenzymes are organic molecules that are derived from water-soluable vitamins.
Coenzymes are small organic molecules that can be loosely or tightly bound to an enzyme.
Coenzymes are smaller than proteins and so can survive digestion and pass into the system.
Coenzymes are smaller than proteins, and so can survive digestion and pass into the system.
Coenzymes have (part) atoms.
Coenzymes have (part) chemical chain.
Coenzymes have (part) chemical groups.
Many coenzymes consist of vitamins, especially B vitamins.
Most coenzymes are mildly catalytic on their own, however the specificity of the catalysis is lost.
Coerced decisions are highly constrained, voluntary decisions much less so.
Coerced evil is still evil .
Coerced participation is contrary to the principle of informed consent.
Coerced religion is demeaning and of little value.
Coerced resignation is equivalent to dismissal of employee.
Coerced sex increases the risk of microlesions.
Coerced worship is an oxymoron, a contradiction in terms.
Coercion also occurs at method invocation.
Coercion begets coercion, restraint begets restraint.
Coercion can be the clinician's best friend.
Coercion can take the form of wanton rape.
Coercion creates feelings of fear, anger, and resentment toward mental health services.
Coercion creates learned helplessness .
Coercion defeats the concept of voluntary giving.
Coercion destroys self-respect and initiative and removes the potential for growth.
Coercion does harm democracy.
Coercion emphasizes threats or deprivations.
Coercion generally has the opposite effect.
Coercion has more to do with obedience and social control than with compliance and medicine.
Coercion impedes prosperity, security and happiness.
Coercion implies one's forcing one's beliefs onto others.
Coercion includes theft, violence, threats, fraud, pollution and breach Of contract.
Coercion involves pain, and involves the discounting of feeling.
Coercion involves the use of force by government to gain compliance with policies.
Coercion is a common theme among radical feminists to justify their pro-censorship arguments.
Coercion is a form of interventionism.
Coercion is a kind of encouragement.
Coercion is a ramming-into procedure.
Coercion is a repressive tool of tyrants.
Coercion is achieved by the application of extra-contractual pressure.
Coercion is an inherently weak form of control.
Coercion is appropriate sometimes necessary for government.
Coercion is basically the implicit conversion of data from one data type to another.
Coercion is defined as an overt threat of harm to obtain compliance.
Coercion is done as needed.
Coercion is enforcement
Coercion is enforcement.
Coercion is forbidden.
Coercion is forces.
Coercion is government's lone unique quality.
Coercion is harmful.
Coercion is immoral, inefficient and unnecessary for human life and fulfillment.
Coercion is incompatible with true happiness.
Coercion is inhuman.
Coercion is no longer necessary.
Coercion is nothing more than tyranny.
Coercion is OK when it ends with abortion.
Coercion is one of many ways of stepping on others' boundaries.
Coercion is out of harmony, even contradictory to the spirit of the gospel.
Coercion is semantic.
Coercion is the essence of slavery.
Coercion is the initiation of physical force or fraud.
Coercion is the manipulation of another individual which results in a sexual experience.
Coercion is the negation of individual freedom, self-ownership, and individual sovereignty.
Coercion is the process whereby a value of one class is converted to a value of a different class.
Coercion is the proper mechanism to handle the reverse operations.
Coercion is the purest form of communication.
Coercion is the second base of influence.
Coercion is to human relationships what salt and water are to automobiles.
Coercion is ubiquitous.
Coercion is unlikely to.
Coercion is wrong.
Coercion is, above all, a form of violence.
Coercion leads to a repression of freedom and responsibility, and finally to death.
Coercion never breeds commitment, only resentment.
Coercion obviates cumbersome explicit type casts or unnecessary compiler type errors.
Coercion prevents the use of individual reason and judgement, and is therefore bad.
Coercion takes forms ranging from criminal justice sanctions to family interventions.
Coercion takes on very different forms.
Coercion takes various forms.
Coercion frequently results in violence and abuse to people who are receiving services.
All coercion is pressure, which produces in turn coercion and counter-pressure.
Some coercion is overt.
Coercive association creates fear and distrust, and victimizes some at the expense of others.
Coercive control is, and has always been, characteristic of society in general.
Coercive diplomacy is diplomacy by threat.
Coercive diplomacy is immoral.
Coercive diplomacy requires a credible threat of force.
Coercive directive approaches don t work.
Coercive force is controlled by a few persons and people.
Coercive harmony is a real phenomenon.
Coercive leaders demand immediate compliance.
Coercive measures are a problem especially in institutions and in large units.
Coercive persuasion has seven main types of tactics.
Coercive persuasion is also antiethical to sincerity and good faith.
Coercive persuasion is antithetical to the First Amendment.
Coercive power is an assault on another using deceit and intimidation as weapons of choice.
Coercive power is based primarily on fear.
Coercive power is the power to punish or control using negative consequences.
Coercive power is the threat of sanctions.
Coeus security allows for both centralized and distributed approaches.
Coevolutional constraints can then effect paradigm crisis on other elements.
Any coevolved organism seems to be self-created, making causality onerous to pin down.
A coexistence is existence
Coexistence also exists in Spain and Southern Sweden.
Coexistence is a baseline for human interaction, a starting point, a practical way forward.
Coexistence is a high priority to successfully deploy both technologies in the marketplace.
Coexistence is fine, but cooperation for mutual benefit is better.
Coexistence is possible, but alliance is out of the question.
Coexistence is the element which sustains peace.
Coexistence is the key for the growth of the entire cosmos.
Coexistence occurs if species evolve away from competition.
Coexistence occurs only if intraspecific competition stronger than interspecific.
Coexistence requires continual action on both sides.
Coexistences are being.
Coexistence often depends on each population establishing a different niche.
A cofactor is a compound
Cofactors act as protein catalysts.
Cofactors are any non protein molecules that give an enzyme functionality.
Cofactors are compounds.
Cofactors are divides into two categories, one being coenzymes.
Cofactors are generally stable to heat whereas most enzyme proteins lose activity on heating.
Cofactors are molecules.
Cofactors are nonproteins essential for enzyme activity.
Some cofactors are small organic molecules called coenzymes .
A coffee bar is a restaurant
Coffee bar serves breakfast and light meals.
Coffee bars are a common sight in urban centers and suburban shopping malls.
Coffee bars invite shoppers to stop and relax before, after or during their shopping trip.
A coffee bean is a seed
Coffee beans are actually the seeds of the coffee tree.
Coffee beans are green when picked.
Coffee beans are like sponges.
Coffee beans are located in grocery stores.
Coffee beans are part of coffee.
Coffee beans are really seeds from berries that grow on shade-loving understory bushes.
Coffee beans are seeds.
Coffee beans can make a spectacular sight.
Coffee beans come from the fruit of a coffee plant called a cherry.
Coffee beans get around.
Coffee beans grow in blue mountain regions.
Coffee beans grow in regions.
Coffee beans grow on trees.
Coffee beans taste differently depending upon where they are grown.
Most coffee beans grow in blue mountain regions.
Most coffee beans grow in regions.
Some coffee beans are excreted by civets.
Some coffee beans are excreted by indonesian civets.
Some coffee beans are excreted by indonesian palm civets.
Some coffee beans are excreted by palm civets.
Some coffee beans pass through digestive tracts.
Some coffee beans pass through tracts.
Coffee berries are eaten by a civet for their fruit pulp.
Coffee berries change to hot coffee, white beans to sugar, and bran to hot milk.
A coffee break is a snack
Coffee break is included.
Coffee breaks are bites.
Coffee breaks require no reservation and are free of charge.
Coffee breaks take place at meeting locations.
Coffee bushes grow directly under the sun.
A coffee cake is a cake
Coffee cake is done when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
Coffee cakes are at there best when served warm from the oven but they can be frozen.
Coffee cakes are cakes.
Coffee cakes are food.
A coffee can is a can
Coffee cans are a great way to transport a smaller amount of paint.
Coffee cans are cans.
Coffee cans make great canisters.
Coffee cans make great coin banks.
Coffee cans wrapped in foil wrapping paper are great containers to use on the floor or long tables.
Coffee cherries are fruits, and fruits all have some similarities.
Coffee County enjoys a rich history.
Coffee County has an engaging past.
Coffee County has some interesting places to visit.
Coffee County is located in the southeastern area of Alabama.
A coffee cup is a cup
Coffee cups fill with hot liquids.
Coffee cups fill with liquids.
Coffee cups line the rows of desks in class.
Most coffee cups fill with hot liquids.
Most coffee cups fill with liquids.
Coffee drinks are a specialty.
Coffee drinks are available at all hours.
Coffee drinks are quick profits.
All coffee drinks are available decaffeinated upon request.
All coffee drinks are available decaffeinated.
Most coffee drinks have only a shot of espresso, and the rest of the beverage is steamed milk.
Coffee enemas help detoxify the liver.
Coffee farmers produce coffee crops.
Coffee farmers produce crops.
A coffee filter is a filter
Coffee filters appear to trap cholesterol-raising compounds.
Coffee filters are filters.
Coffee filters are too fine, but cheesecloth, panty hose, or 'permanent coffee filters' work well.
Coffee filters Buy a reusable metal or cloth coffee filter instead of using paper filters.
Coffee filters work well, but lab filters work the best.
Coffee grinds are located in trash.
A coffee grinder is machinery
Coffee grinders work well for small amounts of corn.
Coffee ground is ground.
Coffee ground is located in trash.
Coffee grounds are also a great addition to the compost pile.
Coffee grounds are great in compost.
Coffee grounds are rich in nutrients and beneficial for any backyard compost effort.
Coffee grounds are very unpleasant to slugs.
Coffee grounds can overextract and get a bitter taste.
Coffee grounds contain nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium and trace elements.
Coffee grounds contain some nitrogen.
Coffee grounds provide pumice like exfoliation, removing dead skin cells, firming and toning skin.
Coffee house are a mind expanding experience.
Coffee house is great and open late.
Coffee house is simply a talent show.
Coffee house serves soups, sandwiches, salads and lasagna.
Coffee houses are great places to relax with friends and enjoy a cup of gourmet brew.
Coffee houses are more than just refreshment stops.
Coffee houses are places where men meet to talk politics, business, or to gossip.
Coffee houses are popular.
Coffee houses draw neighbors and shoppers who linger over aromatic brews.
Coffee houses spread quickly across Europe becoming centers for intellectual exchange.
Some coffee houses allow artists to stage works.
A coffee liqueur is cordial
Coffee liqueurs add sweet coffee flavor with a zing.
A coffee maker is a kitchen appliance
Coffee makers are available to guests by request.
A coffee mug is a mug
Coffee mugs are the ideal size and depth for dyeing eggs.
Coffee plant is grown in medium light, or filtered or indirect sunlight.
Coffee plants grow best in shaded environments.
Coffee plants grow on terraces cut into the hills.
Coffee plants grow under tropical forest canopy.
Coffee plants have low yield.
Coffee plantations are in abundance.
Coffee plantations occupy much of the lowland and thick forests.
Coffee pot is empty.
Coffee pot stays clean.
Coffee pots are available upon request.
Coffee pots are located in internet cafes.
Coffee pots are located in kitchens.
Coffee pots are located in offices.
Coffee processing is the main industry.
Coffee production is integrated to environment preservation and with the employees' quality of life.
Coffee production is spread throughout all of Uganda.
Coffee production is the second largest cause of rainforest destruction.
Coffee production is yet another reason for clearing forest.
Coffee Republic is an example of one such client.
Coffee roasters use East Timor's beans to smooth the acidic sharpness of their blends.
Most coffee roasters have their own special blend of beans.
Coffee roasting is a simultaneous process of creation and destruction.
Coffee roasting is a simultaneous process of destruction and creation.
Coffee roasting is an art.
Coffee roasting is the most important process for flavor development.
Coffee rock is often soft enough to crumble easily, but in other places can be surprisingly hard.
A coffee shop is a restaurant
Coffee shop features a fine selection if international dishes appealing to all tastes.
Coffee shop features a fine selection if international dishes appealing to all tates.
Coffee shop is now on the honor system to support the cause.
Coffee shop is to left of main entry.
Coffee shop serves breakfast and dinner.
Coffee shop serves refreshments and lunches.
Coffee shops abound.
Coffee shops add chocolate syrup and other flavored syrups  to coffee drinks.
Coffee shops add chocolate syrup and other flavored syrups to coffee drinks .
Coffee shops are also capable of entertainment.
Coffee shops are also very common.
Coffee shops are available in the vicinity.
Coffee shops are great places to study and hang out with friends in a comfy atmosphere.
Coffee shops are nice safe places to think.
Coffee shops have windows.
Coffee shops offer no or few possibilities for purchasing illicit drugs other than cannabis.
Coffee shops open up to the sidewalk here.
Coffee shops open well before dawn to serve hunters.
Coffee shops replace redwoods and couture replaces granite.
Coffee shops serve customers.
Many coffee shops have art on display.
Most coffee shops serve customers.
Coffee stains are easier to remove.
A coffee table is a table
Coffee tables are never antique, as they are a development of our modern lifestyle.
Coffee tables have generous drawers.
Coffee time follows each service.
A coffee tree is a tree
Coffee trees reach maturity between three and four years when their clusters of fruit turn deep red.
Coffee waste is inoculated with shiitake mushroom spores.
Coffee accompanies breakfasts.
Coffee accounts for over half of Colombia's legal export earnings.
Coffee accounts for roughly one-third of the country's exports.
Coffee acts as a diuretic.
Coffee acts as a vasoconstrictor, reducing the swelling of blood vesselsthat causes headache.
Coffee acts on the body like adrenaline.
Coffee acts to relieve asthma by relaxing bronchial muscles.
CofFEE advocates a return to full employment.
Coffee allows people to sit relax, talk, and socialize without becoming intoxicated.
Coffee also acts as a diuretic.
Coffee also decreases lower esophageal sphincter pressure, possibly contributing to heartburn.
Coffee also flows non-stop throughout the day and night, which is another plus.
Coffee also has a smattering of nine minerals, two vitamins and carbohydrates.
Coffee also is a laxative.
Coffee also plays an important role in the condition of Central America's environment.
Coffee appears to contain disease-fighting antioxidants.
CoFFee are all different passwords.
Coffee arrives in a khaki cup.
Coffee arrives in the national consciousness like a post-war automobile, desirable shining.
Coffee arrives, milk in a plastic cup - the jug is broken.
Coffee beakers Plastic coffee beakers form a veritable torrent of refuse.
Coffee becomes stale quickly once it is ground.
Coffee begins as a raw natural product.
Coffee begins to age the moment it hits the roaster's cooling tray.
Coffee begins to loose flavor and aroma within one hour after being ground.
Coffee begins to stale right after roasting and it really becomes noticeable after two weeks.
Coffee break a.m.
Coffee break in a charming salon.
Coffee break in a nice salon.
Coffee breaks on request.
Coffee brings people together.
Coffee can absorb odors.
Coffee can also help relieve constipation.
Coffee can be a new age drink for the young Chinese people.
Coffee can be allergenic and makes some people obviously sick.
Coffee can be more then a drink, it can be foundation for cakes and even flavoring for food dishes.
Coffee can be the key ingredient in Tiramisu to perk up a conversation, a relationship, a routine.
Coffee can be very expensive.
Coffee Can Car Contest with instructions and ideas for making the car.
Coffee can induce very high blood sugar levels.
Coffee can make up about three-quarters of some countries' exports earnings.
Coffee can only do so much for a person.
Coffee can provide relief for a headache when taken with aspirin.
Coffee can sober up someone who has had too much to drink.
Coffee can spill.
Coffee can upset some people's stomachs.
Coffee can with waterproof matches to make a fire.
Coffee can, stop watch, meter stick-one each per group of five members.
Coffee causes cancer.
Coffee causes insomnias.
Coffee causes the body to excrete calcium and other minerals.
Coffee combine to offer an exciting 'tri-branded' store.
Coffee comes fast and frequent, and problems are handled efficiently and courteously.
Coffee comes from a tree .
Coffee comes from a tree.
Coffee comes from beans.
Coffee comes from grind beans.
Coffee comes from the Arabic word qahwah.
Coffee comes from the roasted and ground-up beans of coffee plants.
Coffee comes in a close third.
Coffee comes in a little stainless-steel Thermos, which is a nice touch.
Coffee comes in numerous styles, but Arabian coffee and Turkish coffee are the most popular.
Coffee comes in on a tray in tiny Japanese cups served black with sugar.
Coffee comes in small, individual pots.
Coffee comes with endless refills.
Coffee compliments it well.
Coffee compliments the flavor of chocolate.
Coffee constricts blood vessels and drastically reduces blood flow to the brain.
Coffee contains a chemical called caffeine , a mild drug that keeps people awake .
Coffee contains a chemical called caffeine, a mild drug that keeps people awake.
Coffee contains a high amount of caffeine which can be habit-forming.
Coffee contains caffeine that if taken in moderation does a lot of good to humans.
Coffee contains caffeine, a drug that occurs naturally in many plants, such as the coffee bean.
Coffee contains caffeine, a mild, central nervous system stimulant.
Coffee contains caffeine, a substance that interferes with sleep.
Coffee contains caffeine, an alkaloid.
Coffee contains caffeine, as do many teas, chocolate and cola drinks.
Coffee contains caffeine, the most subtly perfect of the commono psychoactive chemicals.
Coffee contains caffeine.
Coffee contains many acids which can aggravate heartburn symptoms.
Coffee contains minerals and antioxidants which help prevent diabetes.
Coffee contains substances.
Coffee contains that famous stimulant, caffeine.
Coffee contains the drug caffeine .
Coffee contains the drug caffeine.
Coffee continues to be the country's second largest cash crop.
Coffee continues to be the main draw.
Coffee costs a lot to store in warehouses.
Coffee decreases absorption.
Coffee decreases iron absorption.
Coffee decreases potassium absorption and intensifies gastrointestinal symptoms.
Coffee deteriorates as it ages.
Coffee deteriorates rapidly after being ground.
Coffee does the trick.
Coffee enemas every three to four hours.
Coffee enemas to assist the liver detoxification.
Coffee Find out about other alcohol-containing beverages.
Coffee flows like rainwater.
Coffee follows and is thick and strong in large cups with tinned condensed milk.
Coffee gets spilt.
Coffee gives pancreatic cancer.
Coffee gives store-boughtspaghetti sauce brown coloring and a less acidic flavor.
Coffee goes down easier.
Coffee grinds and coffee filters.
Coffee grinds or tea bags.
Coffee grinds Please continue to use the blue bins.
Coffee grinds, banana peels . . .
Coffee grown in Colombia is reputedly better than, say, coffee grown in Idaho.
Coffee grows on sides of mountains which makes for natural partial lighting conditions.
Coffee grows only in the sun-blessed countries that grid the earth's middle.
Coffee has a half-life of four to six hours.
Coffee has a mild laxative effect by working on the movement of the intestine.
Coffee has a very short shelf life.
Coffee has beans.
Coffee has caffeine.
Coffee has effects.
Coffee has many positive effects.
Coffee has more caffeine than tea, ounce per ounce.
Coffee has natural oils which can be seen occasionally on top of the coffee.
Coffee has similar effects.
Coffee has the most caffeine, tea somewhat less, and the cola beverages least of all.
Coffee has the most caffeine.
Coffee helps memory.
Coffee helps metabolism.
Coffee helps sober up someone who has had too much to drink.
Coffee helps some, especially elderly people, regulate blood pressure.
Coffee here is great.
Coffee improves circulation in the brain by dilating the vessels in the brain.
Coffee improves endurance.
Coffee improves performance in sports .
Coffee improves safe driving by reducing reaction times.
Coffee improves the ability to do math.
Coffee initially constricts the blood vessels, reducing the pain.
Coffee interferes with the absorption of iron .
Coffee is a beverage made from roasted, ground beans of the coffee tree.
Coffee is a big deal in Lebanon.
Coffee is a buck extra, but it's a bottomless cup and better than instant.
Coffee is a comfort food.
Coffee is a common cause of pain, stiffness, fatigue and other symptoms.
Coffee is a complex combination of flavors, taste and aromas.
Coffee is a daily habit.
Coffee is a dialogic form.
Coffee is a different story.
Coffee is a drink
Coffee is a drug also.
Coffee is a fleeting moment and a fragrance.
Coffee is a good thing.
Coffee is a great drug.
Coffee is a growing agricultural product.
Coffee is a hot beverage brewed from a certain kind of bean that grows on a certain kind of plant.
Coffee is a known phytoestrogen that exacerbates fibrocystic breast disease.
Coffee is a labor of love, with the emphasis on labor.
Coffee is a laxative.
Coffee is a major cash crop for much of South and Central America.
Coffee is a major export.
Coffee is a miracle drink for college students.
Coffee is a national institution, while beer, wine and spirits are available, though expensive.
Coffee is a natural diuretic.
Coffee is a necessity.
Coffee is a nickel a cup.
Coffee is a no, milky drinks can help.
Coffee is a perishable product.
Coffee is a pleasurable experience.
Coffee is a popular drink.
Coffee is a principal export.
Coffee is a private experience that can only be properly appreciated in a public place.
Coffee is a prize, sugar a dream and gas a trickle.
Coffee is a product that is very susceptible to aroma contamination.
Coffee is a quality product.
Coffee is a quarter.
Coffee is a really good example.
Coffee is a science and an art.
Coffee is a seasonal commodity.
Coffee is a shade-loving shrub that thrives under a canopy of diverse trees.
Coffee is a source of cadmium, a toxic heavy metal related to heart disease.
Coffee is a standard item given with every order.
Coffee is a strong stimulant that can be addictive and can irritate many of our internal systems.
Coffee is a subjective matter, like wine, and individual tastes rule.
Coffee is a transparent liquid.
Coffee is a volatile crop, one that changes from season to season, from estate to estate.
Coffee is a world commodity that is second only to oil.
Coffee is about as good as a cold shower or a long walk.
Coffee is absorbed by the body very quickly, reaching peak levels within an hour.
Coffee is actually a fruit.
Coffee is actually very high in antioxidants as well.
Coffee is addictive substances.
Coffee is all a matter of taste preference.
Coffee is almost always available.
Coffee is already currently the second largest traded commodity in the world, just after oil.
Coffee is also a crop with high pesticide residues.
Coffee is also a crop with pesticide residues.
Coffee is also a well consumed hot drink.
Coffee is also available.
Coffee is also out.
Coffee is also pitta aggravating due to the acid in coffee.
Coffee is also popular during long hours of recording.
Coffee is also the most heavily sprayed of all agricultural commodities.
Coffee is also very popular with the younger generation.
Coffee is also wonderful for flavoring custards and other creamy desserts.
Coffee is always available.
Coffee is always complimentary.
Coffee is always free.
Coffee is always fresh and hot and lemonade and tea are always available.
Coffee is always freshly brewed.
Coffee is always on.
Coffee is always ready early with muffins or scones fresh from the oven.
Coffee is always ready.
Coffee is among the ten most valuable trade commodities in the world.
Coffee is an acquired taste.
Coffee is an addicting beverage.
Coffee is an addiction.
Coffee is an elixir, the one drug that is both utterly legal and utterly acceptable.
Coffee is an example.
Coffee is an excellent source of caffeine.
Coffee is an important cash crop as well as a favorite beverage.
Coffee is an important cash crop.
Coffee is an important part of the Western diet.
Coffee is an insidious creature.
Coffee is an intensively managed, 'hands on' crop in Zimbabwe.
Coffee is an irritant to the urinary tract and bladder.
Coffee is an orphan.
Coffee is an unregulated product, which can be sold or shipped anywhere in the world.
Coffee is another cash crop, although it is less commonly grown.
Coffee is another drink which is quite bad for one's health.
Coffee is another important cash crop.
Coffee is another popular beverage, but more popular in South India.
Coffee is another problem.
Coffee is another significant component of conference costs.
Coffee is another.
Coffee is as categorically unhealthy as smoking.
Coffee is available across the street from the office during a mid-morning break each day.
Coffee is available and accessible washrooms are nearby.
Coffee is available and technical support is close by.
Coffee is available at any time.
Coffee is available at the next counter when one's attention turns to the cookies and muffins.
Coffee is available before each lecture.
Coffee is available before the lecture.
Coffee is available continuously.
Coffee is available during the talk at the back of the hall-over there.
Coffee is available each week-day in the common room.
Coffee is available either on the premises or close by.
Coffee is available equally to all.
Coffee is available every morning near the front desk.
Coffee is available for a nominal charge.
Coffee is available for early risers.
Coffee is available for guests in the hospital main lobby.
Coffee is available for sale by weight-also special orders for varietals are welcome.
Coffee is available for the asking.
Coffee is available for the participants of the philosopher meetings.
Coffee is available free of charge in the waiting areas on second and third floors.
Coffee is available from a machine coffee in the lobby of the hotel.
Coffee is available in the cafeteria at the usual prices.
Coffee is available in the classroom.
Coffee is available in the dining room whenever desired.
Coffee is available in the jury lounge.
Coffee is available in the kitchen before each sunday service of worship.
Coffee is available in the kitchenette just off the recreation room, and cups are in the cabinet.
Coffee is available in the lounge on the second floor opposite the stairs.
Coffee is available on the units.
Coffee is available prior to breakfast.
Coffee is available to members and visitors at no cost.
Coffee is available to patrons.
Coffee is available with coffee sprinkles, raspberry cream, and white chocolate syrup.
Coffee is available, and is user supported.
Coffee is available, and participants are welcome to bring a sandwich.
Coffee is available.
Coffee is believed to have a negative effect on the level of calcium in bones.
Coffee is believed to have been discovered in Abyssinia, now Ethiopia.
Coffee is believed to have originated in Ethiopia.
Coffee is best as soon as the brewing is done.
Coffee is best if freshly roasted, freshly ground, and freshly made.
Coffee is beverages.
Coffee is big business.
Coffee is bitterness.
Coffee is bitters.
Coffee is black and creme is almost white.
Coffee is brewed and ready in the department lounge.
Coffee is brewed at the table in a two-tiered vacuum process, producing a very mellow brew.
Coffee is brewed fresh and is complimentary to the customers.
Coffee is brewed from the seeds of the coffee plant.
Coffee is brewed in French-press pots that are delivered to each table.
Coffee is brewed using coffee pots.
Coffee is bushy plants.
Coffee is called qahwa and is less commonly consumed.
Coffee is certainly on the way out.
Coffee is cheaper.
Coffee is classified by it's relative density - the denser the finer.
Coffee is coffee is coffee.
Coffee is coffee.
Coffee is coffee.
Coffee is complete.
Coffee is complimentary.
Coffee is composed of hundreds of chemical compounds.
Coffee is confined to the evening service.
Coffee is considered a bad habit to ants.
Coffee is consumed by a third of the world.
Coffee is cool now.
Coffee is creepy.
Coffee is cultivated on small plantations in the mountain highlands, and wet-processed.
Coffee is culture.
Coffee is dark and strong and the assembled servers know how to keep a cup full.
Coffee is decaffeinated, milk is organic soya and everyone goes to bed early.
Coffee is definitely addictive but, on the other hand, it's a pleasant, stimulating drink.
Coffee is definitely allergenic and makes some people obviously sick.
Coffee is delicious.
Coffee is designed.
Coffee is dispensed in small plastic, see through, thimble sized cups.
Coffee is done when the grounds sink.
Coffee is drank in the green house.
Coffee is drunk from a mug, tea is drunk from a nice pretty china cup, with a saucer.
Coffee is drunk in the green house.
Coffee is drunk very strong.
Coffee is drunk.
Coffee is enjoyed by children as well as adults.
Coffee is equally important to the developing world where it is produced.
Coffee is especially prevalent.
Coffee is essential to hospitality in Lebanon, as it is in all Middle Eastern countries.
Coffee is everywhere else, except Russia, where the role of coffee is played by vodka.
Coffee is excellent, and a few snacks - chips, cheese platter are there for the desperate.
Coffee is excellent.
Coffee is fast-acting and the effects can last three to six hours.
Coffee is fine, but sleep is finer.
Coffee is fine.
Coffee is for breakfast and alcoholics.
Coffee is free all night.
Coffee is free and so is the monthly newsletter.
Coffee is free every morning.
Coffee is free.
Coffee is fresh and Farm grown.
Coffee is fresh and strong.
Coffee is fresh ground daily from organic beans.
Coffee is freshest immediately after it is ground.
Coffee is fuel.
Coffee is furnished.
Coffee is generally available with meals and in caf s, although standards vary.
Coffee is good and juices are freshly squeezed.
Coffee is good but too strong for our tastes.
Coffee is good food.
Coffee is good for the digestion system and for headaches caused by wine and other liquors.
Coffee is good value and has an excellent flavour.
Coffee is good when it's cold too.
Coffee is good, and comes with a free homemade biscotti.
Coffee is good.
Coffee is graded by bean size and number of imperfections.
Coffee is great, and usually is frequently refilled.
Coffee is ground and brewed there and then.
Coffee is grown both as pure crop and as a mixed crop along with pepper.
Coffee is grown commercially in over forty-five countries throughout the world.
Coffee is grown in almost all parts of Ethiopia.
Coffee is grown north of town, harvested, and then roasted locally.
Coffee is grown on both large estates and in the smallest of forest clearings.
Coffee is grown on Maui and Molokai.
Coffee is grown on rolling hills, whose valleys are filled with ethereal wisps of clouds and vapor.
Coffee is grown on trees.
Coffee is harvested each fall with a multi-pass mechanical harvest system.
Coffee is hot beverages.
Coffee is important in many peoples' lives and is an important part of our world economy.
Coffee is important.
Coffee is included and breakfast is available, served in a homey dining room.
Coffee is included in the registration fee for the conference delegates.
Coffee is included.
Coffee is increasingly popular.
Coffee is indeed one of the simple pleasures of life, for people everywhere.
Coffee is inexpensive, company is good.
Coffee is it's own food group.
Coffee is just as essential as food and shelter.
Coffee is just simply delicious.
Coffee is legal, and it works better than crack.
Coffee is limited also.
Coffee is linked closely to socio-economic factors, above all to living standards.
Coffee is liquid solutions.
Coffee is liquids.
Coffee is located in airports.
Coffee is located in cans.
Coffee is located in coffee shops.
Coffee is located in conferences.
Coffee is located in containers.
Coffee is located in cups.
Coffee is located in grocery stores.
Coffee is located in internet cafes.
Coffee is located in meetings.
Coffee is located in mugs.
Coffee is located in offices.
Coffee is located in shelfs.
Coffee is located in subways.
Coffee is located in supermarkets.
Coffee is located in train stations.
Coffee is located in work.
Coffee is made available in the lunch room through an informal cooperative.
Coffee is made before the first service.
Coffee is made constantly, drunk constantly.
Coffee is made into a drink by putting the coffee into boiling water .
Coffee is made into a drink by putting the coffee into boiling water.
Coffee is made of aldehyde which gives off the aroma.
Coffee is made up of carbohydrates, caffeine, chlorogenic acids, proteins, and lipids.
Coffee is made very strong, except at breakfast.
Coffee is maintained at all times for the men down below.
Coffee is man's best friend.
Coffee is merely one aspect of the brand's equation.
Coffee is mixture.
Coffee is more complicated now, and so are the containers.
Coffee is more harmful than caffeinated soft drinks or tea.
Coffee is more than a beverage.
Coffee is much more effective and tasty.
Coffee is native to Ethiopia.
Coffee is naturally rich in oil.
Coffee is Nicaragua's principal export crop.
Coffee is nitrogen.
Coffee is no longer just a morning picker-upper, it's an obession for some.
Coffee is no small potatoes on the world commodity market.
Coffee is normally available from a self service trolley during the day.
Coffee is now everywhere inside.
Coffee is now the world s most popular beverage and a world commodity that is second only to oil.
Coffee is obtained from growers and then shipped by air to ensure freshness.
Coffee is offered for free.
Coffee is often a college student's best friend.
Coffee is ok, nothing special.
Coffee is OK, service varies from excellent to infuriating.
Coffee is ok.
Coffee is on - Drop in.
Coffee is on the honor system.
Coffee is on.
Coffee is one of Ethiopia's main exports.
Coffee is one of the country's main crops.
Coffee is one of the largest traded commodities in the world.
Coffee is one of the most appreciated perks in today's business world.
Coffee is one of the most heavily traded commodities in the world.
Coffee is one of the primary exports in Colombia.
Coffee is one of the world's largest agricultural commodities with a profound ecological impact.
Coffee is only good when it is done right.
Coffee is optional.
Coffee is originally a shade-loving plant from Ethiopia.
Coffee is our first fair trade licensed product.
Coffee is our main product for the commercialization.
Coffee is part of that culture.
Coffee is part of the daily routine for many.
Coffee is perishable, just like fresh fruit and vegetables.
Coffee is perishable.
Coffee is picked off the trees and then roasted at home.
Coffee is poison.
Coffee is poured as guests return from the buffet line.
Coffee is premium brewed to our specifications with a decaf that tastes like real coffee.
Coffee is prepared by harvesting the ripe fruit and then processing it.
Coffee is prepared the same way.
Coffee is prepared very strong.
Coffee is produced and exported by a large number of countries.
Coffee is produced by large plantations as well as smallholders.
Coffee is produced from the seed of a small berry.
Coffee is provided and someone usually brings refreshments.
Coffee is provided and usually kept in the refrigerator.
Coffee is provided by the church and is kept in the kitchen.
Coffee is provided during the prayer time and several guys usually stay on for breakfast together.
Coffee is provided for breakfast only.
Coffee is provided free of charge, and soft drinks are available.
Coffee is provided.
Coffee is raked and turned every half hour throughout the day to promote drying.
Coffee is ready to serve.
Coffee is ready.
Coffee is real, top quality, made in a good espresso machine.
Coffee is really a seed.
Coffee is refreshed mid-morning.
Coffee is relatively new, as the world turns.
Coffee is rich without being overwhelming.
Coffee is roasted in site and hand brewed.
Coffee is roasted in small batches to ensure maximum flavor and aroma.
Coffee is roasted in the morning and shipped the same day.
Coffee is roasted only to order, because it begins to lose quality very quickly.
Coffee is roasted on-site daily.
Coffee is safe, and so are our fruits and vegetables.
Coffee is said to eliminate odors.
Coffee is second only to sex on the priority list for both men and women.
Coffee is served after a meal, never with it.
Coffee is served after most services.
Coffee is served after the service.
Coffee is served and all are welcome.
Coffee is served as well as chilled tap water, both of which are unhealthy.
Coffee is served at some schools for the teachers and is to be paid for using an honor system.
Coffee is served before and after and is welcome during the service.
Coffee is served by the cup and by the portion.
Coffee is served from the cylinder.
Coffee is served in colorful Italian ceramic cups with saucers.
Coffee is served in French press pots, which makes a delicious cup.
Coffee is served in member printed coffee mugs which give visibility to members.
Coffee is served in mini French presses.
Coffee is served in reusable mugs embossed with the workshop name and sponsors.
Coffee is served in the entryway outside the meeting room.
Coffee is served in the living room after dinner.
Coffee is served in the mornings, and in the evenings tea and ship's bread with butter.
Coffee is served in white china cups.
Coffee is served just before seminar time.
Coffee is served only on special occasions.
Coffee is served piping hot in a glass mug.
Coffee is served prior to the lectures and at a break during the session.
Coffee is served strong, black and sweet - often spiced with fresh cardamom seeds.
Coffee is served upstairs on the landing for early risers.
Coffee is served very hot.
Coffee is served, and bring a lunch for the lunch break.
Coffee is served, and tea, and coffee, as before.
Coffee is served, as well as ice water.
Coffee is served, bring a lunch.
Coffee is served.
Coffee is sharp, dark, meaty, expensive.
Coffee is small, yes, but complex, bold and big, yes both small and big.
Coffee is sold by the pound, but ribbon is sold by the yard.
Coffee is sold in most restaurants.
Coffee is sold in vacuum-packed cans and is ground to varying consistencies.
Coffee is somewhat diuretic, but any genuine oriental tea is worse.
Coffee is still popular.
Coffee is stimulants.
Coffee is strong.
Coffee is such a common ingredient of our daily routines that it's hard to imagine life without it.
Coffee is supplied at no additional charge if required for meetings in the hall or mezzanine.
Coffee is supposed to symbolize sex.
Coffee is taken from private plantations.
Coffee is Tanzania's second most important export commodity.
Coffee is the base of the Colombian economy.
Coffee is the best practice.
Coffee is the beverage of the gods.
Coffee is the chief commercial crop and export.
Coffee is the chief crop along the river's upper course.
Coffee is the chief export.
Coffee is the commodity of dialogue.
Coffee is the country's major export.
Coffee is the cure.
Coffee is the dominant foreign exchange earning export commodity of Ethiopia.
Coffee is the economy's chief crop.
Coffee is the fruit or berry of an evergreen tree.
Coffee is the key flavoring behind coffee cake and coffee ice cream.
Coffee is the largest agricultural commodity imported into the united states.
Coffee is the largest agricultural commodity in the world.
Coffee is the largest export of the country.
Coffee is the largest income- earning plant.
Coffee is the largest state-owned enterprise.
Coffee is the leading crop exported by Angola.
Coffee is the main cash crop in the highlands.
Coffee is the main cash crop.
Coffee is the main commercial crop.
Coffee is the main export and bananas are second.
Coffee is the main export commodity, followed by cotton and tea.
Coffee is the main export commodity.
Coffee is the main export crop.
Coffee is the main export here.
Coffee is the main export product.
Coffee is the main export.
Coffee is the main source of dietary caffeine consumption.
Coffee is the major beverage.
Coffee is the major crop, but cotton, millet, sugarcane, rice, and fodder are also grown.
Coffee is the major crop.
Coffee is the major economic activity in the area and the number one export crop for the region.
Coffee is the major export crop and accounts for the bulk of export revenues.
Coffee is the major export crop, accounting for over half of export revenues.
Coffee is the major export, followed by sugar and bananas.
Coffee is the most common drink, along with highly sugared fruit drinks.
Coffee is the most commonly thought of source of caffeine but caffeine is in many other products.
Coffee is the most important commercial crop in Ethiopia.
Coffee is the most important crop grown for export.
Coffee is the most important export crop.
Coffee is the most important industry in Colombia .
Coffee is the most important industry in Colombia.
Coffee is the most popular beverage on the planet and is a traditional part of many cultures.
Coffee is the newest most popular small pleasure of our generation.
Coffee is the number one agricultural export.
Coffee is the number one export and is commonly consumed.
Coffee is the principle cash crop.
Coffee is the really dangerous area.
Coffee is the second largest commodity in dollar volume in international trade.
Coffee is the second largest commodity sold, the first being oil.
Coffee is the second largest imported commodity in the United States.
Coffee is the second largest trade commodity in the world, next to oil.
Coffee is the second most heavily traded commodity after oil.
Coffee is the second most heavily traded commodity in the world, after oil.
Coffee is the second most popular beverage in the world, after tea.
Coffee is the second most traded commodity on earth after oil.
Coffee is the second most traded commodity on the world market after crude oil.
Coffee is the second-largest traded commodity, after oil.
Coffee is the second-most traded commodity on the international market, right after oil.
Coffee is the seed of a cherry from a tree.
Coffee is the seed of a fruit and grows on a tree.
Coffee is the sign that the evening is over and guests are to leave.
Coffee is the staple food, economic commodity, and drink of choice of the city.
Coffee is the third most common import in the U.S., behind oil and steel, respectively.
Coffee is the world s most popular stimulant.
Coffee is the world's most heavily traded commodity, after oil.
Coffee is to be kept in an airtight container and stored in a cool, dark, dry place.
Coffee is too bitter, alcohol too sharp.
Coffee is too serious a socializing force to be ignored any longer.
Coffee is trash.
Coffee is trees.
Coffee is turned into a drink in several different ways .
Coffee is turned into a drink in several different ways.
Coffee is twice as potent as tea or cola.
Coffee is used in soaps to absorb odors from the skin.
Coffee is used irresponsibly.
Coffee is very hot.
Coffee is water filtered through ground up beans.
Coffee is without a doubt one of the world's most valuable agricultural commodities.
Coffee isa beverage.
Coffee looks better in the morning.
Coffee loses weight as it roasts, as moisture and gasses are driven from the beans.
Coffee maintains the perfect temperature for the rest of the evening.
Coffee makes from beans.
Coffee makes from coffee beans.
Coffee makes many people jumpy and unable to sleep properly.
Coffee makes no discrimination by race, sex, age, social position, or creed.
Coffee making products, just click on the images to go to a complete review of the product.
Coffee mixes with sugar.
Coffee naturally likes to grow in the shade.
Coffee never runs out.
Coffee occupies a unique zone that has endangered mid-elevational forest throughout the tropics.
Coffee occupies the largest share of throat in France, Germany, Italy and Spain.
Coffee offers gift packages and gift baskets for all kinds of occasions and holidays.
Coffee overcomes the effects of drowsiness while driving .
Coffee overcomes the effects of drowsiness while driving.
Coffee perfumes the air.
Coffee perks all morning.
Coffee plays a dominant role in agriculture, Colombia being the world's second largest producer.
Coffee produces an opaque brownish hue.
Coffee provides energy.
Coffee provides sustain energy.
Coffee really aggravates their nasal congestion and mucus production.
Coffee really tastes good today.
CofFEE receives a large number of references in the media.
Coffee reduces inositol levels in the blood.
Coffee reduces pressure.
Coffee remains in the outer periphery of interest in the minds of consumers.
Coffee represents the generous hospitality of the host.
Coffee represents the second source of income in Mexico, after oil.
Coffee rules the bedroom.
Coffee says, gesturing like a boxer hitting a speed bag.
Coffee screams with cream tears.
Coffee seems more lasting for mental alertness and offers fewer jitters than the others.
Coffee seems to be a counterpoint to a diet high in animal products and refined sugars.
Coffee seems to be a large crop here.
Coffee seems to be a relatively safe beverage in moderation.
Coffee seems to be yesterday's news.
Coffee seems to have a pretty profound influence on the band.
Coffee seems to taste better when drinking around a campfire under the African stars.
Coffee sends some sort of a neat jolt to the brain.
Coffee Serve hot coffee in a preheated mug, or ice and serve in chilled stemware.
Coffee smells and tastes good.
Coffee smells good in the morning.
Coffee smells good when it's cold too.
Coffee sounds great.
Coffee spills all over the cuffs.
Coffee spout adjusts to accomodate different size cups.
Coffee start into any door and fold gardening catalogs.
Coffee start into any door and fold manual lawn mowers.
Coffee starts to go stale as soon as it's roasted.
Coffee still grows wild in Africa, in some of the drier southern parts and Ethiopia.
Coffee stimulates the body , and people tend to drink quite a lot of it when they are at work .
Coffee stimulates the body, and people tend to drink quite a lot of it when they are at work.
Coffee stimulates the colon.
Coffee supports metabolism.
Coffee takes on the aromas of nearby foods or, in fact, anything with a pronounced aroma.
Coffee tastes bad.
Coffee tastes like wet dirt.
Coffee tends to grow faster with more sun but also requires more pesticides.
Coffee thus appears to somehow dilute the harmful effect of tobacco use on the bladder.
Coffee thus becomes the rallying cry for the remainder of the episode.
Coffee urns, chafers, fondues, soup tureens.
Coffee when roasted, gives off a chaff material which is the silverskin.
Coffee wins unanimously.
Coffee Works .
Coffee writes . . .
Coffees become more sophisticated and tastier, appealing to everyone.
Coffees require a candidate to stand and address a crowd gathered with in poking distance.
Coffee always taste better when enjoyed in our beachside adirondack chairs.
All coffee comes whole bean unless requested ground.
All coffee is custom roasted to order every day.
All coffee is grown between the lines of the equator.
All coffee is medium roast.
All coffee is processed wet using aqua-pulpers, for demucilage removal.
All coffee is roasted fresh per order.
All coffee is roasted fresh, and shipped out the very same day.
All coffee is roasted to order and shipped at peak freshness.
All coffee is roasted to order, and packed immediately in air tight freshness valve bags.
All coffee is shipped the same day it is roasted.
All coffees are available for purchase in ground or whole bean form.
All coffees are available in regular or decaffeinated versions.
All coffees are available whole bean.
All coffees come ground in one-pound packages.
All coffees come in air-tight, resealable bags.
All coffees roast somewhat differently.
More coffee is drunk than tea and chocolate is another favourite drink.
More coffee is grown and traded than wheat rice, corn or livestock.
More coffee is in order.
More coffee is needed.
Most coffee comes from beans.
Most coffee comes from grind beans.
Most coffee contains caffeine.
Most coffee has beans.
Most coffee has effects.
Most coffee has similar effects.
Most coffee helps memory.
Most coffee helps metabolism.
Most coffee is also acidic, drawing calcium as an alkaline buffer.
Most coffee is cultivated in small family farms.
Most coffee is grown in remote mountainous regions of developing nations.
Most coffee is grown right along the shores of the lake and are well nourished by the volcanic soil.
Most coffee is transported by ships.
Most coffee makes from beans.
Most coffee makes from coffee beans.
Most coffee mixes with sugar.
Most coffee provides energy.
Most coffee provides sustain energy.
Most coffee reduces pressure.
Most coffee supports metabolism.
Most coffees sold in U.S. are light and medium-roasted.
Much coffee is harvested early and indiscriminately at the expense of flavor.
Some coffee contributes to health problems.
Some coffee contributes to problems.
Some coffee fills with rice.
Some coffee increases secretion.
Some coffee is grown for export.
Some coffee makes from milk.
Some coffees come to a sweeter dark roast than others.
Some coffees naturally have more body than others.
All coffeehouse events are open to the public.
A coffeehouse is a restaurant
Coffeehouse offers open-mic night.
Coffeehouses abound along the coast.
Coffeehouses also offer a mature and adult-like atmosphere for teens to participate in.
Coffeehouses are a popular spots for relaxation in Budapest.
Coffeehouses are another option.
Coffeehouses are houses.
Coffeehouses attract eccentrics like money attracts politicians or politicians attract flies.
Coffeehouses continue to surface throughout the city.
Coffeehouses go to the unchurched.
Most coffeehouses have a to-go program.
Some coffeehouses feature live evening entertainment.
A cofferdam is a chamber
Cofferdams are steel sheet walls that form a dam around a construction area in the river.
Coffered ceilings lend a classy look and, if backlighted, a romantic touch.
Coffin bone provides the shape of the foot and the rigidity needed to bear weight.
A coffin is a box
Coffin encourages all that are interested to register online as soon as possible.
Coffin gives way to earth.
Coffin isa box.
Coffin needs to solve the murder of a colleague investigating internal police corruption.
Coffins also serve as blunt reminders of mortality.
Coffins are boxs.
Coffins are located in funerals.
Coffins are located in graveyards.
Coffins are obsolete.
Coffins are storage devices.
Coffins are temporary, celebratory things.
Coffins are used for coffins.
Coffins cause death.
Coffins fill With the black of it.
Coffins have (part) sections.
Coffins have six sides and taper off toward the foot.
Coffins range from inexpensive pine boxes to lead-sealed caskets.
Some coffins contain mint.
Some coffins have holes.
Some coffins still contain petrified remains.
A cog is a subordinate
Cog appears in the episode on machines.
Cog stands idle and disinterested at the moment.
Cogs appear also in the literary evidence.
Cogs are all but nonexistent.
Cogs are part of gear.
Cogs are subordinates.
Cogs are tooths.
COGS develops Web-based survey to elicit student preferences.
COGS develops Web-based survey to elicit student views.
Cogs eat chocolate covered coconuts, candy corn, crisp cabbage, carrots, and cats.
COGS has an extensive web site which has been operational for two years.
COGS have a separate award as well.
Cogs have memory, and memories have cogs.
COGS holds a monthly meeting with invited speakers.
COGS is officially without any sort of leadership.
COGS is simply a calculation.
COGS is the largest single expense in a retail organisation.
COGS is the single largest expense in a retail organisation.
Cogs live in cornet cases inside corner cabnets.
COGs organizes clusters of protein sequences from completely sequenced genomes of different species.
COGS subscribes to The Chronicles of Higher Education.
COGE is an international consulting company.
Cogent arguments are always sound.
Cogent arguments exist for both sides.
All cogent arguments are sound arguments.
All cogent arguments are valid arguments.
Cognate courses are available in community health sciences, biology, and food and nutrition.
Cognate courses are available in logic, philosophy of science, and speech.
Cognate recognition is a powerful strategy for learning related languages.
Cognate requirements vary with each subject-oriented track.
Cognate studies are subject to approval of the chair of the student's major department.
Cognate studies draw from management courses to provide a business acumen.
A cognate is a word
Cognates are courses taken in some other specialization area.
Cognates are fun, easy to remember, and help students learn the Hebrew letters.
Cognates are highly dependent upon the interests and needs of individual students.
Cognates are words in different languages but they are derived from the original word.
Cognates are words in two different languages that show evidence of a common origin.
Cognates are words that are related through the same origin.
Cognates are words that have approximately the same spelling and meaning in two different languages.
Cognates are words that sound similar in both languages.
Cognates are words.
Cognates require fewer credits than specializations.
Some cognates are earnest, orient, origin, abort, art , and hormone .
Some cognates are lieu, local , and tenant .
Some cognates are yes, soothe, sin, essence, absent, interest, present, and proud.
Some cognates span the entire width of the Australian continent.
Cognition can override familiarity and produce a veridical perception of the drone.
Cognition contains a map of reality.
Cognition contains activities to stimulate the child's problem solving abilities.
Cognition deals with organizing, classifying and recognizing sensory stimuli.
Cognition depends on emotion .
Cognition generally is normal.
Cognition has it's original roots in distal change.
Cognition has multiple systems.
Cognition has to be semiotic from the start.
Cognition includes memory, attention, language and comprehension.
Cognition includes thoughts, memories, and reflections.
Cognition involves the ability to make novel associations.
Cognition involves the acquisition, storage, retrieval, and use of knowledge.
Cognition is a delusion and noncognition is senseless.
Cognition is a wondrous thing.
Cognition is always a dialectical relation between subject and object.
Cognition is an act of process of learning or perception, hence, something known or perceived.
Cognition is an entity
Cognition is an interaction between the body and mind.
Cognition is any mental activity involved in the representation and processing of knowledge.
Cognition is central to the pattern.
Cognition is defined as the act or process of knowing.
Cognition is defined as the skill of dealing with knowledge.
Cognition is directed upon darkness.
Cognition is equivalent to symbol processing.
Cognition is far too large a subject for any single discipline.
Cognition is itself the exercise of intelligence.
Cognition is like an interpreted formal system, one pressed into representational service.
Cognition is made for obtaining joy, whereas activity is made for the dominion over all things.
Cognition is mildly impaired.
Cognition is our ability to process and store information about the world.
Cognition is reached via insight and deduction.
Cognition is studied as biologically based information- processing.
Cognition is the ability to remember, think clearly, pay attention and solve problems.
Cognition is the ability to think, learn, and remember.
Cognition is the beliefs, opinions, knowledge, or information a person possesses.
Cognition is the function of systems to make decisions based on available knowledge.
Cognition is the process of acquiring knowledge.
Cognition is the process of conscious perception.
Cognition is the process of knowing.
Cognition is the process of receiving signals from outside of the organism via our five senses.
Cognition is the process of thinking and knowing.
Cognition is typically social and takes place among the members of teams and groups.
Cognition is what autopoietic networks do.
Cognition isa entity.
Cognition means learning, reasoning, problem solving, perception and judgment.
Cognition means understanding.
Cognition occupies a major portion of the study of human psychology.
Cognition occurs as the organizing of sensory data into categories.
Cognition plays a role in providing a mental model.
Cognition provides a good introduction to the core issues facing cognitive psychology.
Cognition refers to any kind of knowledge or opinion about oneself or the world.
Cognition refers to internal representations of the world and internal information processing.
Cognition refers to mental activity or processes.
Cognition refers to the mental processes involved in acquiring knowledge .
Cognition refers to the way the brain remembers, organises thoughts and problem solves situations.
Cognition requires memory.
Cognition works by association.
Cognition works similarly.
Cognitions are important as mediators and as outcomes of the learning process.
Cognitions follow the laws of behaviorism.
Cognitions represent abstract processes of learning, thinking, perceiving etc.
Cognition often changes in a healthy direction as a natural consequence of the healing.
Cognition often expresses clearly in planned behavior.
Cognitive abilities are relatively stable and change very slowly.
Cognitive abilities test.
Cognitive ability influences outcomes.
Cognitive ability is one important factor, but it is only one of many.
Cognitive abnormalities can range from mild impairment to severe dementia.
Cognitive activities focus on letter recognition and letter sounds.
Cognitive agents are a new concept, enabled by new technology.
Cognitive algebra disavows any such general claim.
Cognitive algebra facilitates the identification of antecedent and consequent operational abilities.
Cognitive algebra is more akin to a theory of competence than a theory of performance.
Cognitive anthropology is the study of culture and mind.
Cognitive apartheid involves the ' boxing ' of science as school knowledge.
Cognitive apprenticeship plays a similar role.
Cognitive approaches are generally inappropriate.
Cognitive artifacts are ubiquitous in the wild.
Cognitive aspects form a major factor impacting on the process which is adopted.
Cognitive behavior is the behavior of understanding.
Cognitive biases are mental errors caused by our simplified information processing strategies.
Cognitive biases are often because of evolution .
Cognitive biases are often because of evolution.
Cognitive capacities are necessary for the strategic sharing of meat with group members.
Cognitive causes receive more support.
Cognitive change accompanies the healing of the memory.
Cognitive changes are probably equivalent to about a three to six month delay in progression.
Cognitive changes occur during the teen years.
Cognitive complexity is a well-known theory for studying humans as information processors.
Cognitive component defines the beliefs, opinions, knowledge, or information held by a person.
Cognitive conflict can fuel the learning process.
Cognitive constructivism approaches learning and knowing from the perspective of the individual.
Cognitive decline continues and in some cases loss of speech has been reported.
Cognitive decline is always a feature and memory problems occur in two out of three patients.
Cognitive decline occurs at around the same time.
Cognitive deficits are also common.
Cognitive deficits are like senior moments but much more often.
Cognitive descriptors predict nicotine dependence.
Cognitive deterioration is more rapid during puberty.
Cognitive development allows the child to progress from immature to mature levels of thinking.
Cognitive development consists of a succession of changes which are structural.
Cognitive development focuses on how children learn and process information.
Cognitive development Identify cognitive developmental characteristics.
Cognitive development involves both stability and plasticity over time.
Cognitive development is a slow gradual process of change.
Cognitive development is an integral part of all activities.
Cognitive development is an intriguing, but conceptually complex field of study.
Cognitive development is limited to a certain range at any given age.
Cognitive development is reported as normal.
Cognitive development is studied from two dominant approaches-Piagetian and information processing.
Cognitive development is the development of the thinking and organizing systems of the brain.
Cognitive development is usually normal.
Cognitive development is viewed as a progression through stages that become increasingly complex.
Cognitive development is what the individual knows, and how they acquire their information.
Cognitive development plays an important role in determining the level of children's TV knowledge.
Cognitive development proceeds at the same rate in all domains.
Cognitive differentiation is the individual's ability to dissect information into smaller units.
Cognitive difficulties can also result from exposure to toxins in the environment.
Cognitive disabilities can vary considerably and are most often difficult to see.
Cognitive disabilities refer to any disability affecting mental processes.
Cognitive disability is also both heritable and able to be produced through genetic mutation.
Cognitive disruptions occur, creating memory lapses and learning challenges.
Cognitive dissonance can explain lots of strange things.
Cognitive dissonance is an unpleasant state that is accompanied by heightened arousal.
Cognitive dissonance is by no means a full-proof theory for predicting attitude change.
Cognitive dissonance is most likely to occur in the purchase of a. sneakers.
Cognitive dissonance motivates efforts to reduce in consistancy in our thoughts and actions.
Cognitive Distortion Includes abstracts, landscapes, fractals, and more.
Cognitive distortions are the key culprit.
Cognitive distortions contribute to negative and self-destructive thoughts, moods, and behaviors.
Cognitive distraction can be very powerful as well as convenient.
Cognitive distraction can be very powerful.
Cognitive dysfunction can be a hard subject to broach, even with family and friends.
Cognitive Dysfunction can be a hard subject to broach, even with family and friends.
Cognitive dysfunction following cardiac surgery is associated with cerebral oxygen desaturation.
Cognitive dysfunction is a well documented symptom of whiplash injuries.
Cognitive dysfunction is another major risk factor.
Cognitive effects can include difficulty concentrating and memory problems.
Cognitive effort is needed to collect and process information before and during a journey.
Cognitive elements are at work.
Cognitive ethology seeks to define the limits of animal mind.
Cognitive ethology starts from the animal as sentient being.
Cognitive evaluation is particularly important.
Cognitive factors mediate the effects of the situation and reinforcers.
Some cognitive factors affect development.
Some cognitive factors affect personality development.
Cognitive flexibility tries to avoid oversimplification.
Cognitive function appears to be unimproved by aerobic training.
Cognitive function is a major factor in a person's functional capacity.
Cognitive function is as rich and diverse a domain as sensory function.
Cognitive function is enhanced when carbohydrate is ingested as a hydration technique.
Cognitive function is partly related to what's known as the brain-gut axis.
Cognitive function is studied using word pair selection biases.
Cognitive function is the mental process of knowing, thinking, learning and judging.
Cognitive function ranges anywhere from moderate retardation to near-normal.
Cognitive function refers to someone's ability to plan, remember, and exercise good judgment.
Cognitive functions are mildly impaired and strongly lateralized to the right hemisphere.
Cognitive functions depend on a network of brain regions.
Cognitive growth appears to stop once substance abuse becomes habitual.
Cognitive growth is based on a child's ability to acquire sets of rules.
Cognitive impairment can also occur, especially in later stages of the illness.
Cognitive impairment can influence the reliability of results.
Cognitive impairment can interfere with functional performance.
Cognitive impairment can occur at any age.
Cognitive impairment can result in poor concentration and decreased motor skills.
Cognitive impairment hinders the assessment of pain and pain management by health care staff.
Cognitive impairment is a major obstacle to pain assessment.
Cognitive impairment is a risk factor for injurious falls.
Cognitive impairment is an important modifier in determining pharmacologic intervention.
Cognitive impairment is common after brain damage, and is a major source of long-term disability.
Cognitive impairment is common to both diseases.
Cognitive impairment is commonly feature of multiple sclerosis.
Cognitive impairment is present in delirium and dementia.
Cognitive impairments can be congenital or the result of a head injury, stroke, or disease.
Many cognitive impairments are quite common, such as attention difficulties and dyslexia.
Cognitive instructions maximize the effectiveness of music in reducing acute pain .
Cognitive interference can occur while processing multiple attributes of stimuli.
Cognitive interventions stress the importance of self-control.
Cognitive limitations can prevent success.
Cognitive load reduces as more domain knowledge is captured.
Cognitive maps allow humans to store and organize spatial information.
Cognitive maps are mental representations.
Cognitive mapping is one of the models of ontological representation.
Cognitive mapping is one such approach.
Cognitive mediation is unnecessary much of the time.
Cognitive methods are a new tool for expanding self-control in many areas.
Cognitive methods can facilitate practicing attention in daily life.
Cognitive models are computer programs that simulate human performance of cognitive skills.
Cognitive models are the units of currency of knowledge and memory.
Cognitive models describe four different information gathering and processing types.
Cognitive models enhance the analysis of the work processes of scientists.
Cognitive models try to represent the robot, the world, and how they interact.
Cognitive musicology lies at the intersection between the sciences and the arts.
Cognitive neuropsychology is more than single-case studies.
Cognitive neuropsychology is the study of the damaged brain to better understand the intact brain.
Cognitive neuroscience is neuroscience
Cognitive neuroscience is the study of how the brain enables the mind.
A cognitive neuroscientist is a cognitive scientist
Cognitive neuroscientists are especially encouraged to apply.
Cognitive objectives are descriptions of thinking skills.
Cognitive openness is the opposite of rigidity.
Cognitive performance includes day-to day activities such as reasoning, memory and learning.
Cognitive performance is broken down into a set of distinct, sequentially operating processes.
Cognitive personalities tend to be more analytical than the other personality types.
Cognitive perspectives use computer modeling, as does mathematics.
All cognitive perspectives focus on mental behaviors.
Cognitive play is used here as one example.
All Cognitive printers have an adjustable media holder to accommodate narrower labels or tags.
Cognitive problems are on the increase.
Cognitive problems can occur as a result of primary or metastatic diseases.
A cognitive process is knowledge
Cognitive processes are cognition.
Cognitive processes are remarkably efficient and accurate.
Cognitive processes center on food.
Cognitive processes handle positive information better than negative.
Cognitive processes take place in the brain.
Cognitive psychologists are particularly interested in eyewitness identification .
Cognitive psychologists are psychologists.
Cognitive psychologists are workers.
Cognitive psychologists believe our thinking is the key causal factor in behavior.
Cognitive psychologists conduct research on and often teach about a variety of cognitive processes.
Cognitive psychologists deal with memory, thinking, and perception.
Cognitive psychologists deal with memory, thinking, and perceptions.
Cognitive psychologists explain the interpretative act of reading in terms of ' schema theory'.
Cognitive psychologists explain the interpretative act of reading in terms of 'schema theory'.
Cognitive psychologists focus on the participant's process and problems over time.
Cognitive psychologists make inferences about how the brain works based on how a computer works.
Cognitive psychologists study how people acquire, utilize, organize, and retrieve information.
Cognitive psychologists study such things as perception, language, memory and action.
Cognitive psychologists study the brain's role in memory, thinking, and other mental processes.
Cognitive psychologists use logic to infer mental processes by observing the behavior of people.
Many cognitive psychologists see the brain as a computer.
A cognitive psychology is a psychology
Cognitive psychologies are part of cognitive science.
Cognitive psychologies are psychologies.
Cognitive psychology examines how individuals deviate from rationality in making decisions.
Cognitive psychology is a laboratory science.
Cognitive psychology is committed to an empirical, scientific approach to studying human cognition.
Cognitive psychology is concerned with all of the human information processing faculties.
Cognitive psychology is one of the most important and influential areas of modern psychology.
Cognitive psychology is the science which studies cognition.
Cognitive psychology is the scientific field devoted to studying our special mental capacities.
Cognitive psychology is the scientific study of how people acquire and use information.
Cognitive psychology is the study of how people perceive, act, communicate, and reason.
Cognitive psychology is the study of human thinking and memory processes.
Cognitive psychology is the study of human thought processes and cognitions.
Cognitive psychology is the study of mental processes.
Cognitive psychology is the study of the fundamental capacities of the human mind.
Cognitive psychology is, in some ways, the prototypical psychological science.
Cognitive psychology makes a further distinction, between automatic and attentional behaviour.
Cognitive psychology pertains to thinking and information processing.
Cognitive psychology portrays learners as active processors of information.
Cognitive psychology proposes yet another way to study the causal mechanisms of animal behaviour.
Cognitive psychology stresses the contextual nature of knowledge, strategies, and expertise.
Cognitive psychology studies the higher mental processes of humans.
Cognitive psychotherapy is one of the methods that has demonstrated good results for depression.
Cognitive radio is an emerging topic within software radio.
Cognitive reflection includes schemata which constitute the individual s comprehension of the world.
Cognitive rehabilitation can be lengthy, costly and demonstrate only minor changes.
Cognitive relevance looks at syntax patterns to gain a degree of contextual understanding.
Cognitive remediation is physical therapy to the senses and brain.
Cognitive representation affects consideration of an alternative hypothesis .
Cognitive requirements are the written assessments, home and school assignments, skill improvement.
Cognitive research demonstrates the value of apprenticeship learning.
Cognitive reserve is thought to be a measure of brain capacity.
Cognitive responses shift the interaction to a thinking or analytic mode.
Some cognitive revolution takes places.
A cognitive science is science
Cognitive science are science.
Cognitive science can have useful applications if freed of representationism.
Cognitive science focuses on the relationship of language and the mind.
Cognitive science includes behavioural and cognitive brain science.
Cognitive science investigates the deep structure of mental processes.
Cognitive science is a large field, and covers a wide array of topics on cognition.
Cognitive science is a multidisciplinary approach to the study of the human mind.
Cognitive science is aimed at understanding the mental processes that underlie cognitive abilities.
Cognitive science is an interdisciplinary study.
Cognitive science is another important discipline in the field of brain research.
Cognitive science is the discipline which attempts to understand the nature of thought.
Cognitive science is the empirical study of intelligent systems.
Cognitive science is the interdisciplinary study of cognition.
Cognitive science is the interdisciplinary study of mind and intelligence.
Cognitive science is the interdisciplinary study of mind and the nature of intelligence.
Cognitive science is the investigation of how cognition works.
Cognitive science is the science of the mind.
Cognitive science meets beginning reading.
Cognitive science resourses On line papers in philosophy .
Cognitive science seems like an ideal career.
A cognitive scientist is a scientist
Cognitive scientists are scientists.
Cognitive scientists believe that mind can be explained entirely in terms of classical physics.
Cognitive Scientists find themselves asking many interrelated questions.
Cognitive scientists study how the mind works.
Cognitive scientists study many different phenomena within the general topic of spatial cognition.
Many cognitive scientists view consciousness as the last unconquered frontier in science.
Cognitive scores improve on atypicals as well although that research is just beginning.
Cognitive skills advance as a result of problem solving with play materials.
Cognitive skills are the bedrock upon which language and social skills are built.
Cognitive skills develop better with music and motor skills.
Cognitive skills go well beyond attaining a sufficient knowledge of human biology.
Cognitive skills training generally targets offenders at high risk of recidivism.
Cognitive strategies are ways that the student can actively improve their education.
Cognitive strategies enable the reader to understand written text.
All cognitive strategies are equally effective and efficient.
Cognitive structures emerge from the recurrent sensorimotor activity that enables such a process.
Cognitive structures emerge, allowing one to label and articulate changes that accompany relaxation.
Cognitive structures incorporate the ego and moral judgment.
Cognitive style is an important variable that can affect the educational process in several ways.
Cognitive style is used for the more popular term, learning style .
Cognitive styles differ.
Cognitive symptoms can include memory loss and progress to dementia.
Cognitive symptoms dominate.
Cognitive symptoms occur when lesions develop in brain areas responsible for information processing.
Cognitive systems is a system whose emergent properties are cognitive.
All cognitive systems share a basic underlying set of symbol manipulating processes.
Cognitive tasks use action descriptors like list, decide, identify, select, and choose.
Cognitive tests provide indirect information about brain function.
Cognitive testing is especially suited to the early development of survey questions.
Cognitive testing is highly controversial at the present time.
Cognitive theorists seek to determine the conditions under which insight is most likely to occur.
Cognitive theory allows for growth and development in adulthood.
Cognitive theory can have much to contribute to the design of a curricula.
Cognitive theory is essential in traffic psychology.
Cognitive theory is such that conscious reflection helps process information into long-term memory.
Cognitive theory states that how a person thinks directly affects how the person feels.
Cognitive therapists assist patients in modifying problematic schemas.
Cognitive therapists believe thoughts, rather than actions, are what affect feelings most.
Cognitive therapists say yes.
Cognitive therapy can be as effective as psychopharmacology in the treatment of clinical depression.
Cognitive therapy can help a person change negative thinking.
Cognitive therapy can help the patient identify possible triggers for the attacks.
Cognitive therapy can help.
Cognitive therapy emphasizes a rational and positive world view.
Cognitive therapy examines how thought patterns effect depression.
Cognitive therapy focuses on client problems.
Cognitive therapy focuses on correcting learned misconceptions.
Cognitive therapy focuses on negative patterns of thinking and develops coping skills.
Cognitive therapy involves attempts at changing distorted thinking and beliefs.
Cognitive therapy involves challenging and altering faulty thinking patterns.
Cognitive therapy involves learning new ways to think.
Cognitive therapy is a critical component of healthy eating.
Cognitive therapy is a fast-acting technology of mood change.
Cognitive therapy is a specific form of psychological therapy.
Cognitive therapy is a time-limited treatment lasting three to four months.
Cognitive therapy is a way of helping people to cope with stress and emotional problems.
Cognitive therapy is aimed at helping people recognize and change distorted ways of thinking.
Cognitive therapy is aimed at reassessing and correcting such thinking patterns.
Cognitive therapy is also helpful for social phobia.
Cognitive therapy is among the most popular forms of new psychotherapy.
Cognitive therapy is an active, directive form of psychotherapy.
Cognitive therapy is another option.
Cognitive therapy is collaborative.
Cognitive therapy is more complex than positive thinking.
Cognitive therapy is the most heavily researched form of psychotherapy.
Cognitive therapy is the process where people learn to control their thoughts.
Cognitive therapy lends itself well to research .
Cognitive therapy maintains that our thoughts precede and cause our feelings.
Cognitive therapy provides relief to almost all panic sufferers .
Cognitive therapy replaces dysfunctional thoughts with more useful ones.
Cognitive therapy requires hard work.
Cognitive therapy seeks to help people change how they think about things.
Cognitive therapy seems to work best.
Cognitive therapy teaches the individual to recognise and challenge upsetting thoughts.
Cognitive therapy works on chronic problems and negative attitudes.
Cognitive thinkers are orderly, logical information seekers, and inductive problem solvers.
Cognitive tools can act as structural aids to assist learners in managing new information.
Cognitive treatment is the preferred therapy for depression.
Cognitive tutors are intelligent software programs designed to help students as they learn by doing.
Cognitive understanding is involved.
Cognitive values are generally related or thought to be indicators of truth.
Cognitive vulnerabilities predict medical outcome in a sample of pain patients.
Cognitive worry is manifested in negative self-reference and fear about future outcomes.
Cognitivist principles feature the learner as a proactive participant in the learning process.
Cognizance is a knowing
Cognizance is determined on the basis of the contractor's location.
Cognizance is knowing.
Cognizance is perceptions.
Cognizance requires continuing feedback.
Cognizant clients give the company glowing reviews.
Cognizant companies integrate information and technology to create business insight.
Cognizant dissonance is a wonderful thing.
Cohabitant income is relevant only in determining co-payment and reimbursement.
Cohabitation agreements are a good idea whose time has come and passed for some people.
Cohabitation agreements are legally binding contracts.
Cohabitation agreements can minimize any future stress and financial misunderstanding.
Cohabitation appears to be less stable than marriage, even after other factors are accounted for.
Cohabitation avoids the trouble and expense of a wedding and divorce.
Cohabitation doubles the rate of divorce.
Cohabitation embraces evil.
Cohabitation ends when the female leaves the dominant male's shelter for the last time.
Cohabitation fits here as a period of extended exclusivity.
Cohabitation implies a lack of commitment.
Cohabitation is a common type of partnership in Norway.
Cohabitation is almost a guarantee for failure.
Cohabitation is an embracing of evil.
Cohabitation is commonplace.
Cohabitation is considered a realistic first step prior to marriage.
Cohabitation is defined as the sexual union between two individuals without the benefit of marriage.
Cohabitation is generally unacceptable.
Cohabitation is habitation
Cohabitation is ilegal.
Cohabitation is increasingly an alternative to marriage.
Cohabitation is just about the worst way to prepare for marriage.
Cohabitation is much lower in Spain than in Britain.
Cohabitation is now common among all groups of people.
Cohabitation is on the increase because the social taboos against it have weakened.
Cohabitation is plain sinful, for lack of a better word.
Cohabitation is risky- especially to young women and children.
Cohabitation is scandalous and detracts from the sacredness of marriage.
Cohabitation is seven times more frequent.
Cohabitation is sky-rocketing in popularity.
Cohabitation is still a felony in Arizona, so let's kick students out for that, too.
Cohabitation is still extremely rare in the southern European countries.
Cohabitation is still most widespread among young people.
Cohabitation is the worst possible step a couple can take.
Cohabitation is up, marital bliss is down, and early marriage is out.
Cohabitation is very common in Quebec.
Cohabitation means living in a spouse-like relationship.
Cohabitation requires no proof of sexual intercourse.
Cohabitation saves money .
Cohabitation seems to fit the mood of the day.
Cohabitation seems to make it unnecessary.
Cohabitation violates the rights to reasonable privacy and the pursuit of academic goals.
Any cohabitative relation involves compromises.
Most cohabiting couples say they intend to marry, but the reality for many couples is different.
Coherence bandwidth is approximately inverse of delay spread.
Coherence conditions permit to see clearly the connection between coercions and isomorphisms.
Coherence lengths can vary, from many meters to only millimeters, depending on the model.
Coherence also has to do with relationships between statements.
Coherence also requires that the relationship among sections be readily apparent.
Coherence can refer to many things.
Coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location.
Coherence has a natural attraction.
Coherence has two components, spatial and temporal.
Coherence implies relevance and meaning too.
Coherence is a clich .
Coherence is a cliche.
Coherence is a connection
Coherence is a criterion of social ethics Human actions are never without contradictions.
Coherence is a measure of the similarity in field-potential waveforms in different areas.
Coherence is a result of sentence patterns, pronoun reference, and transitional connectives.
Coherence is a toggle command.
Coherence is achieved by structuring the materials around a series of major themes.
Coherence is almost stable for the whole time-series.
Coherence is always preferable.
Coherence is an arrangement of landscape elements which create a culturally unified composition.
Coherence is an invention of five years ago that has had a beneficial impact on fault recognition.
Coherence is born of purity in body and thus mind.
Coherence is connections within a sentence, while cohesion is connections within a text.
Coherence is connections.
Coherence is defined only for measurement series over time.
Coherence is determined by what is reasonable to accept based on the acceptance system.
Coherence is essential to good writing.
Coherence is isolated within sentences, while cohesion is more general.
Coherence is maintained by software which has several disadvantages.
Coherence is maintained.
Coherence is many times more powerful than incoherence.
Coherence is modelled by the notion of a transaction an atomic disseminating computation.
Coherence is necessary if actions are to make sense.
Coherence is of less benefit in poor data and can sometimes be quite ambiguous.
Coherence is only a part of culture in society or in an organization.
Coherence is relevant to other variables besides array elements.
Coherence is the antidote to uncertainty.
Coherence is the defining element in a work of art.
Coherence is the trait that makes the paragraph easily understandable to a reader.
Coherence is therefore an interferometric property of light.
Coherence is used to check the quality of the transfer-function data.
Coherence is vital if the mission is to stand up to critical analysis.
Coherence means that a religious vision fits everything together.
Coherence means that all of the sentences in the paragraph are related to one another.
Coherence means that laser light can be focused with great precision.
Coherence means that the ideas flow logically from one thought to the next.
Coherence measures the degree of synchronisation between signals.
Coherence occurs in both time and space.
Coherence provides a much better discriminator between different ground cover types.
Coherence reduces the mean soft gluon multiplicity in the parton shower.
Coherence refers to the logical flow of information between the parts and the whole of the text.
Coherence refers to the unity of the essay.
Coherence requires that ideas be arranged logically.
Coherence seems to kick in at weird times.
Coherence simply means that which is consistent with the principle.
Coherency is a connection
Coherency is complex and expresses the frequency dependence of correlation.
Coherency is expressed as SELFs cohering with one another in spacetime.
Coherency is fundamental in specifying comprehensive caching and replication policies.
Coherency is obtained by using the same underlying pager object for all clients.
Coherency means phase correlation in time and space of the propagation process for the photons.
Coherency means the ability to interfere.
Coherent arguments are beside the point.
Coherent beams have a sharp phase difference that is uniform over time.
Coherent demodulation is required, significantly complicating the receiver.
Coherent demodulation requires more complex circuitry, but has better performance.
Coherent equilibria exist in general and, for an important class of games, induce unique outcomes.
Coherent information arises from the different sequences of neurons which synapse.
Coherent integration is a digital filtering process used by profilers.
Coherent integration is essentially a digital filtering process used by profilers.
Coherent lidar uses a special form of optical detection that preserves backscattered photons.
Coherent light is called laser light.
Coherent light is produced since there are more excited atoms than unexcited ones.
Coherent light travels in the same frequency and in the same phase.
Coherent patterns start forming in the brambles.
Coherent programming is impossible.
Coherent sources have the same wavelength and start with the same initial phase.
Coherent states are minimum uncertainty states generated by a classical current distribution.
Coherent states are the only quantum states that recover the harmonic oscillator classical motion.
All coherent systems are thus susceptible to internal and to external, to self and to else.
Coherent tools can significantly help to improve the situation.
Coherent tracking is established.
Coherent waves have a fixed relationship in time.
Coherent waves have the ability to deliver radiation of extremely high intensity.
Cohesion allows water to flow freely without molecules separating, due to hydrogen bonding.
Cohesion allows water to stick together.
Cohesion also requires strong bonds of mutual trust, respect, and confidence.
Cohesion causes water to fill the xylem pipeline completely and to resist any separation.
Cohesion causes water to form a convex skin-like covering called surface tension.
Cohesion contributes to the transport of water against gravity.
Cohesion Describes how strongly a collection of parts belong together.
Cohesion is a big European word for all sorts of things that have nothing to do with cohesion.
Cohesion is a connection
Cohesion is a matter of shared values.
Cohesion is a property or characteristic of an individual module .
Cohesion is also plainly to be seen as the distinguishing feature of our present system, the second.
Cohesion is always a facade.
Cohesion is an equal opportunity employer.
Cohesion is at a loss.
Cohesion is caused by a difference in sex of formations.
Cohesion is easy to lose and hard to regain, especially once a unit routs.
Cohesion is forces.
Cohesion is given through the collective consciousness and collective memory.
Cohesion is greater for some liquids than adhesion, while for other liquids it is the reverse case.
Cohesion is growth.
Cohesion is sometimes difficult to understand and to develop.
Cohesion is the ability of molecules of the same kind to stick together.
Cohesion is the attraction between two or more polarized molecules of the same substance.
Cohesion is the attraction of like molecules to one another.
Cohesion is the attractive force between molecules of the same substance.
Cohesion is the attractive force between similar particles.
Cohesion is the commitment of soldiers to each other.
Cohesion is the degree of functional relatedness of processing elements with a single module.
Cohesion is the degree of help, commitment, and support family members provide for one another.
Cohesion is the effect of hydrogen bonds holding the water molecules together.
Cohesion is the glue that holds small units together.
Cohesion is the mutual attraction of water molecules.
Cohesion is the pitfall here.
Cohesion is the process of water molecules being joined together in chains.
Cohesion is the property of water where water sticks to water.
Cohesion is usually smaller in liquids than in solids.
Cohesion is what makes a unit of military people work together for the common good.
Cohesion is willingness of the group to stay together.
Cohesion looks at the degree to which a method accomplishes one conceptual task.
Cohesion means something has the capacity to resist rupturing when placed under tension.
Cohesion means the water sticks to itself.
Cohesion occurs throughout the lifetimes.
Cohesion plays a bigger role in space.
Cohesion refers to the fact that water sticks to itself very easily.
Cohesive clay is usually a deterrent to road-building.
Cohesive failure occurs when the cement pulls away from itself.
Cohesive forces keep the drop from spreading out.
Cohesive groups express more satisfaction with the group experience.
Cohesive groups have a higher level of control and influence over the behavior of their members.
Cohesive groups provide support and commitment.
Cohesive markers are very important for writing a well-framed story.
Cohesive societies apply the same moral rules to the powerful and the weak.
Cohesive soil is hard to break up when dry, and exhibits significant cohesion when submerged.
Cohesive teams are effective teams.
A coho salmon is salmon
Coho salmon are found in the North Pacific Ocean.
Coho salmon are one of seven salmon species native to the Pacific Ocean.
Coho salmon are semelparous, meaning they give birth once and die.
Coho salmon are smaller and slimmer than the chinook salmon.
Coho salmon come from marine fisheries and fish farms.
Coho salmon has rich, reddish-orange meat and has been called one of the best tasting salmon.
Coho salmon have bellies.
Coho salmon have color.
Coho salmon have red color.
Coho salmon have sides.
Coho salmon have silvery sides.
Coho salmon have skin color.
Most coho salmon have bellies.
Most coho salmon have red color.
Most coho salmon have sides.
Most coho salmon have silvery sides.
Most coho salmon have skin color.
A coho is salmon
Coho are anadromous, and can adapt to live entirely in fresh water.
Coho are native to most of the Pacific rim.
Coho are one of the most aggressive biting salmon.
Coho are semelparous, and both male and female adults die soon after spawning.
Coho are smaller and slimmer then chinook.
Coho are successful opportunistic feeders .
Coho are swift, active fish.
Coho are the last of the salmon to spawn and the most acrobatic of the Pacific salmon.
Coho are very plentiful in the Spring and limit catches are possible.
Coho feed primarily on alewives, smelt, and other small fish.
Coho follow the same route as the chinook.
Coho fry live in rivers and streams for over a year.
Coho fry remain in streams for over a year.
Coho gives high yields of bright-red, very firm berries.
Coho has a finely textured flesh with rich pink color.
Coho has elements of both.
Coho have a longer body with a conical head.
Coho have black tongues, white gums and small irregular spots on the upper half of their tails.
Coho have the reputation, pound for pound, of being by far the best fighting salmon.
Coho inhabit the waters off the northwest coast of the U.S., British Columbia and Alaska.
Coho isa matter.
Coho love color.
Coho prefer open water, nearer the surface.
Coho require small head water tributaries.
Coho return to freshwater between the ages of three and four to spawn.
Coho return to their streams and spawn in the fall.
Coho salmon almost always rear in pools formed by large wood.
Coho salmon have silver sides and a deep blue back.
Coho salmon in offshore waters.
Coho salmon stocks, in particular, are intractable to most stock separation methods.
Coho seem to like blues, greens and yellows.
Coho spawn in gravel in freshwater rivers near the sea or far upstream.
Coho spend only one winter at sea, returning the next fall to spawn.
Coho still occur in Alaska as well.
Coho tend to hide, so it is advisable to look in pools and riffles and beneath exposed tree roots.
Coho vary in the amount of time they spend at sea.
Cohos are salmon.
Cohos eat fish.
Coho often take a bucktail fly which is trolled in the boat's wake.
Coho usually live for three years and grow rapidly in their final year.
All coho die after spawning.
All coho spend their first year of life in the stream where they are hatched.
Many coho salmon stocks are also in very poor condition.
Most coho fry feed on underwater insects and small fish.
Most coho salmon have color.
Most cohos eat fish.
Some coho salmon adults migrate from environments.
Some coho salmon adults migrate from marine environments.
Some coho salmon enter rivers.
Some coho salmon migrate a considerable distance into Interior rivers to spawn.
Some cohos have sides.
Cohort studies are expensive because for rare diseases a large sample is required.
Cohort studies are the best epidemiological studies.
Cohort studies are therefore observational, whereas clinical trials are experimental.
Cohort studies can be prospective or retrospective.
Cohort studies can measure frequencies as well.
Cohort studies can only detect large differences.
Cohort studies collect information about the epidemic without coercion.
Cohort studies provide little evidence that vitamin supplements are associated with cancer.
Cohort studies show similar results.
Cohort studies take a lot of time and are very expensive.
Cohort study See prospective study.
Some cohort studies measure mortality, others measure incidence of disease.
A cohort is a band
Cohort includes students who eventually transfer or withdraw.
Cohort is crucial for boys.
Cohorts are an essential component of the accelerated learning process.
Cohorts are companies.
Cohorts are individuals who have birth years in the same generation.
Cohorts are part of legion.
Cohorts are sets.
Cohorts are simply people participating in an experience together.
Cohorts are small groups of students who take all of their classes together.
Cohorts are subsets of populations composed of individuals of similar age.
Cohorts begin every eight weeks.
Cohorts begin in the fall.
Cohorts begin spring and summer terms and take four sequential terms to complete.
Cohorts begin with a required one-week orientation session on the college campus.
Cohorts can also decide to meet jointly with another cohort or with both other cohorts.
Cohorts can be either singly or jointly sponsored.
Cohorts form quickly and can be of almost any size.
Cohorts help our faculty, too.
Cohorts outlines the characteristics of study participants.
Cohorts provide the context for the analysis of social, economic, and cultural changes.
Cohorts refers to a group of students who remain together in more than one class.
Cohorts start each semester.
Cohorts start in Spring semester each academic year.
Cohorts start in the Spring semester each academic year.
Every cohort has an advisor assigned to the group to provide advice and support.
Some cohorts have student teachers prepare a weekly growth plan based on areas needing improvement.
A cohosh is a poisonous plant
Cohosh is a traditional American Indian cure for menstrual pain and menopausal discomfort.
A coiffure is hair
Coiffures are still very high.
Coil appearance is enhanced to a bright metallic sheen with minimal surface etching.
Coil coating saves the finished-goods manufacturer both money and regulatory worries.
Coil intestines carry waste.
Coil lock keeps wire binding from snaggin clothes.
Coil pots are the easiest to make.
Coil spring is spring
Coil spring is spring.
Coil springs add depth and comfort but require adequate space.
Coil springs are at all four corners and antiroll bars are at each end.
Coil springs are at each corner.
Coil springs are way livelier than an elastomer setup.
Coil springs can be cylindrical or barrel-shaped.
Coil springs give it support, and the whole setup does well to isolate all but the largest bumps.
Coil springs have many automotive applications but are particularly important as suspension springs.
Coil springs provide better handling on and off road and enormous suspension travel.
Coil springs support both ends while only the front features an anti-roll bar.
Coil springs support both front and rear, while an anti-roll bar is available only up front.
Coil springs support the twist beam rear suspension.
Coil stamps are stamps issued in rolls for use in vending machines.
Coil stamps are stamps made for use in vending or affixing machines and are sold in rolls.
Coil stamps have two straight edges on opposite sides.
Coil tubes fill with liquids.
Coil wire is made of metal.
Coil wire is made of tungsten metal.
Most coil wire is made of metal.
Most coil wire is made of tungsten metal.
Coil zippers have a continuous coil that runs the length of the zipper.
Coil zippers have little plastic coils that are stitched onto the zipper tape.
A coil is a structure
COIL also couples well with the wide variety of materials used in nuclear facilities.
Coil binding can fold back flat, unlike plastic binding.
Coil binding is soft, round coils often used for music books.
Coil catheter inside gloved hand and remove gloves.
COIL cuts carbon steel and stainless steel at approximately the same rate.
Coil exist between Here and Here.
COIL is amorphous.
COIL is any flat metal sheet or strip that is rolled or wound in concentric rings.
COIL is compulsion.
Coil join on graphite-lined stamp.
Coil setup really hard to adjust, btw.
Coil springs around each valve resemble fists.
Coil turns tester.
Coils also require extra attention.
Coils are also flexible so they absorb shock while shedding dirt or mud.
Coils are available in bipolar or unipolar configurations.
Coils are carefully wound and heat treated for optimum stability and over temperature capability.
Coils are continuous fin and are completely flushable.
Coils are contraceptives.
Coils are first.
Coils are important to a point.
Coils are located in baths.
Coils are located in cars.
Coils are located in circuits.
Coils are located in electric motors.
Coils are located in engines.
Coils are located in refrigerators.
Coils are located in ships.
Coils are located in spring.
Coils are located in television.
Coils are pre-wound.
Coils are reactors.
Coils are round shapes.
Coils are safe when lowering a bell, since there is no risk of the bell going over the balance.
Coils are shapes.
Coils are structures.
Coils are transformers.
Coils are tubes.
Coils are used for hair.
Coils are used for hose.
Coils are used for ropes.
Coils are used for snakes.
Coils are used for wire.
Coils can be wound for any DC voltage.
Coils can make or break a crystal set.
Coils come in a range of colours and sizes.
Coils come with coupling nuts, rubber grommets and metal ferrules.
Coils create a magnetic field as the car speeds past.
Coils drop ship from the manufacturer for better freight costs.
Coils reach customers by way of truck, rail and barge.
Coils retain their firmness and shape irrespective of temperature changes and handling.
Coils sit on poly urethane skids and saddles to protect steel from foreign objects on the floor.
Coils wound on an iron core gave no indication at all.
Coils wound on plastic or paper gave slight current indications.
All coils are pre-wound.
All coils are then factory tested for compliance with the corresponding specifications.
All coils have headers of the same material as tubing and are of welded construction.
Any coil charged with an electrical current generates an electromagnetic field.
Most coils have perforations only on two sides and straight edges on the other two sides.
Most coils originate in either China or Japan.
Coiled arteries constrict intermittently.
Coiled Baskets Learn how to create fiber coiled baskets and see cultural examples.
Coiled basketry involves sewing or stitching unlike other types of baskets that are woven.
Coiled bodies are non-capsular nuclear bodies that appear to be composed of coiled fibrils.
Most coiled bodies disassemble prior to or during mitosis.
Coiled coils are examples of such modules.
Coiled coils consist of two or more alpha-helices interacting to form a supercoil.
Coiled cords have three problems.
Coiled snake is more frightening than one sprung.
Coiled tubules have four ciliated tract, one in neck, two in body and one in terminal duct.
Coilings are convergence.
Coilings are forging.
A coin bank is a container
Coin banks remain available for all who want to help.
Coin changers are available near the copiers, and copycards allow discount photocopying.
A coin collecting is a collection
Coin collecting can be a business.
Coin collecting can be a very rewarding experience.
Coin collecting can be an art form.
Coin collecting can even be a topic of conversation.
Coin collecting has standards for describing the condition of coins.
Coin collecting is a fascinating and fun past time.
Coin collecting is a really great hobby.
Coin collecting is a very old hobby.
Coin collecting is a wonderful hobby that has been popular over many generations.
Coin collecting is habit forming.
Coin collecting is like bowling and golf.
Coin collecting is neat.
A coin collector is a collector
Coin collectors are everywhere.
Coin collectors can do the same for their coin collections.
Coin collectors can have some change jingling in their pocket for a pretty penny.
Coin collectors can often find old coins which have been made into buttons.
Every coin collector strives for a complete collection.
Coin dealers pay wholesale prices.
Coin hoards found in Azerbaijan attest to the vigorous international trade of the area.
Coin laundries are perfect examples of passive-income generators.
Coin laundries have a relatively simple formula for success.
Coin laundries thrive in periods of both growth and recession.
Coin magic uses the same fundamental principles of psychology, that all magic teaches.
Coin mechanism is full or has coin jam.
Coin purse is high quality leather with absolutely darling detailing.
Coin shooting is an activity enjoyed by thousands of people all over the world.
Coin silver is another common alloy of silver.
Coin silver is silver
A coin slot is a slot
Coin slot is in the top of drum, removable slot in the back of drum.
Coin toss decides which team kicks first.
Coin toss is located here as well.
Coin appears to be rather thick and somewhat oval, elongated from side to side.
Coin belong Pain over any heart without the eighteen.
Coin catalogs offering thousands of numismatic items, Free numismatic catalogs. .
Coin catalogs offering thousands of numismatic items, Free numismatic catalogs.
Coin catches off the arm.
Coin collecting Coin collecting can be profitable and fun.
Coin come in various sizes.
Coin comes in a plastic case inside a felt black box with hinged back.
Coin happen either nike running shoes about stream.
Coin has (part) sections.
Coin is a quarter.
Coin is cash.
Coin is currency
Coin is in mint state condition.
Coin is located in banks.
Coin is located in buses.
Coin is located in cabinets.
Coin is located in carpets.
Coin is located in desks.
Coin is located in drawers.
Coin is located in fountains.
Coin is located in ground.
Coin is located in jars.
Coin is located in parking meters.
Coin is located in purses.
Coin is located in streets.
Coin is located in wallets.
Coin is located in water fountains.
Coin is money.
Coin is perpendicular to the blade.
Coin is tokens.
Coin is used for flippings.
Coin is used for small change.
Coin is used for spending.
Coin isa coinage.
Coin scramble for the children.
Coin toss - An axle from tip to tip on the ground.
Coin toss between the two.
Coin toss by tournament official.
Coin toss for home team.
Coin toss to determine kick-off.
Coin undergoes a weight check too.
Coin wipe beyond most fist still view herbal medication.
Coins also carry symbols themselves.
Coins appear, disappear and penetrate through the box.
Coins appear, vanish, or penetrate through the box.
Coins are a daily reminder of the values of a society.
Coins are a form of money.
Coins are a long term investment, with the best gains coming over a period of five years or more.
Coins are a pain in the neck.
Coins are a popular item, easily produced, and relatively inexpensive.
Coins are a wonderful long-term investment when purchased correctly.
Coins are after all written documents.
Coins are also flawed.
Coins are an instrument to facilitate commerce.
Coins are availabe-the most popular sellers are silver dollars and commerative quarters.
Coins are available from all the major grading services.
Coins are available in a wide variety of sizes and are legal tender bullion coins.
Coins are available in one, five, ten, and twenty-five cent pieces.
Coins are available on a first come first served basis.
Coins are brilliant and uncirculated.
Coins are complete with protective cases and certificate of authenticity.
Coins are currency.
Coins are easy to separate because of varying sizes, thicknesses and edges.
Coins are few and far between.
Coins are generally graded according to the following guidlines.
Coins are good to collect as well, and finally it does no harm to have the greater bulk of cards.
Coins are hard to improve and easy to ruin while in the hands of modern collectors.
Coins are heavy.
Coins are historians.
Coins are important for two reasons.
Coins are in the same denominations as in the United States.
Coins are like ideas.
Coins are made from different metals.
Coins are messier.
Coins are metal and are either silver or copper-colored.
Coins are more durable, thus more economical in the long run, and are more hygienic.
Coins are no exception.
Coins are obviously a far greater logistical problem than notes.
Coins are one of the most durable manufactured artefacts produced by civilisation.
Coins are only a medium of exchange unless they have a story to tell.
Coins are perhaps one of the most important evidences for students of history.
Coins are pieces of metal of pre-determined value used to facilitate commerce and represent wealth.
Coins are subject to prior sale.
Coins are symbols of value and usefulness.
Coins are symbols.
Coins are the biggest problem.
Coins are the commonest ingested foreign bodies.
Coins are the suit of wealth, good fortune, and the merchant class.
Coins are uniform in size.
Coins are useful because they're gold coins.
Coins build client retention.
Coins can be game clues, also.
Coins clatter on the counter.
Coins confirm that antedating was common.
Coins consist of five, ten, twenty, fifty centimes, and one franc, five franc, and ten franc pieces.
Coins constitute a major source of information for the history of ancient India.
Coins contain nickel.
Coins count as toward class total and bills subtract from total.
Coins depicting animals is one of the most popular themes, especially among young collectors.
Coins exist without fully engrailed edges for all years.
Coins extend back to biblical times.
Coins fall from the sky and bounce all around the screen.
Coins go in the left slot, and tickets and bills go in the right.
Coins go through table.
Coins have a commercial lifespan of at least thirty years and are collected for generations.
Coins honoring the first seven states are already in circulation.
Coins imply an incidental intimacy between strangers of city.
Coins increase in size and weight with value.
Coins is a programming paradigm that can fulfill that promise.
Coins issued by Monaco have legal tender only there.
Coins leave the mint in several ways.
Coins level up with repeated use, increasing the power and range of the spells they contain.
Coins litter the seabed.
Coins litter the wheel and a pair of dice await a throw.
Coins make great gifts.
Coins make great props for some of the very best dad tricks.
Coins make memorable and valuable gifts, are easy to store, easy to transport, and anonymous.
Coins make up about nine percent of the currency in the United States today.
Coins make up denominations smaller than the dollar.
Coins melt through brass and even vanish in the spectator's hands.
Coins minted in Charlotte are among the world's most valuable.
Coins owe their success above all to their design and their quality.
Coins penetrate, one at a time, through the center of a handkerchief.
Coins play role as a supplementary of the expenses.
Coins produce holes in our pockets.
Coins produced by the United States mint fall basically into the following categories.
Coins protect and enhance portfolio values.
Coins provide a different story.
Coins provide another evidence of what once existed.
Coins provide tangible links to the past.
Coins rain from the night sky.
Coins ring in a steady chorus along the bar.
Coins See coins.xls for the results of our in-class coin flipping experiment.
Coins serve historians as markers of time.
Coins shrink and vanish.
Coins symbolizing wealth and prosperity, fruits and special meals are present as well.
Coins taste better than fish.
Coins tumble and quickly reach terminal velocity.
Coins undergo a similar process.
Coins upto the value of Rs.
Coins Use caution in selecting items to avoid a choking hazard.
Coins Welcome to our shop.
Coins When using commodity money, quality is a big issue.
Coins work better in vending machines.
Coins work well.
Coins often bear heraldic motifs.
Coins usually bear images while stories are full of symbolic imagery.
All coins are available for immediate delivery, but subject to prior sale.
All coins are copper unless noted.
All coins are in fine to extra fine condition.
All coins are in G condition.
All coins are in original condition, some are completely brilliant, others have light toning.
All coins are in original sizes.
All coins are in there original United States Mint packaging.
All coins are in VG or better condition.
All coins are legal tender in Australia.
All coins are one of a kind.
All coins are silver or gold, including the pennies.
All coins are subject to availability upon ordering.
All coins are subject to prior sale.
All coins are to be attractive specimens for their issue, certified or uncertified.
All coins are, however, guaranteed genuine without time limit.
All coins carry a lifetime guarantee to authenticity.
All coins come tightly sealed in a plastic protective case.
All coins come with a certificate of authenticity.
All coins have a protruding edging on both sides.
Any coin showing the eyes on the portrait is better than average.
Every coin goes to support grants for mission and ministry.
Every coin has a number on one side and a word on the other side.
Every coin has two sides and the same is true of any story.
Every coin has two sides.
Every coin is stamped with the image of the king, the monarch who declares the measures of value.
Every coin is used to support grants for mission and ministry.
Every coin is used to support grants for missions and ministry.
Every coin seems to land in a completely different place, often far apart.
Many coins also have the designer's initials hidden somewhere in the design.
Many coins bring exceptional prices while many others bring very ordinary prices.
Many coins can have the same type and be stored in the same museum.
Many coins contain nickel.
Many coins exhibit parts of the original designs and legends.
Many coins have a bullion value determined by the value of the precious metals it contains.
Many coins have high resolution photographs available for viewing at our site.
Many coins have their denominations listed e.g. denarius, tetradrachm, or antoninianus.
Many coins lack an exergue.
More coins are harder to count.
More coins means more weight.
Most coins are available for immediate delivery, but subject to prior sale.
Most coins are fair to good.
Most coins are in original packages with certificates.
Most coins do sell pretty close to the estimated value.
Most coins pass through the body with no problems.
Most coins sell at discounts from their catalog values.
Most coins shown are twice actual size.
Some coins are at least somewhat valuable in any form because of their overall rarity.
Some coins are extremely valuable.
Some coins are in such bad condition that they demand very little if any above face value.
Some coins are special for some reason.
Some coins are very difficult case studies.
Some coins bear several marks.
Some coins have all the luck.
Some coins have light toning, all have gorgeous cartwheel luster.
Some coins now have photos.
Some coins show a branch with cornucopia or cadeuceus.
Some coins use nickel silver.
Coinage isa criterion.
Coinage isa standard.
Coincidence counting make it insensitive to synchrotron radiation.
A coincidence is an accident
Coincidence can be a very powerful thing.
Coincidence is sentimentality.
Coincidence isa happening.
Coincidence isa occurrence.
Coincidence leads several young men to an oasis in the middle of nowhere.
Coincidence leads workers to unmarked grave at a construction site.
Coincidence plays an almost supernatural role.
Coincidence plays plays fast and loose with the characters and every action calls for a reaction.
Coincidences abound - everything is connected and everything is disconnected.
Coincidences are a spiritual sort of pun.
Coincidences are accidents.
Coincidences are everywhere and can happen any time.
Coincidences are positions.
Coincidences are spiritual puns.
Coincidences are the bread and butter of Mexico.
Coincidences are the substance of everyday life, but they can ruin a novel.
Coincidences do happen in medicine all the time though.
Coincidences happen every day.
Coincidences happen to everyone.
Coincidences have great importance.
Coincidences have importance.
Coincidences lead to causes.
Coincidences lead to lead causes.
Coincidences make for convenient plot points.
Coincidences occur in most lives.
Coincidences seem contrived and false when they're used to help the character.
All coincidences are meaningful.
All coincidences point in the same exciting direction.
Any Coincidence Is . . .
Any coincidence is purely coincidence.
Every coincidence is a blessing.
Every coincidence is no coincidence but a secret government plot to hide the truth.
Most coincidences have great importance.
Most coincidences have importance.
Most coincidences lead to causes.
Most coincidences lead to lead causes.
Coincident index is released with leading index.
Coincident indicators tell what the economy is doing.
Coincident lines have dependent equations.
Coincident signal appears yellow.
Coincident techniques provide good sound field location, and work well with smaller ensembles.
Coincidental reinforcement seems to play an important role in superstitious behavior.
Coined terms are the strongest trademarks from a legal standpoint.
A coinsurance is insurance
All coinsurance is after contract year deductible - unless otherwise noted.
A coir is fiber
Coir comes from the outer husk of the coconut.
Coisogenic strains arise from a spontaneous mutation.
Coital difficulty requires appropriate investigations and treatment.
Coital lock is common in copulating dogs.
Coition intensifies the desire and is followed by no relief.
Coition is sex
Coke bottle handle.
Coke bottles are just such a case.
Coke machines are also available in both places.
Coke ovens produce the material used in blast furnaces to convert iron ore to iron.
Coke plants produce coke from coal, using coke oven batteries.
Coke absorbs more light in the blue end of the spectrum than in the green and red areas.
Coke brands itself through television, retail stores, vending machines, billboards, the Web, etc.
Coke fuels the process of making molten iron from iron ore in the blast furnace.
Coke is beverages.
Coke is cocaine.
Coke is fossil fuel.
Coke is fuel
Coke is fuel.
Coke is located in bars.
Coke is located in cans.
Coke is located in movies.
Coke is located in theaters.
Coke is organic matter.
Coke is soda.
Coke is soft drinks.
Coke looks and feels rather like black popcorn.
Coke names new HR head.
Coke ovens directly across the river.
Coke recycles for the future.
Coke shrugs off the criticism.
Coke slips in both measures.
Coke works out exclusivity arrangements and joint marketing agreements with restaurant chains.
Cokes are a major source of earnings.
Cokes are all the same.
Cokes are the only other mosquitoes found throughout the range of EE in the United States.
Cokes consist of binder and filler phases.
A col is a pass
Cols are saddle-shaped gaps between horns.
Cols sum up Greek letter cap.
Cola drinks do an excellent job of melting teeth.
Cola drinks make our bodies poor in oxygen.
A cola nut is a nut
Cola nuts are brilliant.
COLA changes retroactivity date.
Cola contains acid.
Cola contains caffeine.
Cola contains phosphoric acid, which binds with magnesium.
Cola contains phosphoric acid.
COLA is a drug free and equal opportunity employer.
COLA is a nationally recognized, clinical laboratory accreditation organization.
Cola is a soft drink
Cola is easy to drink.
COLA is huge and has the structure of a college.
Cola is life.
Cola is located in fridges.
Cola is made of carbonated water.
Cola is native to West Africa where it has been used for a long time.
Cola is no boon for bones, study says.
Cola is plants.
Cola is soft drinks.
COLA is specifically interested in figures for organic beef.
COLA is still undetermined.
Cola isa beverage.
Cola leads off.
COLA needs a professional to assist laboratories in meeting standards for excellence.
Cola stains Use white vinegar.
COLA takes an active role in the protection and advancement of artists rights.
Cola works well in sweet foods like congealed salads and desserts.
COLAs are extra payments, added on to match inflation.
COLAs are semester-based, but can be continuously renewed from semester to semester.
Colas contain the ingredients of clear soft drinks, with the addition of caffeine .
COLAs help protect pay against inflation and are applied semi-annually to basic pay.
Colas thinks for a minute, then reaches for the phone.
Any cola is acceptable, but always have diet cola for diabetics.
Most cola contains acid.
Most cola contains caffeine.
A colander is a strainer
Colander is based on the notion of logical constraint grammars, expressed in a Prolog-like language.
Colanders are the water filtration of noodle cooking.
A colchicine is medicine
Colchicine acts by decreasing inflammation in an acute attack.
Colchicine can be toxic when ingested, inhaled, or absorbed in the eyes.
Colchicine can lower body temperature, especially in the elderly.
Colchicine disrupts the spindle apparatus.
Colchicine inhibits microtubule formation while taxol stabilizes microtubules.
Colchicine inhibits spindle formation, and prevents separation of chromosomes at anaphase.
Colchicine interferes with microtubule assembly-hence arrests chromosome movement in mitosis.
Colchicine is effective in controlling chronic cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis.
Colchicine is to be used only by the patient for whom it is prescribed.
Colchicine passes into breast milk.
Colchicines are analgesic.
Colchicines are drugs.
Colchicines are medicine.
COLD access is now a simple click away.
Cold acclimation increases tolerance of fall dormant alfalfa to subsequent freezing temperatures.
Cold agglutinins are negative.
Cold agglutinins cause agglutination of the red cells as the blood cools.
Cold air becomes thicker and falls, and warm air becomes thinner and goes up.
Cold air blows in around the sash because they have to be loose enough to operate.
Cold air brings on headaches, rheumatism, neuralgia of chest, spine and ovaries, vertigo.
Cold air brings on the head pains.
Cold air can aggravate respiratory difficulties.
Cold air can be very irritating.
Cold air can cause blood pressure to go up, especially when skin is exposed.
Cold air can enter the collector through holes, and warm air can escape through outside surfaces.
Cold air can hold a lot less moisture than warm air, so the moisure condenses into a visible cloud.
Cold air can hold more water vapor than warm air.
Cold air can leak in at the bottom of the windows, and at the top where the two windows meet.
Cold air can push hot air up because hot air is less dense .
Cold air can push hot air up because hot air is less dense.
Cold air can seep in where cables and wires enter a house.
Cold air can seep into a house through unsealed spaces.
Cold air can trigger asthma.
Cold air comes roaring down from the north, flooding the previously overheated Northern Hemisphere.
Cold air contains less moisture than warm air.
Cold air creates pressure.
Cold air creates wind.
Cold air entering the fire-box door is another source of flue trouble.
Cold air enters rooms.
Cold air falls in cold areas, travels to warm areas, and rises.
Cold air falls into the sink and flows away to the outside.
Cold air falls off the inside of a window, just like rain falls off the outside.
Cold air falls, keeping the food on the bottom as cool as the stuff on the top.
Cold air flowing through the engine compartment cools the engine too much.
Cold air flows downhill, so if possible plant cherry trees on or near the top of hillsides.
Cold air flows downward from the ice compartment and cools the food on the shelves below.
Cold air flows into swales, and ridgetops provide positive air movement in the summer.
Cold air flows like water, down hills and through canyons.
Cold air formed at the poles is deflected to form polar easterly winds.
Cold air goes down, warm air rises.
Cold air has a very low moisture-holding capacity.
Cold air has effects.
Cold air has less water vapor than warm air.
Cold air has less water.
Cold air has low moisture content.
Cold air has pressure.
Cold air holds less moisture than temperate air.
Cold air holds less moisture than warm air.
Cold air holds moisture.
Cold air is another common cause of defoliation.
Cold air is blown in at the bottom, and flue dust and gases come out the top.
Cold air is blown into the envelope with a powered fan.
Cold air is blown over the wax surface so that a solid layer is formed.
Cold air is dense so it is able to quickly plow a warm air mass ahead of it.
Cold air is dense, heavy air that results in less efficient scent dispersal.
Cold air is denser and pushes down harder.
Cold air is denser than warm air, and tends to sink.
Cold air is denser than warm air.
Cold air is denser, tends to barrel into warm air like a bulldozer.
Cold air is drier.
Cold air is heavier than hot air and falls, keeping all of the packed food cold and safe.
Cold air is heavier than warm air and behaves like water.
Cold air is heavier than warm air.
Cold air is heavier then warm air.
Cold air is heavier.
Cold air is inhaled and warm air exhaled.
Cold air is less capable of holding moisture before it reaches the saturation point.
Cold air is located in freezers.
Cold air is located in refrigerators.
Cold air is more dense than warm air and a cold front moves faster than a warm front.
Cold air is more dense than warm air, i.e., it weighs more.
Cold air is more dense than warm air.
Cold air is more dense than warmer air and collects in some of the mountain valleys.
Cold air is more dense.
Cold air is much denser than warm air and, consequently, is heavier.
Cold air is said to have a high pressure.
Cold air is to the left of the thermal wind.
Cold air is trapped near the ground by a layer of warm air.
Cold air means crystal clear skies for aurora viewing.
Cold air means extremely low humidity.
Cold air needs to circulate freely in order to keep foods cold.
Cold air presses down on the earth with a greater pressure than warm air.
Cold air rises from the holes.
Cold air seems to dry the skin even more.
Cold air takes up less space than warm air.
Cold air tends to hit higher elevations, such as hilltops, and low valleys first.
Cold air travels like water, flowing down and away from sloping land.
Cold air weighs more than warm air, so the pressure of cold air is greater.
Most cold air creates pressure.
Most cold air creates wind.
Most cold air has effects.
Most cold air has pressure.
Most cold air holds moisture.
Much cold air gets in, resulting in higher heating bills.
Some cold air affects breathe patterns.
Some cold air causes vapor.
Some cold air causes water vapor.
Some cold air creates humidity.
Some cold air creates saturate humidity.
Some cold air creates significant snowfall.
Some cold air creates snowfall.
Some cold air has protection.
Cold appetizers cost in the low teens.
Cold appetizers provide contrasts in crunch, tang and lightness.
Cold apples taste much better.
Cold application numbs the affected area, which can reduce pain and tenderness.
Cold applications ameliorate.
Cold applications are what are needed in frost bites.
Cold applications bring relief to both the pain and swelling.
Cold applications help reduce swelling, as well.
Cold areas appear brighter on an infrared image than the earth s surface.
Many cold areas are underlain by permanently frozen ground called permafrost .
Cold baths can help, too.
Cold bathing is of great advantage to health.
Cold batteries are incapable of giving enough power.
Cold batteries resist being charged - require a longer than normal charging time.
Cold bearings are indeed slightly stiffer to turn.
Cold beer is available on demand.
Cold beer is fed by gravity directly from vats over the bar area.
Cold beer is great.
Cold beer is the ideal beverage go-with.
Cold beverages are available from the lunch room vending machines.
Cold blast arrives late week.
Cold blood returns from feet.
Cold blood returns to hearts.
Cold blood returns to mammalian hearts.
Cold boot is ok.
Cold boot produces the same dmesg except for the kue difference mentioned above.
Cold boot provides a full reset similar to power-on reset.
Cold box is insulated with perlite for minimizing cold losses and reducing power consumption.
Cold branches clasp a few forgotten leaves.
Cold butter is symbolized by the cool toned colors.
Cold calls are all about creativity.
Cold calls can generate leads to sell products.
Cold calls is probably the most gruesome way to generate business.
Most cold calls fail miserably.
Some cold callers wait before turning up the heat.
Cold canvass is now much more widely practiced than it used to be.
Cold cart is crappy wood.
Cold cash is cash
COLD CASH is easy to play.
Cold cash plays footsie with pure and warm desires.
Cold cast resin has natural sheen.
Cold cast resin has sheen.
A cold cathode is a cathode
Cold cathode is best.
A cold cereal is a cereal
Cold cereal is available daily as an alternate to the breakfast menu.
Cold cereal makes for a fast, easy, and inexpensive meal or a quick and easy snack .
Cold cereals are cereals.
Cold cereals are different.
Cold cereals come prepared.
Cold cheese is easier to shred and slice.
Cold chills occur when someone is deeply affected by music, video, speech, or recollection.
A cold chisel is a chisel
Cold chisels are tools that can be used for chipping or cutting metal or wood.
Cold classrooms are a common complaint of law students at most law schools.
Cold climates cause stomach aches.
Cold climates require inside access to the stalls.
Some cold climates prevent growth.
Some cold climates prevent tree growth.
Cold clouds exist at or below freezing.
Some cold clouds contain only supercooled water.
Cold coffee works too.
Cold coffees are very popular.
Cold colors indicate low gravity, warm colors indicate high gravity.
Cold colors signify higher average velocities, while warm colors signify lower velocities.
Cold comfort is better than none.
Cold comfort is consolation
Cold compresses are prepared and used in the same way except use ice water or ice cubes in flannel.
Cold compresses can also temporarily hide veins.
Cold compresses can be effective for short-term relief of itching.
Cold compresses can help minimize the swelling and reduce pain.
Cold compresses can help relieve itching.
Cold compresses can relieve some of the discomfort.
Cold compresses help prevent swelling.
Cold compresses help to reduce circulation near the sting.
Cold compresses used nightly to harden the throat is very good.
Cold condemnation is more powerful than flames.
Cold conditions are often very dry conditions.
Cold conditions can also lead to fatigue since the body uses energy to keep warm.
Cold conditions can greatly aggravate a crusting problem, causing even more leafing underground.
Cold conditions can produce adults which are dark grey.
Cold conditions require heating indoors.
Cold conditions slow the rate at which they develop.
Cold conditioning imparts a clean, round taste.
Cold conditioning is required.
Cold conditioning is to be recommended, particularly to bind high carbonation rates.
Cold cracks occur mostly in the heat affected zone.
Cold cream is cream.
Cold cream is emollient
Cold cream is good.
Cold cream is very good.
Cold cream provides easy removal.
Cold creams can cause obstruction of oil glands and create new acne.
Cold currents flow in the opposite direction on the eastern sides.
Cold cuts are located in fridges.
Cold cuts are meat.
Cold cuts cost less per pound at the deli-counter.
Cold cuts made from turkey are regular menu items.
Most cold cuts are high in fat and sodium.
Cold cycles allow the primers to attach.
Cold damage darkens the fruit's skin.
Cold damage experienced in summer is serious in some years in northern Japan.
Cold damage is actually in the leaf tissue.
Cold damage is characterized by death of exposed foliage.
Cold days are a wonderful time for stealing away.
Cold days demand hearty, tummy-warming foods.
Cold deserts are covered with snow or ice.
Cold deserts have grasses and shrubs as dominant vegetation.
Cold deserts receive their precipitation as snow.
Some cold deserts have a short season of above-freezing temperatures.
Some cold deserts have features.
Cold diseases are insidious, unlike diseases created by wind.
Cold dishes are fresh and chilled.
COLD documents are also automatically indexed for effortless filing.
Cold drafts can bring on neck TPs.
Cold drafts can harm house plants.
Cold drawing gives the bar a bright, clean, uniform surface and increases the strength.
Cold drawings thro' back in evening.
Cold drink vending machines are available in some of the ward or reception areas.
Cold drinks aggravate, fat food aggravates, sour things aggravate, vinegar aggravates.
Cold drinks are also available at a low cost throughout the day.
Cold drinks are available in the concession machines on the ground floor.
Cold drinks are located in beachs.
Cold drinks are located in fridges.
Cold drinks are on sale.
Cold drinks are pleasant to the taste.
Cold drinks are very popular as the day goes on.
Cold drinks bring on symptoms.
Cold drinks can just aggravate the problem.
Any cold drink makes the swallowing muscle go into spasm.
Cold eddies form on the south side of the Gulf Stream.
Cold eggs are easier to separate than room temperature eggs.
Cold eggs produce inferior cakes.
Cold eggs separate more easily than room temperature ones.
Cold electricity presents a form of electric energy without electron flow, i.e. zero current.
Cold environments can chill the body or cause hypothermia.
Cold environments cause eggs to perish before hatching.
Cold ethanol helps the DNA to precipitate more quickly.
Cold event is associated with heavy kremt rainfall.
Cold events seem to be more strongly coupled to higher latitudes.
Cold exposure regulates the norepinephrine uptake transporter in rate brown adipose tissue.
Cold exposure regulates the renin-angiotensin system.
Cold expression is a far superior method for many oils.
Cold falafel makes a delicious sandwich.
Cold fat creates steam, thus flaky layers.
Cold fermentation enhance the clean, crisp flavors and finish.
Cold film can become brittle quickly in very low temperatures.
Cold film is brittle.
Cold finger is an anticontaminator.
A cold fish is a person
Cold fish goes great with salads, avocado and whole beetroot.
Cold fitting is the leveling of the hoof and shoe without heat.
Cold fixative is better than warm or room temperature fixative.
Cold flow permits conformal setting of the material under installation mounting pressure.
Any cold flu sending accurate and English, still surface seem none.
Cold fluid can overheat if heater operates at full power from start-up.
Cold fluid flows slower than hot and needs a large flow cross section to minimize pressure buildup.
Cold foam is much more rigid and less realistic, as is slip latex.
Cold foods are taxable.
Cold foods can give less of a sense of fullness than hot foods.
Some cold food reduces growth.
Cold feet are a result of two things.
Cold feet are an early sign of such diseases.
Cold feet are much less troubling if attributed to the trivial than if firmly grounded in reality.
Cold feet are often a biker's biggest complaint for winter riding.
Cold feet can benefit from installation of Hotronic boot heaters.
Cold foots are timidity.
Cold forging can be very fast.
Cold forging is an ancient technique for shaping metal.
Cold forging maintains the molecular integrity and grinding after heat treating.
Cold formula can cause stomach cramps.
A cold frame is protection
Cold frames are common in native gardens, but are limited by size.
Cold frames are easy to build and they help ease new plants into unpredictable spring weather.
Cold frames are protective covering.
Cold frames are sort of like a raised bed with a lid.
Cold frames can vary as much as their owners.
Cold frames insulate some crops in sheets of plastic.
Most cold frames face south, to admit as much light as possible.
A cold front is a front
Cold front begins to overtake warm front, developing an occluded front as warm air is pushed aloft.
Cold fronts affect weather.
Cold fronts are fronts.
Cold fronts are much more frequent and vigorous over southern Australia than elsewhere.
Cold fronts are often coloured blue.
Cold fronts are stronger in the fall and spring transition seasons and weakest during the summer.
Cold fronts bring in the rain.
Cold fronts bring lower temperatures and can create narrow bands of violent thunderstorms.
Cold fronts bring weather.
Cold fronts can also move up to twice as fast as warm fronts.
Cold fronts can cause air to rise as well.
Cold fronts can produce dramatic changes in the weather .
Cold fronts coming in over rice paddies north of Houston bring spores.
Cold fronts have a tendency to create tougher fishing conditions.
Cold fronts make fishing tough.
Cold fronts move fast, about twice as fast as a warm front.
Cold fronts occur when cold air moves into a region previously occupied by warm air.
Cold fronts ride down from Canada on a northwest wind.
Cold fronts slow down the fish metabolism in Japan as well as in Italy.
Cold fronts sweep down from the north, pushing boats south with strong northwest to northeast winds.
Cold fronts tend to be associated with the most violent weather among all types of fronts.
Cold fronts tend to move faster than all other types of fronts.
Cold fronts tend to move the farthest while maintaining their intensity.
Cold fronts trigger a defensive reaction in walleyes.
Most cold fronts affect weather.
Most cold fronts bring weather.
Some cold fronts affect countries.
Some cold fronts bring heavy thunderstorms.
Some cold fronts bring thunderstorms.
Some cold fronts have slopes.
Some cold fronts have steep slopes.
Cold fruit makes for a better drink.
Cold fusion flies in the face of physics and natural law.
Cold fusion is a perfect example of bogus science by press conference.
Cold fusion is alive and well in respected laboratories across the world.
Cold fusion is alive and well.
Cold fusion is an interesting challenge both to the experimentalists and to the theorists.
Cold fusion is another example.
Cold fusion is another.
Cold fusion is fusion.
Cold fusion is nuclear reaction
Cold fusion is one of the hardest things to explain.
Cold fusion is the Holy Grail of energy.
Cold fusion is the opposite of nuclear fission, without that messy radioactivity afterwards.
Cold fusion takes a licking, but keeps on ticking .
Cold gas can burn the skin as well as the lips and throat.
Cold gas provides the fuel for star formation.
Cold gel includes a localized cooling effect on the treated area.
Cold glaciers move much more slowly than warm glaciers.
Cold glaciers tend to move very slowly because there is no basal sliding.
Cold glue is acceptable, but duct tape works wonders.
Cold glue is acceptable.
Cold grounding is used for quick work and retouching.
Cold gusts batter our remote summit.
Cold hands are a sign of an overactive autonomic nervous system.
Cold hands are an early sign of chronic fight or flight storage in genetically susceptible people.
Cold hands can be a limiting factor for many divers scuba diving under the Antarctic ice.
Cold hands can be one sign of stress.
Cold hands do poor work.
Cold hands find a hearth.
Cold hands reflect tension.
Cold hands reveal a warm heart.
Cold hands start dropping balls.
Cold hands touch bottles.
Cold hands touch water bottles.
Most cold hands touch bottles.
Most cold hands touch water bottles.
Cold hardiness depends on the species.
Cold hardiness is a major factor in selecting varieties.
Cold hardiness is a major limiting factor for northern production.
Cold hardiness is also good.
Cold hardiness is also greater.
Cold hardiness is good.
Cold hardiness is initiated by decreasing daylength and temperature.
Cold hardiness is only one of the challenges to growing azaleas and rhododendrons.
Cold hardiness is reportedly good.
Cold hardiness is similar to apple and pear, therefore hardier than peach.
Cold hardiness is the ability to resist injury during exposure to low temperature.
Cold hearts are always slow to do and quick to criticize.
Cold homes can also promote the growth of fungi and numbers of house dust mites.
Cold hooters porn the pics.
Cold horses are at the other end of the temperament spectrum.
Cold housing can reduce the risk of infection, provided calves can be dry and draft-free.
Cold housing is adequate in most California conditions.
Cold hydrotherapy can be effective, even if it is short-lived.
Cold ice is stiff ice.
Cold infusion is good in highly colored or scalding urine.
Cold infusions result in a subtle, clean flavor.
Cold injury causes severe losses in wheat production and restricts varietal planting.
Cold injury is also a dehydration process.
Cold injury is defined as tissue damage produced by exposure to cold.
Cold injury is due, in part, to the effect of low temperatures on moisture in or on the body.
Cold injury is the killing by low temperature of some part of the vine.
Cold injury is very serious on cucumbers.
Cold injury tends to occur in passive, negative individuals.
Cold insulins cause lipodystrophy.
Cold intolerance is often an indication of a metabolic problem.
Cold iron breaks all magic.
Cold items appear hot and hot items cold.
Cold Joints Occur where two separate concrete pours come together.
Cold kills continue to happen on a less grand scale.
Cold kittens cry for attention, but quickly become hypothermic and can no longer cry.
Cold Lake has a reputation as one of the world's finest fighter training facilities.
Cold lamination is also possible.
Cold lamination is easier.
Cold leftovers are also delicious.
Cold letters have a very low response rate.
All cold lights dim at the edges.
Cold limits swelling, reduces pain and speeds healing.
Some cold liquids retain temperature.
Cold logic ignores intuition, and a demand for power bereft of charity leads to annihilating wars.
Cold love is like to words written on sand, Or to bubbles which on the water swim.
Cold maceration helps the extraction of dark red fruits, good grip and acidity.
Cold magma squirting on ground, it is the kind of magma that is very explosive.
Cold material is more dense.
Cold mathematics says that our only possible response is to increase the death rate accordingly.
Cold meat lights no fire.
Cold meatloaf makes an excellent sandwich when sliced and placed between slices of seeded rye bread.
Cold medication is a drug.
Some cold medications contain both an expectorant and a cough suppressant.
Cold medicine is located in drugstores.
Cold medicine is medicine
Cold medicine is medicine.
Cold medicines work by alleviating some of the symptoms of colds, such as runny nose or congestion.
Some cold medicines contain a fever reducer like the ingredient in Tylenol.
Cold milk can be very soothing.
Cold milk is added to a frothing pitcher.
Cold milk is also safer when qualified with spirits.
Cold milk is held in a container or pitcher under the steam jet.
Cold milk is rare in most countries.
Cold mix is less expensive, easier to use, and can be stockpiled.
Cold mixes perform well when gradation is controlled.
Cold molecules like to huddle together and bounce slowly.
Cold muscles are easily strained.
Cold muscles are more apt to strain and injury than warm ones.
Cold muscles are more prone to injury.
Cold muscles are more prone to tear during lifting.
Cold muscles are more vulnerable to injury.
Cold muscles feel tight and are more susceptible to injury, especially pulls and strains.
Cold muscles have a better chance of being injured.
Cold muscles take longer to stretch and flex.
Cold neutrons are especially useful for research on polymers and proteins.
Cold neutrons are particularly valuable for neutron scattering experiments.
Cold neutrons enter from the left through a focussing pyrolytic graphite monochromator.
Cold nights maintain the grapes' acidity.
Cold nights trigger the harvest of the much celebrated grape crop.
Cold nodules are more likely to be malignant.
Cold nodules demonstrate absence of activity.
Most cold nodules are benign.
Cold noses have warm hearts.
Cold numbers are just the opposite.
Cold numbers tell the essential facts of the fighting.
Cold objects are white and hot surfaces appear black.
Cold objects look red.
Cold oil is a better solvent for many gases and vapors than hot oil.
Cold oil is thick.
Cold ones are in the crisper.
Cold outbreaks are common early and late in the season.
Cold packs can numb a sore area and reduce inflammation.
Cold packs get cold when a salt mixes with water.
Cold packs numb the sore area and are especially effective for severe joint pain and swelling.
Cold packs numb the sore area and are especially good for severe joint pain and swelling.
Cold packs numb the sore area and reduce inflammation and swelling.
Cold packs used in sports are examples of chemical energy.
Cold pasta helps to thicken the sauce.
Cold pasteurization uses electron beam technology.
COLD People can be hot and cold.
Cold people tend to leave warm organizations.
Cold periods are generally short lived and are followed by warming trends.
Cold pitchers have less velocity and control of their pitches.
Cold pizza is considered a suitable breakfast food.
Cold pizza is yummy.
Cold plasma has indexes.
Cold plasma has refractive indexes.
Most cold plasma has indexes.
Most cold plasma has refractive indexes.
Cold plasmas allow for rapid decontamination of clothing, equipment or personal gear.
Cold preparations are equally valuable in nervous affections, and exert a mild tonic impression.
Cold presses works on pressure.
Cold processing allows for the highest content of pure plant and flower essences.
Cold processing is used to maximize and preserve enzyme activity.
Many cold products contain more than one medicine.
Cold proof has a powerful way of refuting a false opinion.
Cold protection is achieved by trapping ground heat.
Cold protection is essential for survival of young guava trees.
Cold protection is great for both.
Cold radiators means there's no heat.
Cold rain is really lousy weather.
Cold rain pelts the tent top.
Cold rain soaks the street.
Cold reading is never fun.
Cold reading is required at initial appointment.
Cold readings work in the sense that the client is typically satisfied with the results . . .
Cold receptors are also abundant in the cornea, but heat and touch receptors seem to be lacking.
Cold receptors report only cold, and warmth receptors only heat.
Cold reds taste more tannic and astringent.
Cold reduction is a forging operation.
Cold regions appear light gray and warm regions appear dark.
Cold regions impact on civil works.
Many cold remedies contain alcohol.
Some cold remedies combine echinacea with goldenseal, another herb with immune-enhancing properties.
Some cold remedies contain as much alcohol as wine.
COLD reports are text files that have been stored to optical platter.
Cold resistance is lost much faster than it is achieved.
Cold resistance protects normally, but fire resistance has no effect.
Cold rinses are effective.
Cold rinses leave loads wetter than warm rinses.
Most cold rooms are cold and dark and ideal for fungus growth.
Cold sake is severed in chilled bamboo cylinders, and an excellent wine selection is also available.
Cold sandwiches are good, prices are reasonable.
All cold sandwiches come with lettuce and tomato and mayo.
Cold sauces are also combined in Italy with hot main courses and even desserts.
Cold seawater is pumped up to the holding tanks from the ocean below.
Cold seawater rushes into the middle ear.
Cold sensitivity can be temporary.
Cold shock can complicate a rescue.
Cold shock causes loss of motility, sperm metabolic activity and fertilizing ability of sperm.
Cold showers are available at beach areas.
Cold showers are available at the pool during pool hrs.
Cold showers are free.
Cold showers are good because they stimulate our spirit and body.
Cold showers are good for boosting digestion, esp in the morning, as is general stress management.
Cold showers seem to be indicators of bad things to come.
Cold shrimp is chewy.
Cold slabs can damage wood and carpets if water and ice condense on the floor.
Cold slush is less favorable for the formation of life than a nice warm ocean.
Cold smoke produces the same emission pollutant particulate matter.
Cold smoking gets credit for the amberjack's wonderful flavor.
Cold smoking is another preservation technique which is kind of a chemical treatment.
Cold smoking is too involved, slow and cumbersome for most people.
Cold smoothies are so good in summer and can be so healthful.
A cold snap is a while
Cold snaps are bothersome to most, but for area farmers, they can prove to be financially damaging.
Cold snaps are very rare.
Cold snow becomes slicker, though, when it's packed down.
Cold soil can promote wilting by slowing root water uptake.
Cold soils are characteristic of taiga regions, which overlaps the zone of permafrost .
Cold soils are usually only a problem in heavy textured soils.
Cold sore is an infectious disease
Cold sores affect about half of the population in America each year.
Cold sores are actually a form of the herpes virus.
Cold sores are also a form of herpes.
Cold sores are also more likely to happen in women during their monthly menstrual periods.
Cold sores are common in young children.
Cold sores are contagious.
Cold sores are extremely contagious.
Cold sores are herpes when they reactivate.
Cold sores are infectious.
Cold sores are lesions that are caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Cold sores are small blisters around the mouth, caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Cold sores are small painful sores that appear inside the mouth or on the upper lip.
Cold sores are small red blisters that usually appear on the outside of the lip and mouth.
Cold sores are small, painful, fluid-filled blisters on the mouth or nose.
Cold sores can appear one at a time or in little bunches, and they are sometimes filled with fluid.
Cold sores can be painful.
Cold sores can occur in the mouth as well, and the can be passed from one person to another.
Cold sores can recur without any clear cause.
Cold sores clear up on their own after a week or so.
Cold sores develop as a result of a reactivation of latent herpes simplex virus.
Cold sores look ugly, but they soon go away.
Cold sores occur most often in adolescents and young adults, but they can occur at any age.
Most cold sores heal on their own in a few days without treatment.
Cold soup is a very tricky thing and it is the rare hostess who can carry it off.
Cold soups come in three different varieties.
Cold space is viewed during the rotation of the spacecraft to obtain a zero radiance reference.
A cold spell is a while
Cold spells are brief and never severe on the coast.
Cold spots appear light and indicate the bone absorbed less of the tracing element.
Cold spots are a problem with microwave cooking.
Cold spots are indications that a ghost is near.
Cold spots are worrisome and take a bit more mixing.
Cold spots occur in the main lobby.
Cold spots result from uneven distribution of heat.
Cold Spring Call the police dept.
Cold stabilization is a technique too modern for our studies.
Cold standbys are usually much smaller than the primary production servers.
Cold start is under the control of the thermo- time switch.
Cold start means the receiver is started without any almanac or ephemeris data.
Cold starts are immediate and choke free, thanks to a well thought out fuel injection system.
Cold starts take about one minute, but hot starts take only eight seconds.
Cold steam is better than hot steam.
Cold steel meets cold hearts in America today.
Cold sterilization is the preservation of milk and cheese by treatment with hydrogen peroxide.
Cold storage hurts the texture of fruit.
Cold storage is a critical step in the forcing process.
Cold storage is also a problem that requires attention.
Cold storage is always highly preferred to ambient temperature.
Cold storage is available for small or large quantities of frozen goods at competitive rates.
Cold storage is essential to maintain the attractiveness of the lures.
Cold storage is located in freezers.
Cold storage is located in grocery stores.
Cold storage is located in laboratories.
Cold storage is located in refrigerators.
Cold storage is located in restaurants.
Cold storage is located in warehouses.
Cold storage is storage
Cold storage is storage.
Cold storage is the most practical method of damage prevention for furs.
Cold storage is the only way to optimize acetate film stability.
Cold storage is used for preservation.
Cold storage remains a challenge in Beijing and, to a lesser extent, in Shanghai.
Cold storage slows deterioration more, especially for color dye images.
Cold stratification involves keeping the seed in a cold place for a specified period.
Cold stratification is required to trigger seed germination.
Cold stratification simulates the effect of winter weather on the seeds.
Cold streams provide trout.
Cold stress affects conversions in a linear manner.
Cold stress can cause drowsiness and difficulty speaking or moving.
Cold stress can cause mastitis, an udder disease, and also cattle death.
Cold stress is a condition similar to frostbite.
Cold stress is handled in the same fashion.
Cold sufferers are most contagious to others a.
Cold surface water gets evaporation.
Cold surfaces can cause water vapor in the air to cool down, condense and form tiny beads of liquid.
Cold sweat dampens the soul's frail casing.
Cold sweat flows.
Cold sweat is a condition
Cold sweat is part of fear.
Cold sweats Use sage from a health food store.
Cold symptoms act like cold.
Cold symptoms are due to virus infections.
Cold symptoms are generally worse the first three or four days.
Cold symptoms are likely to stay in the head and neck.
Cold symptoms are often the same.
Cold symptoms are probably the result of the body's immune response to the viral invasion.
Cold symptoms are unusually severe or associated with a high fever.
Cold symptoms can include fever, sore throat, and aches and pains, as well as allergy symptoms.
Cold symptoms can result from exposure to one of the six excesses, namely excessive cold.
Cold symptoms caused by the virus occur primarily in young horses.
Cold symptoms develop gradually and are relatively mild.
Cold symptoms do follow a pattern.
Cold symptoms tend to be mild, and build up slowly .
Most cold symptoms are a result of the body's attempt to rid the system of the viral infection.
COLD systems can handle volumes ranging from a few thousand to tens of millions of pages per month.
Cold tablets are always available.
Cold tea is the traditional liquor substitute used on movie sets.
Cold temperature accompanies blizzards.
Cold temperature can mask flavor and sweetness.
Cold temperature encourages development.
Cold temperature increases the viscosity of the lubricants used in the bearing systems.
Cold temperature limits distribution.
Cold temperature ranges from degrees.
Cold temperature reduces growth.
Cold temperature shortens battery life.
Cold temperatures add to the risks.
Cold temperatures allow methane clouds to condense in the highest layers of the atmosphere.
Cold temperatures alter the fruit's flavor and stop the ripening process.
Cold temperatures are almost a certainty.
Cold temperatures are blue and hot temperatures are red.
Cold temperatures are ideal for storing batteries.
Cold temperatures are key to maintaining post-harvest quality.
Cold temperatures are much less of a problem unless they are extreme.
Cold temperatures are suitable to the formation of molecules.
Cold temperatures are their biggest enemy.
Cold temperatures can also cause browning of the flowers.
Cold temperatures can be a serious threat to the health of manatees.
Cold temperatures can cause chilling or even freeze damage to houseplants.
Cold temperatures can cause frostbite, hypothermia, and, if prolonged, death.
Cold temperatures can cause skin disorders or frostbite in some people.
Cold temperatures can cause the water to freeze causing damage.
Cold temperatures can damage most bedding plants, tropical plants, holiday plants and houseplants.
Cold temperatures can decrease the amount of overwintering inoculum.
Cold temperatures can hasten the process, but only by up to a week.
Cold temperatures can kill flower buds carried through the winter.
Cold temperatures can quickly lead to dehydration, so carry some water.
Cold temperatures can reduce dexterity and sensitivity of the hands.
Cold temperatures can reek havoc on chapter houses, primarily water pipes and heating systems.
Cold temperatures can zap the life out of batteries.
Cold temperatures cause both the wood and varnish finish to contract and crack.
Cold temperatures cause honey to crystallize.
Cold temperatures cause reactions to proceed so quickly that metabolism becomes unbalanced.b.
Cold temperatures cause the skin's blood vessels to constrict in an effort to conserve body heat.
Cold temperatures cause tomatoes to lose their flavor and change in texture.
Cold temperatures continue to limit growth of all cool season forages.
Cold temperatures continue to slow plant growth and bean development.
Cold temperatures convert the starch into sugar which affects the flavor.
Cold temperatures correspond to high changes in pressure from one level to another.
Cold temperatures decrease resistance and increase voltage.
Cold temperatures destroy flavor and stop the ripening process.
Cold temperatures diminish the voltage output of batteries.
Cold temperatures don t appear to bother many Boulder residents.
Cold temperatures encourage granulation.
Cold temperatures have little effect on the installation.
Cold temperatures have the opposite effect.
Cold temperatures help food stay fresh longer.
Cold temperatures increase the pig's energy requirements.
Cold temperatures keep food fresh and inhibit the growth of most bacteria.
Cold temperatures keep most harmful bacteria from growing and multiplying.
Cold temperatures keep the most harmful contaminants from multiplying as rapidly.
Cold temperatures kill both the adults and the larvae of the species.
Cold temperatures make for tighter, less flexible muscles.
Cold temperatures make it harder for an engine to work properly.
Cold temperatures make it much more difficult to coat and wet-out surfaces with epoxy.
Cold temperatures make shingles brittle so they break easier.
Cold temperatures make the body less flexible, so stretching is vital.
Cold temperatures make the midsoles harder and less cushiony.
Cold temperatures permit slow growth of some bacteria that cause spoilage.
Cold temperatures present a problem when present with other risk factors.
Cold temperatures prevent bacteria from multiplying.
Cold temperatures prevent triallate from changing to a gas form.
Cold temperatures reduce battery strength.
Cold temperatures reduce nerve transmission of painful symptoms and provide temporary relief.
Cold temperatures reduce the survival of corn flea beetles.
Cold temperatures result when the gasses are compressed and heated, then expanded and cooled.
Cold temperatures seem to slow down their system.
Cold temperatures slow down the natural breakdown of cyanide into other less toxic compounds.
Cold temperatures slow down the reaction rate and also help avoid over-nitration.
Cold temperatures slow the growth of bacteria.
Cold temperatures slow the transition of triallate into the gas form.
Cold temperatures take their toll on plants.
Cold temperatures take their toll on vehicle batteries.
Cold temperatures tend to produce males and warm temperatures yield females.
Cold temperatures wring the humidity out of the air.
Most cold temperature accompanies blizzards.
Most cold temperature encourages development.
Most cold temperature limits distribution.
Most cold temperature ranges from degrees.
Most cold temperature reduces growth.
Cold tenderness is the opposite of cold hardiness.
Cold testing turns out to be a less strenuous test.
Cold therapy can provide temporary relief from the heat, pain and swelling.
Cold therapy decreases swelling and reduces blood flow.
Cold therapy is a simple therapy that has many benefits.
Cold therapy is especially helpful in reducing inflammation and controlling pain.
Cold therapy numbs the nerves around the joint and helps to relieve inflammation.
Cold therapy reduces imflammation.
Cold therapy relieves ankle pain and swelling.
Cold therapy using ice has many applications.
Cold things are extremely sensitive.
Cold things are more dense than hot things.
Cold things create much distress in the region of the liver.
Cold things taste hot.
Cold tiredness is caused by riding in low temperatures and getting chilled.
Cold tolerance is only one essential attribute for mums to live through the winter.
Cold tolerance varies with specie of animal and stage of lactation.
Cold treatment modifies the photoperiodic flowering response of Lobelia x speciosa .
Cold treatment modifies the photoperiodic flowering response of Lobelia x speciosa.
Cold tube clears up with green liquid forming.
A cold turkey is a drug withdrawal
Cold turkey induces less suffering and creates a shorter period of withdrawal.
Cold turkey is a good way to kick but dangerous for a hard-core junkie.
Cold turkey is a recipe for disaster.
Cold turkey is best.
Cold turkey is one way.
Cold turkey is the best way to get out of a relationship.
Cold turkeys are expression.
Cold turkeys are singles.
Cold turkeys are withdrawals.
Cold urticaria develops in response to cold exposure.
Cold vinegar relieves sunburn.
Cold viruses are especially prevalent on doorknobs and keyboards.
Cold viruses are very contagious.
Cold viruses can live for an hour or more after a sneeze.
Cold viruses can remain infective even if they are outside the body for a few hours.
Cold viruses enter the body through any mucous membrane such as the eyes, nose, or mouth.
Cold viruses enter the body through the nasal mucus membranes.
Cold viruses find it easier to get a foothold in dry nasal membranes.
Cold viruses spread easily, most often by direct skin contact.
Cold viruses survive for only a few hours on inanimate objects.
Most cold viruses can live for several hours on any surface.
Cold war ends.
Cold war is antagonism
Cold war is brinkmanship and only posturing.
Cold war is conflict.
Cold war is gone.
Cold war is hostilities.
Cold War sits, an icy figure, in the back of a cart.
Cold washing is their only relief.
Cold water absorbs the fastest, and it is satisfying as a thirst quencher.
Cold water can also be a cause of spotting.
Cold water can also leach metals while standing in pipes.
Cold water can be very refreshing.
Cold water can cause a headache identical to that which is triggered by eating something cold.
Cold water can cause stomach upset in some people, so cool water is best.
Cold water can hold more air than warm water.
Cold water can hold more carbon dioxide in solution than warm water.
Cold water can hold more dissolved oxygen than warm water.
Cold water can hold more DO than warm water.
Cold water can hold more oxygen than warm water.
Cold water can hold more oxygen than warm.
Cold water can kill.
Cold water can only be as effective if the proper cleaning chemicals are also used.
Cold water can quickly numb the extremities.
Cold water can shock or even kill root hairs.
Cold water can shock tiny seedlings into oblivion.
Cold water carries more oxygen that warm, so as it rises it re-oxygenates the upper layers.
Cold water carries much more dissolved gas than warm water.
Cold water carries oxygen better than warmer spring waters, and it also minimizes algae growth.
Cold water causes damage.
Cold water causes stress and cold water standing in the crown causes crown rot and fungus.
Cold water causes the body's temperature to drop.
Cold water closes the pores of the skin possibly trapping contamination inside.
Cold water conducts heat from the body.
Cold water contains more nutrients than warm water.
Cold water cools the air above it, causing fog.
Cold water dilates the blood vessels, causing the heart to pump harder.
Cold water does nothing and too hot of water made the balloon do funny things.
Cold water enters the first pipe.
Cold water enters the rotor chamber at the center.
Cold water enters the tank at the bottom, and heated by the heat exchanger.
Cold water feed only.
Cold water flows progressively through the collector where it is heated by the sun.
Cold water gets evaporation.
Cold water gushing out of the ground to give birth to a river is an amazing sight to behold.
Cold water has a greater capacity of dissolving oxygen that warm water.
Cold water has a major role to play in the pleasuring grounds of the park as well.
Cold water has more carbon dioxide than warm water.
Cold water has more dissolved oxygen than warmer water.
Cold water has the opposite effect.
Cold water heats up when warm water is added because of the second law of thermodynamics.
Cold water helps keep the DNA intact during the extraction process.
Cold water helps the legs recover quicker - just like putting ice over an injury.
Cold water helps, then comes foundation and an airy-light loose powder that removes morning shine.
Cold water holds more dissolved oxygen than warm water.
Cold water holds more gas than does warm water.
Cold water holds more oxygen than warm water and water holds less oxygen at higher altitudes.
Cold water holds more oxygen than warm water.
Cold water holds more oxygen, and a greater variety of organisms.
Cold water holds more oxygen, for example, than hot water.
Cold water holds much more oxygen but the demand by organisms is lower.
Cold water hydrates the gelatin without letting it absorb too much liquid.
Cold water improves immunity.
Cold water is a message
Cold water is absorbed into the system more rapidly than warm water.
Cold water is absorbed more quickly into the system than warm water .
Cold water is absorbed more quickly into the system than warm water.
Cold water is absorbed out of the stomach and into the blood stream faster.
Cold water is added to the hot water stored in the tanks whenever hot water is removed.
Cold water is all it takes to dissolve Point Blue.
Cold water is also the enemy of manatee.
Cold water is available and grills, but no electricity.
Cold water is available for cooking and drinking, pressure water system, taps throughout campsite.
Cold water is available from the village power plant and pump station next door.
Cold water is available.
Cold water is best at cutting suds from clothing in the rinse cycle.
Cold water is best for macroinvertebrates.
Cold water is best for rinsing but avoid plunging warm glass into cold water.
Cold water is best to drink because it empties from the stomach and enters the blood quickly.
Cold water is best.
Cold water is better since it tends to stiffen it up somewhat.
Cold water is better.
Cold water is circulated through the heat exchanger by the circulating pump.
Cold water is dangerous enough.
Cold water is deadly.
Cold water is denser and therefor heavier than warm water.
Cold water is denser than hot water and it tends to sink.
Cold water is denser than hot water, because when water gets hot it expands.
Cold water is denser than warm water.
Cold water is excellent for rinsing all loads, regardless of the washing temperature.
Cold water is fine for rinsing.
Cold water is fine.
Cold water is generally more dense than warm water, thus sinking and displacing warmer water.
Cold water is gentler on many types of delicate fabrics.
Cold water is guaranteed and water levels can vary greatly with the weather.
Cold water is hard.
Cold water is here in the spring time and Life Jackets are essential.
Cold water is important.
Cold water is introduced at the bottom fitting and exits through the top fitting.
Cold water is introduced into the solar collector panels.
Cold water is kept completely away from the skin and heat loss is limited.
Cold water is located in refrigerators.
Cold water is located in water fountains.
Cold water is mixed under pressure with air and sprayed into the below-freezing atmosphere.
Cold water is more Dense and therefore sinks.
Cold water is more dense than hot water.
Cold water is much denser than warm water.
Cold water is much more pleasing than hot water.
Cold water is okay, too.
Cold water is preferable.
Cold water is pumped down one well and hot water is pumped up the other well.
Cold water is pumped up to the solar panel, there it heats up and is transferred to a storage tank.
Cold water is recommended to prevent color bleeding.
Cold water is refreshing, warm water is therapeutic, but lukewarm water is good for nothing.
Cold water is spread over the ice to wash it, and a rag-like device soaks up the excess.
Cold water is sprinkled on the copper after casting to let it cool and congeal.
Cold water is stored on the roof and cold air air is blown under the raised floor.
Cold water is the best and most economical fluid to drink to keep a person hydrated.
Cold water is the best fluid for exercisers.
Cold water is the best immediate treatment for minor burns.
Cold water is the best.
Cold water is the drink of choice when kids are active in the heat.
Cold water is used for cooling, the cafeteria, the washrooms, and laboratory use.
Cold water is usually the best drink during warm weather exercise.
Cold water kills, and depending on the temperature, it can kill fast.
Cold water leaves the stomach far more quickly than room temperature water.
Cold water limits blood loss from the easily damaged small blood vessels.
Cold water makes redfish look for something warmer.
Cold water provided in drinking fountains is also a factor in energy consumption.
Cold water reduces pain of pressure or inflammation.
Cold water removes heat.
Cold water Requires a cold water detergent to get clothes clean.
Cold water requires more energy to boil than hot water.
Cold water running through the suit can rapidly drain heat from a caver, inducing hypothermia.
Cold water rushes through a narrow canyon, shady and thick with green vegetation.
Cold water saves energy and solidifies grease, which can be ground up and flushed away.
Cold water seems to tone up the paralytic condition.
Cold water seeps down the channel on to very hot rocks.
Cold water sinks off Greenland, circulates in a complex worldwide pattern.
Cold water slows development while warm water speeds development.
Cold water stimulates the nerves close to the surface of the skin and is rejuvenating.
Cold water Stir all ingredients together over low heat.
Cold water tastes better than warm water.
Cold water wash only.
Cold water Wash the butter, pat and fold until no water flies.
Cold water washes a small boy.
Cold waters can hold much more dissolved oxygen than warm waters.
Cold waters keep drinks chilled on the warmest days.
All cold water flowing through the pipe to the kitchen is filtered.
Most cold water causes damage.
Most cold water gets evaporation.
Most cold water removes heat.
Some cold water boosts metabolism.
Some cold water reduces productivity.
A cold wave is a wave
Cold waves are waves.
Cold waves can cause death and injury for animals , people and livestock .
Cold waves can cause death and injury for animals, people and livestock.
Cold waves launch.
Cold waves occur when arctic air, originating in the Yukon Territory, moves southward.
Cold wax involves wax bonded to strips of paper and is best for smaller, downier areas.
Cold wax is harder to scrape.
Cold waxes are available in precoated strips which can be pressed directly onto the skin.
Cold waxes work similarly to hot waxes.
Cold waxes work similarly.
Cold weather accentuates the sound.
Cold weather affects areas.
Cold weather affects battery efficiency.
Cold weather aggravates the high altitude effects.
Cold weather breaks down the growth inhibiting hormones and allows the tree to break dormancy.
Cold weather brings huge numbers of men, women and children to our shelter.
Cold weather brings on interesting color changes in many plants.
Cold weather brings on one of the busiest times of the year for firefighters.
Cold weather brings out their sweetness, especially if they remain in the ground during winter.
Cold weather brings thoughts of hibernation.
Cold weather can affect people with facial rosacea as well.
Cold weather can also impact energy requirements.
Cold weather can be deadly for pets.
Cold weather can be hard on pets, just like it can be hard on people.
Cold weather can cause it.
Cold weather can cause the plant to slow down or stunt it as well.
Cold weather can cloud and even gel any diesel fuel, including biodiesel.
Cold weather can compound battery problems.
Cold weather can delay the start of spring plant activity.
Cold weather can easily kill piranhas.
Cold weather can greatly extend the time required for the adhesive to cure with sufficient strength.
Cold weather can greatly extend the time required for the adhesive to cure.
Cold weather can have an effect on acne-prone skin.
Cold weather can kill as easily as a fall from a cliff.
Cold weather can kill even a new battery in just a few months.
Cold weather can kill flower buds.
Cold weather can kill manatees if it makes water temperatures too low.
Cold weather can lengthen the time up to several weeks.
Cold weather can make exercise more challenging.
Cold weather can make the nasal passages' lining drier and more vulnerable to viral infection.
Cold weather can present a lot of problems.
Cold weather can put extra stress on the heart and contribute to the hazards of over-exertion.
Cold weather can seriously affect soldiers' health and performance.
Cold weather causes a desire to drives.
Cold weather causes cold.
Cold weather causes colds and flu.
Cold weather causes colds.
Cold weather causes frostbite.
Cold weather causes no significant increase in protein requirements.
Cold weather causes the hair to stand up, trapping and retaining body heat.
Cold weather clots the blood, which can trigger a stroke or heart attack at any age.
Cold weather combined with moisture and warm temperatures make the roads susceptible to breakup.
Cold weather comes as a relief.
Cold weather dont hurt peas.
Cold weather freezes the ground and the track, limiting a runner's ability.
Cold weather has deterrent effects.
Cold weather has effects.
Cold weather has nothing to do with coming down with the flu.
Cold weather has nothing to do with getting a cold.
Cold weather has positive deterrent effects.
Cold weather has positive effects.
Cold weather helps preserve the meat for later use.
Cold weather increases consumption.
Cold weather increases core heating customer demand.
Cold weather indicates that it is time to issue the wintertime carbon monoxide health advisory.
Cold weather induces constipation, and warm weather diarrhea.
Cold weather is a bad time for people to have to choose between food and heat.
Cold weather is a common problem for growers, especially when winter comes around.
Cold weather is a relative term.
Cold weather is bad news for ozone.
Cold weather is common at high altitudes, and black ice quickly forms on rock surfaces.
Cold weather is equally bad, because moisture can form on the cue.
Cold weather is harsh.
Cold weather is here.
Cold weather is more damaging to marine and saltwater fish and other aquatic life.
Cold weather is more than a low air temperature.
Cold weather is no match for a husky's ability to stay warm.
Cold weather is no problem for fur-insulated camels, but the slippery footing was another matter.
Cold weather is no time to stop moving for health.
Cold weather is possible any time of the year, and snow has been recorded in nearly all months.
Cold weather is the number one killer of car batteries.
Cold weather is tough on batteries.
Cold weather is Vermont's specialty.
Cold weather is weather
Cold weather is weather.
Cold weather keeps Africanized bees out of most U.S. states.
Cold weather kills batteries.
Cold weather kills Texas' inshore fish by suffocation - they die from lack of oxygen.
Cold weather makes batteries sluggish.
Cold weather makes existing problems worse.
Cold weather makes plastic get harder.
Cold weather makes problems worse.
Cold weather makes the mercury contract and fall.
Cold weather makes the time between dives uncomfortable and drains the crew of energy.
Cold weather makes their batteries run down.
Cold weather makes tire pressure lower.
Cold weather means it's time again to crank up furnaces, fireplaces or space heaters.
Cold weather means taking more time to dress properly.
Cold weather paddling gear is available.
Cold weather presents more challenges for the athlete.
Cold weather prevents people in chillier regions of the country from growing bananas.
Cold weather puts a strain on the heart, even without exercise.
Cold weather puts a strain on the heart, even without exertion.
Cold weather puts an added strain on the heart.
Cold weather puts everyone's safety at risk.
Cold weather seems to stimulate everyone's appetite for heartier, more robust foods.
Cold weather seems to worsen the affects of altitude.
Cold weather slows shells down a bit.
Cold weather slows the rate at which concrete hardens.
Cold weather spells high heating demand and heavy gas usage.
Cold weather sucks the power right out of the batteries.
Cold weather takes places.
Cold weather threatens an orange grove.
Cold weather turns the leaves reddish purple too.
Cold weather works against the shooter in many ways.
Cold weather wreaks havoc on batteries.
Cold weather zaps the batteries intinally.
Cold weathers tend to give the goats pneumonia which often lead to death.
More cold weather is needed in Wisconsin to freeze wet fields and allow the harvest to finish.
Most cold weather affects areas.
Most cold weather has deterrent effects.
Most cold weather has effects.
Most cold weather has positive deterrent effects.
Most cold weather has positive effects.
Most cold weather takes places.
Some cold weather affects quality.
Some cold weather exacerbates problems.
Some cold weather leads to inflammation.
Cold wind blows, the chill moves to freeze a heart long since frozen a mind struggling to see.
Cold wind brings air.
Cold wind brings cold air.
Cold wind can sometimes have a bad effect on livestock.
Cold wind increases heat removal from the top of the ice.
Cold winds are about to blow.
Cold winds can tear at the stems and cause damage to root systems.
Cold winds follow employees in through entryways.
Cold winds offer relief from the mosquitoes and permit the caribou to rest and feed freely.
Cold winds yield to a warm South breeze.
Most cold wind brings air.
Most cold wind brings cold air.
Some cold wind causes snow.
Any cold window creates, in effect, a draft.
Cold winter temperature limits distribution.
Cold winter temperature reduces growth.
Cold winters can be quite good for hibernating insects because it means they hibernate properly.
Cold winters can damage or kill sensitive species.
Cold winters characterize most of the rest of Canada.
Cold winters provide the proper dormant stage, and cool nights make the fruit sweet.
Cold winters reduce beetle populations and limit disease development and spread.
Cold winters seem to be the only thing that can stop the opossum.
Cold winters shorten the range of some batteries.
Cold winters traumatize rye and increase the risk of ergot alkaloid formation.
Cold worlds shake from the oar.
Cold causes a desire to spit.
Cold causes shivers.
Cold is adjectives.
Cold is communicable diseases.
Cold is diseases.
Cold is located in freezers.
Cold is located in fridges.
Cold is located in space.
Cold is mild illnesses.
Cold is respiratory diseases.
Cold is sickness.
Cold is temperature
Cold is temperature.
Colds affect nearly everyone, but some cold virus infections have a subclinical course.
Colds are a common cause in children.
Colds are a common cause of hives in children.
Colds are a different story.
Colds are a fact of life.
Colds are a self-limited illness from which virtually all people recover in a few days.
Colds are also highly contagious, produce only mild symptoms, and goes away after a few days.
Colds are also.
Colds are an inevitable, unavoidable part of childhood.
Colds are another common illness for school children.
Colds are common in group tours and cough medicines are hard to find.
Colds are common in young children, and five or six colds a year are quite common.
Colds are common.
Colds are contagious.
Colds are frequent among young children.
Colds are highly contagious.
Colds are inflammations of the upper respiratory tract caused by a virus.
Colds are just the tip of the iceberg.
Colds are more frequent among the young and are more likely to occur during the winter months.
Colds are more head congestion, scratch throat, and dry cough that come on over a day or so.
Colds are more prevalent in winter than in summer.
Colds are most common during months when people tend to gather indoors.
Colds are one of the most common illnesses to affect people today.
Colds are one of the most frequent infections in childhood.
Colds are the most common illness among children.
Colds are the most prevalent infectious disease.
Colds are the order of the day.
Colds are the primary cause of absenteeism in schools and industry.
Colds are the result of infection in the upper respiratory tract, which causes inflammation.
Colds are ubiquitous around the world except in very isolated communities.
Colds are upper respiratory tract infections caused by one of many different viruses.
Colds are upper respiratory viral infections.
Colds are very common at the time of teething and, therefore, most people associate the two.
Colds are very contagious.
Colds are viral infections and vitamin C in large doses has antiviral characteristics .
Colds are viral infections that usually occur after exposure to someone else who is sick.
Colds are viral infections.
Colds begin slowly.
Colds can also produce sinus or ear infections.
Colds can also travel from one person to another via coughs and sneezes.
Colds can blow through the household and work setting like a blizzard.
Colds can last from two days to two weeks, but most people recover in a week.
Colds can lead to a middle ear infection.
Colds can occur at any time of the year and are of shorter duration.
Colds cause deafness.
Colds cause swelling and inflammation in the sinuses and eustachian tubes.
Colds come and go in less than two weeks.
Colds generally begin with a sore throat, runny nose, and sneezing.
Colds generally involve a fever, yellow mucus, and body aches.
Colds generally resolve within a week.
Colds go through a succession of symptoms.
Colds happen in the winter, earthquakes along fault lines, hurricaines in the ocean.
Colds last two weeks in children and one week in adults.
Colds occur throughout the year, but are most common in the late winter and early spring.
Colds pass more easily in large groups, and colds in young children can lead to middle ear fluid.
Colds recur frequently and resolve slowly.
Colds represent viral eye infections, some of which are extremely contagious.
Colds run their course.
Colds seem to present the biggest dilemma because they last so long.
Colds settle in the nose, throat, chest and ears.
Colds start gradually, while flu hits suddenly.
Colds suck syphilitic gorilla ass.
Colds tend to be more of a problem during the winter months.
Colds tend to disappear without a trace, after running their course from stuffy head to drippy nose.
Colds tend to last seven to ten days, while allergies can go on for weeks.
Colds travel upward or attack eyes.
Colds typically cause swollen glands, low-grade fever, sinus and nasal congestion, and watery eyes.
Colds often begin with a scratchy throat up behind the nose.
Colds often lead to ear infections.
Colds often lead to middle ear infections, which require antibiotics to treat.
Colds often starts with feeling tired, sneezing, coughing and a runny nose.
Colds sometimes go down into the throat and into the trachea, producing a bronchitis or pneumonia.
Colds sometimes travel down into the bronchial tubes and are attended with fever and rapid pulse.
Colds usually begin abruptly.
Colds usually begin with a sore throat, or turn into one somewhere along the way.
Colds usually come on slowly.
Colds usually last about a week.
Colds usually last for a few days, but symptoms can persist for weeks.
Every cold affects the joints.
Every cold seems threatening.
Every cold seems to affect the joints.
Every cold starts up additional trouble in the larynx, causing a laryngitis.
Most colds are highly contagious.
Most colds are relatively mild and only last for about a week.
Most colds go away on their own after about a week.
Most colds go away within a couple of weeks.
Most colds occur during the fall and winter.
Most colds occur in the fall and winter.
Most colds run their course in a few days.
Some colds end in coughs.
Some colds open the door to other illnesses.
Coldblooded reptiles are dependent on the environment for body heat.
Colder air holds less water.
Colder air replaces existing warmer air in a cold front situation.
Colder air rushes into the vacuum, creating winds.
Many colder countries consume more energy for heating than electrical power.
Much colder temperatures prevail at higher elevations.
Coldness comes between the two people.
Coldness comes paring down from the moonbone in the sky.
Coldness is key.
Coldness is temperature
Coldness is temperature.
Coldness isa cognition.
Coldness isa knowledge.
Coldness leads to strong fixed-location pain.
Cole County consists of eight subcounties.
Cole crops produce flower stalks.
Cole crops produce stalks.
All cole crops are frost tolerant.
Most cole crops produce flower stalks.
Most cole crops produce stalks.
Cole slaw is excellent.
Cole slaw is fresh and tangy.
Cole slaw is very good.
A cole is a cabbage
COLE is in bed.
Cole isa herb.
Coles attributes it to bad passing and players looking too quickly for their shots.
Coles believes the more private sector incentives, the better.
Coles bottleshop opens at nine the next morning.
Coles explains how parents, teachers and peers give shape to children's values.
Coles feels that service ought to be a critical component of higher education.
Coles finds secularism has existed throughout the centuries.
Coles has a sprained right thumb.
Coles have (part) cell membranes.
Coles have (part) cells.
Coles have (part) corpi.
Coles have (part) cytoplasm.
Coles have (part) nuclei.
Coles have (part) plasma membranes.
Coles have (part) sections.
Coles have (part) vacuoles.
Coles is a burner who is a raw as a receiver.
Coles is caught in the middle.
Coles is one mayor who can talk lucidly about the challenges of e-government.
Coles is run out of their backyard.
Coles misrepresents the word reading differences as levels of attainment rather than rate.
Coles picks up Kicking Tomorrow.
Coles plans to take the same approach to building Georgia s film and video industries.
Coles proposes that children, even infants, have the capacity to learn moral behavior.
Coles responds with great lyricism to the people and places of New Mexico and Alaska.
Coles seeks to show how literary giants anticipated twentieth century secular culture.
Coles sees a true partnership between business and government in the future.
Coles travels to Missouri to visit the kids behind the drawings.
Some coles have anatomies.
Most colectomy patients go on to live normal, active lives.
Coleman lanterns provide light at night.
Coleman strengths are fairly obvious.
Colemanite beds occupy the same stratigraphic position in both sections.
Coles island is in the background.
A coleus is a herb
Coleus are great annual bedding plants for Louisiana's landscapes.
Coleus are low maintenance plants and easy to grow.
Coleus are low-maintenance plants that are easy to grow.
Coleus comes a a wide range of leaf shapes and colors.
Coleus comes in all shapes and sizes with terrific texture and vibrant color.
Coleus develops rich colors if shaded from afternoon sun.
Coleus do very well from cuttings.
Coleus does well in the shade, as do begonias.
Coleus has many varieties in a range of exciting leaf shades.
Coleus is a colorful annual that can be grown from seeds as a houseplant.
Coleus is a plant that's simplicity itself to grow from seed.
Coleus is a shade-lover.
Coleus is also popular because it tolerates some shading.
Coleus is easy to grow from seed.
Coleus is generally free from side effects.
Coleus is highly susceptible.
Coleus is in.
Coleus is nature's answer to the crazy quilt.
Coleus is propagated by seed and cuttings.
Coleus is used in treatments to relieve glaucoma pressure within the eye.
Coleus makes a great houseplant.
Coleuses are annual plants.
Coleuses are herbs.
Coleus often show their best color when grown a little lean.
Most coleus grow fairly rapidly to their full summer size.
Colfax soils have a fragipan.
Coli bacillus are bacteria which exist even in healthy intestines.
Colic pain can have many causes.
Colic is pain
Most colic seems to appear in the evening hours.
Colicky babies appear to be suffering from abdominal pain.
Colicky babies are healthy.
Colicky babies cry more often than that, sometimes well in excess of four hours.
Colicky babies have a healthy sucking reflex and a good appetite.
Colicky babies like to be cuddled and handled.
Many colicky babies have digestive troubles such as gas or constipation.
Most colicky babies are good feeders with normal monthly weight gains.
Some colicky babies cry less if they are kept in motion.
Some colicky babies prefer to be carried.
Colicky pain is more prevalent in simple obstruction.
Colinear antennas have very high gain, but are rather large and limited to one band.
A coliphage is a phage
Coliphage are bacteriophage that infect and replicate in coliform bacteria.
Coliphages are bacteriophage.
Coliphages are bacteriophages that infect and replicate in coliform bacteria.
Coliphages are viral indicators of enteric pathogens in environmental samples.
Coliphages seem to be excellent alternate indicators of the biological quality of waters.
Coliscan media are available as individual test units or in kits.
A coliseum is a stadium
Coliseum is large, and has a wide selection.
Coliseum is on the left at end of off-ramp.
Collaborate researchers join researchers.
Collaboration diagrams are better for modelling a complex interaction or algorithm.
Collaboration diagrams are equivalent to sequence diagrams.
Collaboration diagrams depict the realization of behavior.
Collaboration software lets two or more remote users exchange information in real time.
Collaboration technologies negate the impacts of distance.
Collaboration technologies work both across layers and across layers of multiple systems.
Collaboration tools allow many users to provide input to projects.
Collaboration tools can also differ in how they're delivered to the customer.
Collaboration tools employ both methods to facilitate the business of working together online.
Collaboration tools enable people in different locations to talk or learn together.
Collaboration tools provide many possibilities for cooperative work on documents.
Collaboration tools streamline the document review process.
Collaboration allows for better accountability.
Collaboration allows participants to contribute, create and implement new strategies and solutions.
Collaboration allows the exchange of ideas and topics of research.
Collaboration also benefits consumers by making services easier to access and less fragmented.
Collaboration also comes from the Canadian and French space agencies, which share in observing time.
Collaboration also develops students' speaking and writing skills.
Collaboration also exposes people to different viewpoints.
Collaboration also gives the drug companies a way to market largely federally funded labs.
Collaboration also has a transformational aspect.
Collaboration also involves new forms of public-private partnerships.
Collaboration also involves the ability to communicate with others on the case in real-time.
Collaboration also involves the collection and organization of comments and ideas.
Collaboration also leads to curriculum integration that improves learning, educators say.
Collaboration also provides courts with the talents and energy of volunteers.
Collaboration also results in linking residents with other service providers.
Collaboration augments one's learning and illustrates the power of synergy.
Collaboration becomes an essential context for learning.
Collaboration becomes important acting as a potential factor which enhances the outcomes of program.
Collaboration Begins in Conversation.
Collaboration begins with the sharing of information.
Collaboration Being able to collaborate well with others requires certain qualities.
Collaboration breeds innovation.
Collaboration brings gains in an understanding of different perspectives and contexts.
Collaboration brings gains in shared writing and reflections.
Collaboration brings rewards.
Collaboration builds capacity in the community.
Collaboration builds research bridges for the future and underscores the quality of our work.
Collaboration builds strong bonds.
Collaboration builds trust.
Collaboration calls for a new conception of human relationships.
Collaboration can also be instrumental in reinforcing essential changes in school culture.
Collaboration can also include relevant seminars, conferences, and network meetings.
Collaboration can also involve more subtle variations of other teaching methods.
Collaboration can also take place via e-mail.
Collaboration can be a good thing.
Collaboration can be among learners and facilitators or among learners themselves.
Collaboration can be an effective strategy, particularly when resources are relatively scarce.
Collaboration can be between two students, a group of students, or a class as a whole.
Collaboration can be difficult in the increasingly competitive health care industry.
Collaboration can be wonderful and wearing.
Collaboration can carry the death sentence in Lebanon.
Collaboration can enhance learning.
Collaboration can enhance the amount of resources available to deliver services.
Collaboration can enhance the value of any single investment.
Collaboration can enlarge research and learning opportunities for both faculty and students.
Collaboration can enrich the student experience by creating learning communities.
Collaboration can happen directly or indirectly.
Collaboration can lead to personality clashes.
Collaboration can occur by mail, over phone lines, and in person.
Collaboration can occur in many ways, but it needs to happen.
Collaboration can occur in many ways.
Collaboration can occur within the following relationships.
Collaboration can occur, even between adversaries.
Collaboration can often solve previously irreconcilable and long-standing problems.
Collaboration can take many forms.
Collaboration can take various forms, for example, technology transfer or cooperative research.
Collaboration can tap reservoirs of energy, talent, and inspiration.
Collaboration carries with it a tension.
Collaboration causes progress.
Collaboration comes from unexpected and often unrecognized places.
Collaboration consists of mutual exchange of information and attendance at each other's meetings.
Collaboration consists of regular exchange of information and attendance at each other's meetings.
Collaboration consists of technical exchanges and, where appropriate, follow-up activities.
Collaboration continues in the state to explore models of curriculum articulation.
Collaboration continues outside the classroom in clubs, organizations and activities.
Collaboration continues to be a hallmark of our organization.
Collaboration covers e-mail, scheduling, and meeting planning.
Collaboration creates a shared meaning about a process, a product, or an event.
Collaboration creates an environment welcoming to new participants.
Collaboration creates synergy.
Collaboration demands flexibility and adaptation.
Collaboration depends upon cooperative feedback.
Collaboration describes how people work together.
Collaboration diagrams Collaboration diagrams are also interaction diagrams.
Collaboration does influence the end art product.
Collaboration drives parity in the channel and tends to generate self-sustained improvement.
Collaboration enjoys a long and enduring tradition in motion pictures.
Collaboration exists beyond the university as well.
Collaboration exists on many campuses already.
Collaboration extends across campus and across disciplines.
Collaboration Features Allows users to selectively grant read only access to their information.
Collaboration focuses individual efforts toward group objectives.
Collaboration fosters creative problem solving.
Collaboration gets most tasks accomplished more quickly than individual effort.
Collaboration gives users the use of application features.
Collaboration goes a long way and is very consistent with the mission of our university.
Collaboration goes beyond communication, cooperation and coordination.
Collaboration goes beyond sharing of information.
Collaboration goes further.
Collaboration grows organically out of faculty concerns about a particular course.
Collaboration grows out of shared needs and commitment to accomplish broad mutual goals.
Collaboration happens when people and organizations come together to achieve common goals.
Collaboration helps communities use various strategies and methods.
Collaboration helps doctors to lower costs, improve productivity, and improve patient satisfaction.
Collaboration helps resolve common issues.
Collaboration helps the entire community.
Collaboration implies an outcome that is mutually beneficial to the participants.
Collaboration implies cooperation, coordination and working for common goals.
Collaboration implies interdependence, an ongoing give and take.
Collaboration improves classes and labs and helps faculty see new perspectives.
Collaboration improves the quality of care.
Collaboration includes exchange of information and co-authoring of papers.
Collaboration includes major public and private organizations within the community.
Collaboration includes the different areas of health care that participate with each chapter.
Collaboration indicates mutual dependence.
Collaboration introduces organizational changes that penetrate an institution's structure.
Collaboration involves more intense, long-term efforts than do cooperation or coordination.
Collaboration involves trust, confidence and joint problem-solving.
Collaboration is a continuous cycle of thinking, doing, and learning collectively.
Collaboration is a core competence and a strategic imperative.
Collaboration is a creative, learning process.
Collaboration is a critical element of effective girl-centered programs.
Collaboration is a critical key to our children's success.
Collaboration is a crucial ingredient for education and teamwork.
Collaboration is a crucial part of the design process.
Collaboration is a developed skill and requires self-discipline and concentration.
Collaboration is a different way of approaching a dispute.
Collaboration is a failsafe way to ensure fresh ideas.
Collaboration is a finely tuned dance, where everyone involved is committed to a positive result.
Collaboration is a growing buzzword in health care.
Collaboration is a hallmark of professional development schools.
Collaboration is a key characteristic of our work.
Collaboration is a key competency needed in law practice.
Collaboration is a key component of successful project implementation.
Collaboration is a key part of the marketing group.
Collaboration is a key to cultural tourism.
Collaboration is a little bit like a bar.
Collaboration is a major factor in the print world, today.
Collaboration is a major service goal.
Collaboration is a much more prolonged and interdependent effort.
Collaboration is a multiplication of heads as well.
Collaboration is a necessary component of every ebusiness strategy.
Collaboration is a necessary component of every stage of the model.
Collaboration is a necessary ingredient for progress.
Collaboration is a necessary technique to master the unknown.
Collaboration is a necessity on both ends.
Collaboration is a necessity.
Collaboration is a new growth area that is stimulated the more it is practiced.
Collaboration is a new topic in the E-commerce part of the handbook.
Collaboration is a powerful way of leveraging resources.
Collaboration is a process of working toward mutual goals.
Collaboration is a rare style in higher education classrooms .
Collaboration is a rare style in higher education classrooms.
Collaboration is a requirement.
Collaboration is a social process centered on the sharing and production of knowledge.
Collaboration is a state of mind.
Collaboration is a two-way street.
Collaboration is a valuable way for educators to grow and support one another.
Collaboration is a violation of the Honor Code.
Collaboration is a waste of time, so let's call it cheating.
Collaboration is a win-win proposition.
Collaboration is a wonderful thing - set up some ground rules and keep things democratic.
Collaboration is a wonderful way to improve each other s writing skills.
Collaboration is about managing relationships, and managing relationships IS business.
Collaboration is about tension.
Collaboration is absolutely essential to compete successfully.
Collaboration is achieved when participants begin to build upon their knowledge and understanding.
Collaboration is aided by less rigid lines between fields too.
Collaboration is alive and well in Nebraska, bringing benefits to city and county agencies.
Collaboration is all-important.
Collaboration is almost certain in more than one play, too.
Collaboration is also a fertile ground for recruitment , particularly at the doctoral level.
Collaboration is also a key feature of the system.
Collaboration is also a part of successful services.
Collaboration is also a possibility.
Collaboration is also central to improving the overall site.
Collaboration is also popular in many college classrooms.
Collaboration is also useful when requesting funding for program startup or continuence.
Collaboration is always good.
Collaboration is always welcome, as is critical comment.
Collaboration is an alternative to the destructive and costly adversarial litigious process.
Collaboration is an emergent process.
Collaboration is an essential and valued component of nursing practice.
Collaboration is an essential component in all of the following program service components.
Collaboration is an essential part of becoming a teacher.
Collaboration is an essential part of professional development.
Collaboration is an essential part of the course.
Collaboration is an essential part of the process. . .
Collaboration is an essential theme of success.
Collaboration is an important component of our projects.
Collaboration is an important element in successful education.
Collaboration is an important part of assisting survivors.
Collaboration is an important part of business writing.
Collaboration is an important word in the vocabulary of the future of learning technology.
Collaboration is an intricate component of knowledge construction.
Collaboration is another value the leadership needs to encourage.
Collaboration is as important as competition.
Collaboration is at the heart of science.
Collaboration is at the heart of the web.
Collaboration is based on the idea that everyone has something to contribute.
Collaboration is begun between our two movements.
Collaboration is both healthy and essential to our survival.
Collaboration is built into the system.
Collaboration is by means of exchange of information and mutual attendance at meetings.
Collaboration is central to the art of Broca's Area.
Collaboration is central to the class.
Collaboration is completely irrelevant to the definition.
Collaboration is complex, and means a lot of hard work and willingness to put aside turf issues.
Collaboration is considered cheating.
Collaboration is cooperation
Collaboration is cooperation.
Collaboration is critical in building stronger chapters.
Collaboration is critical in today's networked economy.
Collaboration is critical to achieving air quality-improvement objectives.
Collaboration is critical.
Collaboration is crucial for ecosystem health.
Collaboration is crucial to developing both vision and mission statements.
Collaboration is crucial to the future of public school funding.
Collaboration is crucial.
Collaboration is defined as equal effort on the part of all students involved with the exercise.
Collaboration is departmental, faculty-wide, national and international.
Collaboration is destined to be a primary proficiency for the next millennium.
Collaboration is done via email.
Collaboration is easy, too.
Collaboration is encouraged in preparing lectures, making up exams, and reading papers.
Collaboration is encouraged on homework and labs.
Collaboration is encouraged to accomplish the research objectives in a timely manner.
Collaboration is encouraged within the context of discussing algorithms and general approaches.
Collaboration is encouraged, but no direct copying .
Collaboration is encouraged, but no direct copying.
Collaboration is encouraged, direct copying is forbidden.
Collaboration is encouraged.
Collaboration is essential in our work.
Collaboration is essential in such as diverse community.
Collaboration is essential in the process.
Collaboration is essential to achieving that goal.
Collaboration is essential to the success of the process, for a number of reasons.
Collaboration is essential to the success of the project.
Collaboration is essential.
Collaboration is everywhere.
Collaboration is evident in and between all five classroom.
Collaboration is evident in pieces like the oil lamps.
Collaboration is focused communication.
Collaboration is formalized in the assignment of teams.
Collaboration is fostered in many areas and at all levels and the larger community is better served.
Collaboration is greater, and participation in more equitable.
Collaboration is here to stay, but power sharing is always difficult.
Collaboration is imperative.
Collaboration is important and plays a central role in our decision-making process.
Collaboration is important but is under-emphasized.
Collaboration is important, but needs to be combined with other strategies.
Collaboration is important, but the fewer people meddling with the project the better.
Collaboration is important.
Collaboration is indispensable, but messy.
Collaboration is initiated directly from the receivables information screen.
Collaboration is key - learn how to create a learning community by becoming a learning community.
Collaboration is key .
Collaboration is key in an aggregated supply chain.
Collaboration is key in the classroom.
Collaboration is key to a successful production studio.
Collaboration is key to creating an effective Web site.
Collaboration is key to the success of the initiatives.
Collaboration is key.
Collaboration is king.
Collaboration is known by many names.
Collaboration is largely a function of leadership.
Collaboration is largely a social and organizational endeavor.
Collaboration is looser than most of the promotional pieces on it suggest.
Collaboration is made simple for dispersed employees.
Collaboration is mainly with agencies and universities.
Collaboration is maintained on the basis of bilateral agreements and mutual research projects.
Collaboration is mandated to maximize resources.
Collaboration is meaningless without the power to implement final decisions.
Collaboration is measured at both levels.
Collaboration is messy, frustrating and indispensable.
Collaboration is messy, frustrating, and indispensable.
Collaboration is more than teamwork, because it takes place outside of as well as within teams.
Collaboration is much more likely to get the desired result.
Collaboration is much more than a matter of respect.
Collaboration is natural within the structure and texture of our business.
Collaboration is necessary in when no one person has all the answers.
Collaboration is necessary.
Collaboration is needed to break down barriers and find solutions.
Collaboration is never easy.
Collaboration is no longer optional.
Collaboration is now international in scope.
Collaboration is now the shape of library instruction.
Collaboration is of the essence.
Collaboration is often a necessary element in addressing the breadth of skills required.
Collaboration is one avenue for effectively confronting the IT staffing challenge.
Collaboration is one of the best ways to build communities and families.
Collaboration is one of the most important advantages being discovered on the Internet.
Collaboration is one of the most rewarding yet most difficult ways to use the Internet as a tool.
Collaboration is one such comprehensive approach.
Collaboration is one way to quickly put research results into practice.
Collaboration is our internal watchword as well.
Collaboration is particularly important in advertising.
Collaboration is permitted and encouraged on homework assignments.
Collaboration is permitted on a conceptual level only.
Collaboration is permitted on the final project when approved in advance.
Collaboration is permitted only in using laboratory apparatus, and observing the sky.
Collaboration is permitted when working on lab exercises and assignments.
Collaboration is possible if appropriate.
Collaboration is possible with some projects and with some other research or standardisation bodies.
Collaboration is promoted by futurists as the way to work in the new millennium.
Collaboration is provided through standard Internet e-mail and forms technologies.
Collaboration is required for both advising and academic programming.
Collaboration is required for real educational reform.
Collaboration is required of each team member.
Collaboration is required.
Collaboration is seen as increasingly important in occupational health research.
Collaboration is sought with both suppliers and users in the industrial process industry.
Collaboration is still the key to systemic change.
Collaboration is substantively different than cooperation or coordination.
Collaboration is sustained through listservs and email in creating a learning community.
Collaboration is tantamount to weakness or manipulation.
Collaboration is the ability of components to manage their interactions in order to achieve a goal.
Collaboration is the act of collectively creating a shared mutual understanding.
Collaboration is the answer.
Collaboration is the basis of our creation process.
Collaboration is the best way to learn a language.
Collaboration is the best way to learn about new material.
Collaboration is the buzzword at the moment.
Collaboration is the central means by which persons engaged in a leadership relationship interact.
Collaboration is the core of business in the Internet economy.
Collaboration is the cornerstone to effective inclusive programs.
Collaboration is the difference between the two.
Collaboration is the essential lack in the psychopathic person.
Collaboration is the future Take the lead.
Collaboration is the future.
Collaboration is the goal.
Collaboration is the hallmark of our strategic approach.
Collaboration is the here and now in business.
Collaboration is the highest and best use of the Internet.
Collaboration is the key here.
Collaboration is the key in building a bright future for our young adolescents.
Collaboration is the key to a comprehensive plan of care.
Collaboration is the key to a successful presentation and paper.
Collaboration is the key to advancing without major and difficult agency reforms.
Collaboration is the key to all successful prevention efforts.
Collaboration is the key to an optimal patient care outcome.
Collaboration is the key to answer.
Collaboration is the key to creating changes and mending current health systems.
Collaboration is the key to developing a general understanding of ecosystems.
Collaboration is the key to integrating technology into organizations.
Collaboration is the key to offering effective services for youth.
Collaboration is the key to our team-oriented workplace.
Collaboration is the key to sharing valuable information and resources on what works best.
Collaboration is the key to success.
Collaboration is the key to successful partnerships.
Collaboration is the key to successful research.
Collaboration is the key to such processes.
Collaboration is the key word.
Collaboration is the key, both across institutions and between different professions.
Collaboration is the key, both in our goals as well as our means.
Collaboration is the key, says one director.
Collaboration is the key.
Collaboration is the keystone of management.
Collaboration is the means by which professionals create shared value.
Collaboration is the most advanced form of collegiality.
Collaboration is the most serious crime it is possible to commit under military occupation.
Collaboration is the name of the game.
Collaboration is the new watchword as organizations combine to provide integrated services.
Collaboration is the next level beyond plain old communications.
Collaboration is the norm.
Collaboration is the normal mode of operation in the department.
Collaboration is the only possibility.
Collaboration is the only way.
Collaboration is the opposite of avoiding and competing.
Collaboration is the perfect complement for transformation.
Collaboration is the primary means of empowering others and self through trust.
Collaboration is the primary method of teaching and developing leadership.
Collaboration is the process of working together and sharing in decision-making.
Collaboration is the secret to future growth and success.
Collaboration is the sixth stage.
Collaboration is the soul of culture, but the system divides people.
Collaboration is the ultimate key for successful implementation.
Collaboration is the way to go.
Collaboration is the work done by the participants.
Collaboration is to accomplish a shared vision and consensus used in shared decision making.
Collaboration is to be done by using internet course site.
Collaboration is to work together with a mutual sharing of thought and ideas.
Collaboration is under way in a variety of common research fields.
Collaboration is very important to creativity.
Collaboration is vital and encouraged.
Collaboration is vital for effective transformation, responsibility, and community building.
Collaboration is vital to the success of any undertaking.
Collaboration is welcome in any form.
Collaboration is welcome.
Collaboration is welcomed.
Collaboration is what it's all about.
Collaboration is, therefore, a key to infusing information into the learning construct.
Collaboration leads to conversation which results in clarification of ideas.
Collaboration leads to improved performance, quality and job satisfaction.
Collaboration leads to more reliable knowledge.
Collaboration leverages the focus and specialized capabilities of the partners.
Collaboration make take a variety of forms from informal, occasional exchanges to mergers.
Collaboration makes collective intelligence work.
Collaboration maximizes resources.
Collaboration means conspiring with the enemy.
Collaboration means joint ownership of decisions.
Collaboration means more bang for the buck.
Collaboration means never hoarding knowledge, but sharing it eagerly and generously.
Collaboration means students sometimes help select what they want evaluated.
Collaboration means that parents and schools work together for the best interest of the child.
Collaboration means time savings.
Collaboration means to work together by sharing ideas.
Collaboration means working together to accomplish a task.
Collaboration means working together.
Collaboration means working with other people, as opposed to working independently.
Collaboration means, working together to achieve a goal.
Collaboration mutually nourishes practice and investigation.
Collaboration needs to be attended to throughout the duration if the partnership is to survive.
Collaboration needs to be more practical.
Collaboration needs to occur at all stages and at all levels.
Collaboration never means absolute agreement.
Collaboration occurs at many levels.
Collaboration occurs between family, school, community, and agency officials.
Collaboration occurs regularly among students too.
Collaboration occurs when companies work together for mutual benefit.
Collaboration offers a middle ground between mediation and full adversarial litigation.
Collaboration offers an alternative to top-down policy development.
Collaboration offers an opportunity to reduce cost and increase benefits.
Collaboration offers the benefits of shared costs and technology, and less duplication of effort.
Collaboration probably works best when each partner is at about the same level of skill.
Collaboration produces better ideas and strategies through synergy.
Collaboration provides both courts and communities with new resources.
Collaboration provides more resources for everybody.
Collaboration refers to a process of working one with another.
Collaboration refers to the sharing of information, decision-making capacity, and responsibility.
Collaboration relies upon, and helps facilitate, clear and honest communication.
Collaboration remains a work in progress.
Collaboration remains hard.
Collaboration requires a belief in the value of people working together to address problems.
Collaboration requires a commitment of additional resources to the collaboration effort itself.
Collaboration requires flexible and adaptable process definition and management.
Collaboration requires input from everyone.
Collaboration requires joint responsibility and actions to accomplish professional tasks.
Collaboration requires open and frequent communications.
Collaboration requires resources.
Collaboration requires shared goals, derived during the partnership.
Collaboration requires straightforward negotiation about authorship arrangements.
Collaboration requires that each collaborator become expert in the shared field.
Collaboration rests upon the principle that each person has something to offer.
Collaboration rules the day.
Collaboration saves dollars Some nonprofits have collaborated to cut down on costs.
Collaboration seems natural.
Collaboration sounds simple and an obvious way forward.
Collaboration starts with teach-parent discussions centered on goals for children.
Collaboration Studying together is a good way to learn.
Collaboration Take advantage of the expertise of professionals beyond the library.
Collaboration takes more time, but the results can be spectacular.
Collaboration takes on many different looks.
Collaboration takes place between students, educators, administration, parents, and the community.
Collaboration takes place through a local network, e-mail or the Internet.
Collaboration takes that collective intelligence and makes it work together.
Collaboration takes the form of technical exchanges and cooperation in each other's activities.
Collaboration takes time and energy.
Collaboration takes time to develop.
Collaboration takes time.
Collaboration teaches method.
Collaboration thus extends and has potential benefits for teachers as well as students.
Collaboration ultimately leads to the handshake that seals a successful deal.
Collaboration undergirds the other key aspects.
Collaboration uses a centralized set of middleware to manage the movement of information.
Collaboration works .
Collaboration works best when the tradeoffs are unique and the incentives are high.
Collaboration yields better solutions, faster.
Collaborations also exist among labs across a variety of departments on campus.
Collaborations also exist between professional dance companies and public schools.
Collaborations also play an important role, particularly for medical applications.
Collaborations are a set of classes that interact to achieve a certain goal.
Collaborations are a vital component of our activities.
Collaborations are available to the local school district at no charge.
Collaborations are both cost-effective, and confidential.
Collaborations are but one level of possible community linkages.
Collaborations are common and almost any specialized technique or equipment can be found locally.
Collaborations are critical, with the police, schools and social service agencies all involved.
Collaborations are difficult.
Collaborations are effective for new teachers and teachers teaching out of field.
Collaborations are fun.
Collaborations are in process for using the software in the new media industry in New York City.
Collaborations are key.
Collaborations are long-term and focus on a wide variety of issues.
Collaborations are much more possible now because of the technology available.
Collaborations are much more work than solo novels.
Collaborations are ongoing.
Collaborations are possible.
Collaborations are very good.
Collaborations are welcome, in which case prize benefits are shared.
Collaborations are welcome.
Collaborations can also lead to additional venues for writers to perform.
Collaborations can be within a department or between departments.
Collaborations can be within one class, between classes, and between schools.
Collaborations can help pool the best ideas, and focus development efforts.
Collaborations can include classes in multiple schools if there is appropriate email connectivity.
Collaborations come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Collaborations evaluate policy development in two different areas.
Collaborations expand and reach diverse audiences, bring literary connections where none existed.
Collaborations form always a fruitful opportunity to accomplish more complex work.
Collaborations have a distinctly different definition.
Collaborations have to be abstract at the operational level.
Collaborations involve new relationships.
Collaborations jointly plan, implement, and evaluate the joint effort.
Collaborations linking organizations are Encouraged.
Collaborations only succeed as individuals trust each other.
Collaborations represent the implementation of patterns that make up the system.
Collaborations require compromise and commitment.
Collaborations require the commitment of organizations and their leaders.
Collaborations require the development of trust.
Collaborations save operating expenses.
Collaborations take form in diverse patterns.
Collaborations take hard work and evolve and develop over the life of the collaboration.
Collaborations tend to blend the voices.
Collaborations use connectors as agents to interact with specific packaged applications.
Collaborations Working together, innovators can achieve more than they can alone.
Collaboration often is a prerequisite for competitive research efforts.
Collaboration often plays a key role in the advancement of mathematics.
Collaboration often shortens the road to success.
Collaborations often have partners from both European and non-European countries.
Collaborations sometimes work, and often last for years.
Any collaboration is welcome.
Any collaboration requires mutual models.
Many collaborations exist with groups throughout the world for scientific analyses of the data.
Many collaborations produce exceptional results leading to publication in prominent journals.
Many collaborations take place entirely in email.
More collaboration is needed between township leaders and residents on community issues.
More collaborations are forthcoming.
Most collaborations never get off the ground.
Some collaborations are between veritable strangers discovered on a notice-board.
Some collaborations work better than others.
Some collaborations work very well and are maintained for years or decades.
Collaborative action does make a difference.
Collaborative activities abound.
Collaborative activities encourage students to think, reason and validate their findings.
Collaborative activities exist in cardiovascular pathology - diagnostic and experimental.
Collaborative activities focus on academic development and the cutaneous oncology programs.
Collaborative activities help science students build valuable problem-solving skills.
Collaborative activities requires the full participation of all involved.
Collaborative activity is at the heart of scientific research.
Collaborative adventures await.
Collaborative agents cooperate with other agents autonomously to carry out tasks for the user.
Collaborative agreements are an integral part of each demonstration project.
Collaborative agreements can create more efficient use of funds and resources.
Collaborative agreements establish the conditions of the working relationship.
Collaborative applications can address most key business processes in an enterprise.
Collaborative approach involves developers and end users.
Collaborative approaches allow organizations to do more with less.
Collaborative arrangements are necessary.
Collaborative Arrangements Describe all subcontracted work.
Collaborative art is, by nature, a series of compromises.
Collaborative artworks are eligible.
Collaborative assessment is the most controversial.
Collaborative assignments give students appreciation for the process of web application development.
Collaborative atmospheres are conducive for synergy of ideas, purpose and action.
Collaborative blogs build microcommunities by letting several people update the same blog.
Collaborative care is a four-phase management approach.
Collaborative classrooms seem to have four general characteristics.
Collaborative clients support shared data exploration among geographically distributed researchers.
Collaborative commerce can drive business-model velocity and revenues.
Collaborative commerce is the extension of core business processes beyond a company's four walls.
Collaborative culture focuses on growth.
Collaborative culture focuses on term growth.
Most collaborative culture focuses on growth.
Most collaborative culture focuses on term growth.
Collaborative decision making allows every staff member to take part in the total school program.
Collaborative decisions made by teacher and students' can give direction to the course.
Collaborative design is the future of the industry.
Collaborative development can manage customer expectations and meet development goals.
Collaborative development increases teacher commitment and identification with the program.
Collaborative development is supported through the locking of files and access control.
Collaborative discovery pinpoints tumors sensitive to chemotherapy.
Collaborative discussion is encouraged when completing homework and project assignments.
Collaborative discussions are somewhat time consuming.
Collaborative effort has to some extent displaced solitary pursuit.
Collaborative effort is permitted but independently written individual reports are required.
Collaborative effort is the answer.
Collaborative efforts are already underway in the community to prevent future devastation.
Collaborative efforts are critical to achieve optimal health outcomes for Milwaukee's children.
Collaborative efforts are essential to galvanizing leadership and increasing effectiveness.
Collaborative efforts are lucky.
Collaborative efforts are our specialty.
Collaborative efforts are the exception rather than the rule.
Collaborative efforts are underway with other bilateral and multilateral agencies.
Collaborative efforts are very positive.
Collaborative efforts are welcome.
Collaborative efforts enhance our abilities to access and to maintain collections.
Collaborative efforts fall in to one of two categories, infrastructure or information services.
Collaborative efforts hold such great promise.
Collaborative efforts involving behavioral measures and analytical neurochemistry are available.
Collaborative efforts vary across states, of course.
Any collaborative effort raises fears and entails risk.
Some collaborative effort involves universities.
Collaborative environments are rich resources for testing one s constructions.
Collaborative environments are the future of virtual reality.
Some collaborative environments lead to breakthroughs.
Some collaborative environments promote education.
Collaborative Experience Working in teams is more prevalent in today s workplace then ever before.
Collaborative filters help people make choices based on the opinions of other people.
Collaborative filters suggest links enjoyed by others in one's professional and social communities.
Collaborative forecasting allows a customer to pull material from the distributor's stock as needed.
Collaborative forecasting enables business to achieve a variety of benefits.
Collaborative governance is. . .
Collaborative groups continue to meet.
Collaborative groups help identify issues and opportunities.
Collaborative groups help with classroom and student management and assist student learning.
Collaborative initiatives continue to be developed.
Collaborative innovation is far more powerful than individual intelligence or personal invention.
Collaborative inquiry requires adequate and safe space.
Collaborative institutions have, at their heart, the pursuit of mutual advantage.
Many collaborative interactions exist between the research units and the department.
More collaborative investigations are in progress.
Collaborative laboratories are available with tools to answer a variety of questions.
Collaborative law is a profound concept.
Collaborative law is a simple concept.
Collaborative law is a voluntary process in which each party retains a collaborative law attorney.
Collaborative law is aprofound concept.
Collaborative law offers real alternative to lawyers and to clients.
Collaborative lawyers act as legal advisers, role models and coaches for their clients.
Collaborative lawyers trust one another.
Collaborative leadership engages people for the long haul in public decision-making.
Collaborative leadership is about a new way of doing civic business.
Collaborative leadership is inclusive and nonhierarchical.
Collaborative management is encouraged, and dispute resolution mechanisms are in place.
Collaborative mediation is an option that many family law attorneys have under-utilized.
Collaborative models seem most enduring and successful.
Collaborative negotiation is a conflict resolution process also called collaborative law.
Collaborative negotiation is implicit in both the bilateral and multilateral exercise.
Collaborative opportunities exist in every aspect of our planned activities.
Collaborative opportunities exist in slightly more than half of the programs.
Collaborative pairs join other partnerships for recording if the scene requires it.
Collaborative papers are highly encouraged.
Collaborative partnerships are the foundation of the three community-based projects.
Collaborative partnerships begin to add new perspective to opportunities in partnering.
Collaborative partnerships extend in many directions.
Collaborative partnerships make it all possible.
Collaborative partnerships take a commitment of time, energy, and dedication.
Collaborative pedagogies take time.
Collaborative planning is a key part of the program.
Collaborative planning is advocated to maximize choice in decision making.
Collaborative planning is believed to be in the interest of all.
Collaborative planning is different.
Collaborative practices differ considerably across fields.
Collaborative presentations are also welcome.
Collaborative process is much more beneficial.
Collaborative processes are complicated.
Collaborative processes are voluntary and allow the participation of all appropriate stakeholders.
Collaborative processes help parties focus on common interests and on solving the problem.
Collaborative programs develop a community of support that has some real benefits.
Collaborative programs provide the ability to form effective work teams using a variety of tools.
Collaborative programs reach out to Prague, Budapest, and Bogota.
Some collaborative programs are already in operation.
Collaborative programming is encouraged.
Collaborative project is under construction.
Collaborative project researches carbon allocation .
Collaborative projects are a great way for teachers and students to share ideas and information.
Collaborative projects are already underway in the expanded network.
Collaborative projects are another way to remove classroom walls.
Collaborative projects are encouraged, but individual projects are welcome too.
Collaborative projects are especially encouraged.
Collaborative projects are possible with the above programs.
Collaborative projects are the norm in industry and academics.
Collaborative projects are welcome.
Collaborative projects can take many forms.
Collaborative projects constitute a single proposal.
Collaborative projects facilitate adjusting tasks to accommodate individual differences.
Collaborative projects facilitate the adjustment of tasks to accommodate individual differences.
Collaborative projects hosted by schools from around the world cover all curriculum areas.
Collaborative projects involving European partners are also more in evidence.
Collaborative projects keep reshaping the process.
Collaborative projects promote many interesting connections.
Collaborative projects rely on sharing data among schools.
Collaborative projects require centralized databases and systematic methods for sharing data.
Collaborative projects support trials of promising new therapies and innovative research.
Collaborative projects tend to occur on an individual or institutional basis.
Collaborative projects use in situ hybridization and other molecular techniques.
Many collaborative projects are in process throughout Massachusetts.
Most collaborative projects use e-mail as their method of communication between classrooms.
Some collaborative projects seek external funding for support.
Collaborative proposals count as a single nomination toward the four-nomination limit.
Collaborative proposals count as a single nomination toward the two-candidate limit.
Collaborative publications are possible.
Collaborative reading is active reading .
Collaborative representation requires a retainer agreement.
Collaborative research assumes co-authorship of such manuscripts or abstracts.
Collaborative research can lead to a faster solution to a problem.
Collaborative research comes in many Forms.
Collaborative research includes projects on lead levels in maple syrup and maple tree physiology.
Collaborative research involves the promotion of independent living in the elderly.
Collaborative research is at the heart of our activities.
Collaborative research is encouraged.
Collaborative research is encouraged-including collaborative work with students in Peru and Brazil.
Collaborative research is more enjoyable for most students, researchers and community members.
Collaborative research is possible with other groups knowledgeable in analytical techniques.
Collaborative research is to be encouraged.
Collaborative research is undertaken with local industry.
Collaborative research is valued here.
Collaborative research is very labor intensive and expensive.
Collaborative research needs to be encouraged and supported.
Most collaborative research is supported by sponsorships or grants.
Collaborative salespeople keep in touch after the sale.
Collaborative science can be a difficult process.
Collaborative settings provide a particularly rich environment for studying learning.
Collaborative simulations fall into two broad categories.
Collaborative skills are generally of a very low level.
Collaborative skills are increasingly important.
Collaborative software enables widely dispersed workforces to assemble into virtual teams.
Collaborative software is hard to develop in any case.
Collaborative software represents one of the most interesting frontiers on the Web.
Collaborative space consists of artifacts.
Collaborative stations are also available to support group work.
Collaborative stewardship is a two-way street.
Collaborative strategies encourage win-win situations through symbiotic relationships.
Collaborative studies are also in progress with laboratories across the United States.
Collaborative studies are under way with corneal specialists.
Collaborative studies are underway to identify the formation of capsid structures and virions.
Collaborative studies are underway to identify the gene in which the defect is located.
Collaborative studies involving zoonotic and vector-borne diseases are ongoing.
Collaborative tasks prepare students to participate in their communities.
Collaborative teaching can occur in various settings and for different purposes.
Collaborative teaching can work.
Collaborative teaching is an essential element of that framework.
Collaborative teaching is the best way to ensure student achievement.
Collaborative teams work across divisions and departments instead of isolated work pools.
Some collaborative teams find that dividing the task into components is the most effective method.
Some collaborative teams find that dividing the task into components is the most effective.
Collaborative teamwork is one of the catchall phrases for improving pedagogy.
Collaborative technologies are the most sensible.
Collaborative technologies impact on knowledge management and organizational learning.
Collaborative technologies support for quality certification programs.
Collaborative technologies support for the creation of virtual teams and virtual organizations.
Collaborative technology is therefore the basis of a generative community of practice.
Collaborative technology simulates presence in a variety of ways.
Collaborative texts are cross-indexed under both authors' names.
Collaborative theses are never to be filed separately, in halves.
Collaborative time consists of events and milestones.
Collaborative tools are an easy sell.
Collaborative training is implemented on both a regional and national basis.
Collaborative work is a high stakes endeavour for teacher-librarians as well.
Collaborative work is a required component of our business writing course.
Collaborative work is a required component of the course.
Collaborative work is assigned.
Collaborative work is eligible.
Collaborative work is emphasized.
Collaborative work is encouraged.
Collaborative work is highly encouraged.
Collaborative work is in the field of mixed signal and analogue DfT and test support tools.
Collaborative work is possible, but complex images and video's are out of reach.
Collaborative work is required to complete most inquiries.
Collaborative work is undertaken with many other departments.
Collaborative work is valuable for beginning teachers.
Collaborative work Suggest a theme or a project.
Collaborative works is abble furnish much more effecience and relevance.
Collaborative writing is facilitated especially well.
Collaborative writing means that multiple authors write and contribute to a piece of writing.
A collaborator is a criminal
Collaborator also lets users reconcile differing plan levels and shared resource constraints.
Collaborator creates a single repository of all relevant information.
Collaborator is the program most subject to the old saw.
Collaborators also contribute computer hardware.
Collaborators are associates.
Collaborators are goal directed members who see the vision, mission, and goal of the team.
Collaborators are good at bringing the best out of their people.
Collaborators are inclusive players.
Collaborators are the government private sector organisations and several civic groups.
Collaborators are welcome.
Collaborators attempt to keep each synchronized with the same level of understanding.
Collaborators can easily post several versions of an item.
Collaborators can exchange drafts of papers using e-mail.
Collaborators can participate in a number of ways.
Collaborators can read documents instantaneously.
Collaborators contribute information, expertise, volunteers, money or other resources.
Collaborators contribute space, staff time, client referral, resources, and general program support.
Collaborators have a high tolerance for ambiguity.
Collaborators join research, teaching, and creative practice to public engagement.
Collaborators learn how to cross boundaries.
Collaborators lose focus on project during the school year.
Collaborators meet regularly to plan and provide programing and services to child care providers.
Collaborators range from small startup companies to multi-national corporations.
Collaborators represent urban and rural populations and are from public and private sectors.
Collaborators Stay Tuned . .
Collaborators always engage in some form of contract.
All collaborators are responsible for knowing all the submitted material.
All collaborators are welcome.
All collaborators can freely reproduce the final publications for their own internal use.
All collaborators work on a voluntary basis.
Every collaborator has a voice.
Some collaborators choose to pursue several such projects simultaneously.
Many collage artists collect and categorize materials by color.
A collage is a picture
Collage also has the ability to playback movies and to export user selected frames as images.
Collage can be very thought provoking.
Collage can combine paint with papers, boards with wire, and silk with cotton.
Collage Get a piece of colored paper from the art area.
Collage has a full range of eclectic home furnishings and accessories.
Collage has many industrial applications, particularly in film and advertising.
Collage has the potential to revolutionize the visual arts.
Collage is a business.
Collage is a derivative work.
Collage is a freeing experience.
Collage is a popular technique in modern art .
Collage is a popular technique in modern art.
Collage is a process of attaching various elements together to create a work of art.
Collage is a retreat for the mind, body and soul.
Collage is a singlepage image combined from several images like a puzzle.
Collage is a superb way to combine a lot of images people enjoy seeing.
Collage is a synchronous collaborative data analysis tool for use over the Internet.
Collage is a very exiting medium for expressing ideas.
Collage is a very forgiving medium.
Collage is a wonderful way to get the creative juices flowing.
Collage is always a popular event.
Collage is an art method that is executed poorly far more often than well.
Collage is an art of reclamation that provides a creative alternative to disposing of objects.
Collage is an eighteen node linux cluster.
Collage is an excellent medium to present to all grade levels.
Collage is great fun and is becoming more and more popular with artists at every skill level.
Collage is open to the public.
Collage is required if a non-graphical browser, such as Lynx, is used.
Collage is secreted into the tissue by fibroblasts.
Collage is so much fun and is becoming more and more popular with artists at every skill level.
Collage is software which allows users to simultaneously share information.
Collage is still a 'grey' area with regards to current laws.
Collage is supposed to be the first of the truly progressive albums.
Collage is the French word for stickingor gluing.
Collage Make rainforest collages from rainforest products - coffee, sugar, tea.
Collage means to piece together.
Collage provides complete desktop image handling that anyone can use.
Collages are collections.
Collages are good for introducing ideas, or concluding ideas.
Collages can have two or three layers.
Collages Provide magazines and grocery store circulars.
Some collages come as a set as well as individually.
Collagen fibers are hollow tubes consisting of globular subunits.
Collagen fibers are inelastic and have very high tensile strength.
Collagen fibers connect fibrous joints.
Collagen fibers extend from portal tract and surround periportal hepatocytes.
Collagen fibers form an elastin network that makes up connective tissues.
Collagen fibers have important functions in the mitotic spindle.
Collagen fibers provide elasticity and flexibility.
Collagen fibers relax, causing sagging and elongation of the earlobes.
Collagen fibers relax, causing telltale creases and elongated earlobes.
Collagen fibers run vertical in bone as does axial loading.
Many collagen fibrils come together and form a collagen and forma collagen fiber.
Collagen injections are generally safe.
Collagen injections can do wonders for small depressions in the skin.
Collagen injections can help in many cases.
Collagen injections can smooth resistant wrinkles.
Collagen injections have a minimal, if any, time required for recuperation.
Collagen injections offer immediate dramatic effects.
Collagen accounts for more than half of the protein content of tissue.
Collagen comes from animal products, usually beef connective tissues.
Collagen consists of groups of white inelastic fibers with great tensile strength.
Collagen contributes to meat toughness.
Collagen crosslinks in metabolic bone disease.
Collagen decreases in the dermis which causes sagging.
Collagen fibers self-assemble in the extracellular space.
Collagen forms the base for all connective tissue in the body.
Collagen forms the base of all connective tissues that hold our structures together.
Collagen has (part) atoms.
Collagen has (part) chemical chain.
Collagen has (part) chemical groups.
Collagen is a simple protein
Collagen is fibrous proteins.
Collagen is proteins.
Collagen isa protein.
Collagen mRNA Around a Titanium.
Collagen occurs in bundles.
Collagen plays a very important role in proper joint support.
Collagen provides structures.
Collagen results from the cleavage of the extension peptide domains.
Collagen shapes the structures of tendons, bones, cartilage and connective tissue.
Collagen smoothes out wrinkles and stretch marks.
Collagen soaks in so well.
Collagen strengthens the blood vessels, the skin, the muscles and the bones.
Collagens occur in everything from sponges to vertebrates.
Collagens play a fundamental role in cardiac hypertrophy and interact with proteoglycans.
Most collagen provides structures.
Some collagen has properties.
Some collagen promotes bone growth.
Some collagen promotes growth.
A collagenase is an enzyme
Collagenase belongs to a class of enzymes known as proteases.
Collagenase is an enzyme that attacks the most abundant structural protein in the skin, collagen.
Collagenase is an enzyme that cleaves collagen and is a member of the metalloendopeptidase family.
Collagenase is produced in mass quantities.
Collagenase is the protease which degrades collagen, one of the body's primary connec-tive tissues.
Collagenase is the protease which degrades collagen, one of the body's primary connective tissues.
Collagenase literally breaks down the gums and eventually the bone that hold the teeth in place.
Collagenase uses enzymatic action rather than a surgical solution.
Collagenases are enzymes.
Collagenases are proteins.
Collagenous colitis affects primarily middle aged men and presents with bloody mucous diarrhea.
Collagenous colitis is another variant in which diarrhea is the presenting complaint.
Collagenous colitis is featured by chronic, watery diarrhea.
All collagenous proteins have domains with a triple-helical conformation.
Collagenous tissue exists virtually everywhere in the organism.
Collagenous tissue includes tendons, ligaments, scar and joint capsules.
Collapsable design extends with a flip of the wrist.
Collapsable hook allows for easy storage and convenient hanging.
A collapse is an illness
Collapse halts either when nuclear density is reached or centrifugal forces overcome gravity.
Collapse lists into class terms.
Collapse occurs in thick stock.
Collapses are happening.
Collapses are illnesses.
Collapses cause collapses.
Collapsed borders exist between elements.
Collapsed energy can come in a variety of different forms.
Collapsed heels can predispose to navicular disease.
Collapsed lung is a common problem in premature infants.
Collapsed lung is a condition in which a section of lung contains no air.
Collapsed lung is a term used to refer to pneumothorax, a potentially life-threatening condition.
Collapsed stars are dead stars.
Collapsible bottle assures uniform dosage.
Collapsible containers make it possible to carry water for a dry lunch or even a dry camp.
Collapsible Coolers fold to a trim size, or even fold flat.
Collapsible corporations can now replace organized hierarchies.
Collapsible design allows for easy insertion and removal without damaging the filler port.
Collapsible dishes are easiest to transport.
Collapsible filter is easy to expand and install.
Collapsible sawhorses work quite well as a portable stand for the table.
Collapsible scooters are a hot new recreational item.
Collapsible shrines offer worshipers a remarkably intimate way of relating to the deity.
Collapsible soils are often mud flow alluvial fan or windblown silty clays.
Collapsible style makes it perfect for travelers.
Collapsible traps are useful if primates are captured on a regular basis.
Collapsible walls are a part of the city of Jericho.
Collapsings are convergence.
Collapsings are physical events.
Collar bones are very much reduced, and there are one incisor , one premolar and three molars .
Collar bones Put strong pressure on the collar bones.
A collar cell is a flagellated cell
Collar cells are the work horses of the sponge.
Collar cells form one layer, and epidermal cells for the other.
Collar cells line the inner cavity.
Collar cells line the interior chambers.
Collar cells produce a constant flow of water into the sponge.
Collar peccaries eat roots.
Most collar peccaries eat roots.
Some collar peccaries have long snouts.
Some collar peccaries have snouts.
Some collar peccaries live in desert regions.
Some collar peccaries live in regions.
Some collar peccaries look like pigs.
Collar pins are specialist items requiring a shirt with a button-holed collar.
Collar tab is included with all shirts.
Collar tab is included.
Collar tabs are maroon felt on gold with star in wreath device.
A collar is a band
Collar accepts and holds bracing sockets and accessories.
Collar back is split and rounded.
Collar features a breathable waterproof lining to keep out the chill and the spray.
Collar fits snugly on most people.
Collar get except many bone unless swing berlin wall.
Collar get except many bone unless swing great white.
Collar get except many bone unless swing vegetable.
Collar grab from behind.
Collar has adjustable snaps and back is dropped to keep out drafts.
Collar has detents on kidney shelves to orient shelf with cabinet opening.
Collar has velcro closuer.
Collar hooking the anchovy is the most effective way for fly line presentation.
Collar improve Selves except the worm down several comments.
Collar incorporates internal hexagon for rigid attachment with the implant.
Collar is a dark brown plastic.
Collar is adjustable to any neck size due to velcro closure.
Collar is another concern, as it needs to be shimmed during assembly to keep it straight.
Collar is closed by means of one buckle on the back.
Collar is cut in one with front of blouse.
Collar is detachable with ribbon trim.
Collar is edged with a gathered ruffle.
Collar is faux leopard.
Collar is formed around animal's neck.
Collar is lined with stays.
Collar is made of heat-resistant urethane to reduce melting.
Collar is piped in bright yellow.
Collar is the stand and fall collar.
Collar is topstitched.
Collar is white, piped in the polka dot dress material, and trimmed with a wide chemical lace.
Collar isa artifact.
Collar mounting is standard, flange mounting is optional.
Collar prevents stone breakage.
Collar rot is sometimes so severe in India as to cause growers to abandon their plantations.
Collar rot occurs at the base of the trunk and extends to just below the soil line.
Collar rot or infection of the root collar area is a relatively new disease phenomenon.
Collar seems too tight, and wishes to looser.
Collar serves as liquid seal to help prevent thread corrosion.
Collar swing onto many bone unless reads cheetahs.
Collar swing onto many bone unless reads electronic.
Collar swing onto many bone unless reads sailor moon.
Collars also measure slightly less than even inch outside.
Collars are a combination of minimum and maximum prices.
Collars are accented and recorded on a second channel.
Collars are always a contentious issue.
Collars are available from stock in most tartans.
Collars are available in two styles.
Collars are bands.
Collars are common on trees such as mulberry and sycamore.
Collars are custom fitted.
Collars are fully washable.
Collars are generally of low relief.
Collars are hoops.
Collars are interchangeable.
Collars are invariably white, contrasting nicely with the rest of the dress or doublet.
Collars are mandatory on all lifts with Olympic bars.
Collars are mandatory on ALL Olympic bars.
Collars are more important on colder weather bags.
Collars are more than a fashion statement.
Collars are of very low relief compared with contemporary types.
Collars are part of necks.
Collars are placed on sheep or goats that are pastured where coyotes are likely to attack.
Collars are popular for cats and kittens, although most are too large for really young kittens.
Collars are popular ways of managing interest rates on long-term cash deposits.
Collars are restraint.
Collars are sacred.
Collars are small, tight or even non-existent.
Collars are soft and can reach as high as the ear lobes.
Collars are very high, but have been becoming more reasonable recently.
Collars break hair and cause matting.
Collars can be assorted designer, assorted reflective or a combination of designer and reflective.
Collars can be button down, hidden button down, point, ainsley or spread collars.
Collars can choke or injure cats, or become lost.
Collars can pose a hazard for pets, since they can get caught or restrict an animal's air passage.
Collars come and go.
Collars come in two shapes.
Collars differ as to the style.
Collars fasten with buckles or snap clips and are usually made of leather, nylon or cotton webbing.
Collars have (part) sections.
Collars lie properly.
Collars made of cardboard, tin cans, or aluminum foil are effective barriers to cutworms.
Collars match bunny collars, except the gray comes with a black collar.
Collars offer a variety of designer colors.
Collars serve three purposes.
Collars vary in terms of relief and width.
All collars are adjustable, but please give neck size.
All collars are safety collars.
All collars come in many styles, colors and widths.
Many collars are available today that are adjustable to allow for growth.
Some collars ARE effective in minimizing tick infestations.
Some collars are part of anoraks.
Some collars are part of blouses.
Some collars are part of capes.
Some collars are part of cardigans.
Some collars are part of coats.
Some collars are part of denims.
Some collars are part of diapers.
Some collars are part of dominoes.
Some collars are part of garments.
Some collars are part of gowns.
Some collars are part of jackets.
Some collars are part of jeans.
Some collars are part of jerseys.
Some collars are part of jumpers.
Some collars are part of kilts.
Some collars are part of laundries.
Some collars are part of leggings.
Some collars are part of macs.
Some collars are part of nightdresses.
Some collars are part of pullovers.
Some collars are part of raglans.
Some collars are part of raincoats.
Some collars are part of robes.
Some collars are part of scarves.
Some collars are part of shawls.
Some collars are part of shirts.
Some collars are part of suits.
Some collars are part of sweaters.
Some collars are part of sweatshirts.
Some collars are part of underwears.
Some collars can actually utilize solar power.
Some collars cover mouths.
Some collars ride loose after even a little corrosion.
Some collars surround flagella.
A collarbone is a bone
Collarbones can break during falls or auto accidents.
Collard greens are a great source of beta-carotene.
Collard greens are also cabbage-like in flavor.
Collard lizards have the ability to lift their bodies and run on the two back legs.
Collard shirts are preferred, but nice T-shirts are accepted.
Collard is a herb
Collards also tolerate heat.
Collards are a cabbagelike green with smooth leaves and mild taste.
Collards are a mid-season leaf crop that is extremely tolerant of cold weather.
Collards are an important overwintering host plant.
Collards are close relatives to kale.
Collards are cold-hardy plants that are very common in the south.
Collards are excellent.
Collards are mild.
Collards are one of the oldest members of the cabbage group.
Collards are similar in nutritive value but much more tolerant of warm weather.
Collards are still plentiful in large, fresh bunches.
Collards are the toughies of the crucifer greens.
Collards are truly as American as apple pie.
Collards can also be direct seeded three to four weeks before the last frost-free date in spring.
Collards fall into two groups.
Collards fill that void nicely.
Collards get their energy form sun, air, and soil.
Collards have a genius for communication.
Collards have large flat dark green leaves.
Collards have their own charm.
Collards make good social workers, psychologists and baseball managers.
Collards make good social workers, psychologists, and baseball managers.
Collards provide a good source of vitamins and minerals.
Collards sauteed with garlic.
Collards start out stiff.
Collards tend to improve in flavor as the weather turns cooler in the fall.
Collared lemmings are the only rodents that molt to a camouflaging white for winter.
Collared lemmings turn white during winter, an adaptation to their snowy environment.
Collared lemmings use higher and drier sites, and brown lemmings the lower and wetter ones.
A collared lizard is an iguanid lizard
Collared lizards are known to be aggressive and they eat other species of lizards.
Collared lizards are truly one of the world's most beautiful lizards.
Collared lizards are very active.
Collared lizards dig and controlling the location of their digging is helpful.
Collared lizards do a rapid series of pushups to scare their enemy.
Collared lizards live in the Missouri Ozarks on rocky, dry, open, south-facing hillsides.
A collared peccary is a hoofed mammal
Collared peccaries are also highly territorial in nature.
Collared peccaries are found in diverse habitats.
Collared peccaries are in the even-toed, hoofed mammal order of Artiodactyla.
Collared peccaries are known as javelinas.
Collared peccaries are mammals.
Collared peccaries are peccaries.
Collared peccaries can be loud and are easy to hear when threatened.
Collared peccaries communicate with each other using several different sounds.
Collared peccaries form herds of anywhere from three to thirty or more.
Collared peccaries groom very often towards each other to reassure bonds.
Collared peccaries have a distinctive thin collar of white fur on the shoulders.
Collared peccaries have a long snout.
Collared peccaries have an undeserved reputation for aggression.
Collared peccaries have good hearing.
Collared peccaries have large, ovular heads and flat snouts.
Collared peccaries inhabit South America, Central America and South-western North America.
Collared peccaries smell for food with their snout.
Collared shirts are available with long or short sleeves.
Collared shirts are preferred.
Collared shirts are the best.
Collarless bolero has short sleeves.
Collateral bundles exhibit less diversity of cross-sectional outline than concentric strands.
Collateral circulation connects the proximal and the distal aspects of the vessels over time.
Collateral circulation is divided into anterior and posterior systems.
Collateral consequences can also preclude a finding of mootness.
Collateral consequences flow also.
Collateral contacts are infrequent and fast becoming a thing of the past.
Collateral cost includes the cost to the consumer of returning a nonconforming assistive device.
Collateral Damage concerns the way that a war can reach across half a century to blight the present.
Collateral damage is a casualty
Collateral damage is fatal accidents.
Collateral damage is irrelevant here.
Collateral damage is unfortunate in a War .
Collateral damage works on many levels.
Collateral data help strengthen and verify results throughout the classification process.
Collateral duties generate transferable skills that apply to lots of different jobs.
Collateral estoppel applies in bankruptcy nondischargeability actions.
Collateral estoppel applies to both legal and factual issues decided in an earlier proceeding.
Collateral estoppel applies to the same issue litigated in a different cause of action.
Collateral estoppel applies.
Collateral estoppel can apply when the first case is civil and the second case is criminal.
Collateral estoppel can serve as the basis for summary judgment.
Collateral estoppel is a branch of the broader doctrine of res judicata.
Collateral estoppel is a derivative of res judicata with a more narrow focus.
Collateral estoppel is an affirmative defense.
Collateral estoppel is thus both narrower and broader than res judicata.
Collateral estoppel precludes a party from relitigating issues decided in an earlier proceeding.
Collateral identification is required for all videos.
Collateral information is also available for many filings.
Collateral ligaments exist on the inside and on the outside of the knee joint.
All collateral ligaments are stable on testing, and nontender.
Some Collateral lines seem to go on forever.
Collateral loans feature a lower interest rate as well as varied payment options.
Collateral material adds interest to collections, album pages and exhibits.
Collateral material is printed.
Collateral pathways dilate when a major vessel is occluded.
Collateral properties serve a marketing function and typically are mass-produced and distributed.
Collateral reading is assigned in the American novel.
Collateral relatives consist of the families of spouses, brothers, sisters, and cousins.
Collateral requirements are less demanding.
Collateral requirements are the responsibility of end-borrower.
Collateral samples are optional.
Collateral use is use of the same mark in a different market.
Collateral vessels can be pre-existing vessels that normally have little or no blood flow.
Collateral vessels circumventing sites of occlusion are often present.
Collateral covers margins for options over stocks and indices.
Collateral is security interest
Collaterals are branches of the meridians and run transversely and superficially from the meridians.
Collaterals are family and friends of people with alcohol, other drug, or gambling problems.
Collaterals are smaller branches of blood vessels.
Collaterals are the synaptic junctures between axons and dendrites.
Most collateral is valued at an amount less than face value based on a variety of factors.
Some collateral is available in local languages.
Collation order is expressed in terms of collation values.
Collation comes in handy here, too, speeding multipage print jobs.
Collation determines the proper sort sequence for two or more natural language strings.
Collation is a meal
Collation is collections.
Collation is comparison.
Collation means texts put side by side, one here, one there for comparison.
Collation always follows a set of rules.
Collatrim capsules have no taste or aftertaste.
A colleague is an associate
Colleague does provide for recording transfer course, credit, and grade.
Colleague does tell operator that pre-requisite is underway.
Colleagues also mention the disadvantages.
Colleagues analyze, discuss and offer constructive criticism.
Colleagues appreciate some sense of vulnerability.
Colleagues are a resource for the professor as well as for the students.
Colleagues are also an important group.
Colleagues are also effective change agents.
Colleagues are associates.
Colleagues are colleagues.
Colleagues are equally important in addressing non-work concerns and interests.
Colleagues are friendly, and students work hard.
Colleagues are interfaces that allow the user to work through the definition of a task or a rule.
Colleagues are often a good source of information about funding opportunities.
Colleagues are often friends who also socialize outside the office.
Colleagues are people.
Colleagues are welcome to come visit.
Colleagues are welcome to join in sessions at no additional charge.
Colleagues assert that Wartella is among the most powerful public voices for communication.
Colleagues attempt to facilitate their own efforts with the input of other team members.
Colleagues attend tailored leadership classes, workshops, and reflection forums.
Colleagues believe all three are innocent researchers.
Colleagues call it anti-social.
Colleagues can also judge the course design and instructional materials of a particular instructor.
Colleagues can also provide feedback on the plan as it takes shape.
Colleagues can bring their families to the office.
Colleagues can quickly approve the form by adding digital signatures within their Web browser.
Colleagues can serve as part of a list of referees.
Colleagues can set up informal networks for sharing information and resources.
Colleagues can simultaneously edit the same record within a single database.
Colleagues come up with important criticisms and new ideas.
Colleagues describe the mother of two as warm, caring and extremely hard working.
Colleagues expect more now.
Colleagues express a variety of concerns.
Colleagues generally nominate teachers for the state-level award.
Colleagues joke sometimes slyly sometimes outrageously at each other's expense.
Colleagues know a good thing when they see one.
Colleagues listen to each other and are listened to thereby improving communication.
Colleagues meet together in different countries as they travel for professional purposes.
Colleagues nominate candidates for the award.
Colleagues now write papers together remotely.
Colleagues provide information and valuable support that helps facilitate career moves.
Colleagues put up new files and take away existing files almost daily.
Colleagues range from teachers and doctors to builders and shop-floor workers.
Colleagues recognize that they're in the presence of a smooth operator with a sharp mind.
Colleagues refuse to censure the behavior, no matter how distasteful, because of politics.
Colleagues remain silent and listen.
Colleagues Respect the unique roles and viewpoints of other healthcare professionals.
Colleagues reveal top secrets over lunch.
Colleagues say frog deformities researchers leaped too soon.
Colleagues say that mark is indelible.
Colleagues say the two instructors are irreplaceable.
Colleagues send and send and send.
Colleagues share information through networking, newsletters, and conferences.
Colleagues share their professional experiences and focus on the essentials of their work.
Colleagues speak of an antibiotic derived from tears and a natural cure for baldness.
Colleagues speak of the pair as being caring teachers who never sacrifice standards.
Colleagues teaching in more typical schools often rely primarily on one lesson type.
Colleagues trace the center's achievements to the woman who started it all.
Colleagues watch each other s backs.
Colleagues wishing to organize panels regarding their own field of interest, are welcome to do so.
Colleagues frequently ask a number of questions regarding the role of a PA in dermatologic surgery.
Colleagues often disagree about the root causes of performance problems.
Colleagues sometimes discuss their personal problems, though usually co-worker ties are weak.
All colleagues are welcome.
Many colleagues compel their students to write as they do.
Many colleagues have helpful advice and suggested improvements to the report.
Many colleagues working in developing countries have few textbooks or journals.
Most colleagues are actively unsupportive of introducing learning technologies.
Some colleagues are very reticent about using computers to enhance teaching and learning.
Some colleagues have nominal or moderate formal statistical training, but many have none.
Some colleagues introduce problem-based learning into their curricula.
Some colleagues say they have worried about the impact of stress.
A collect call is a call
Collect calls are also available.
Collect calls are calls.
Collect calls are possible.
Collect calls are welcome.
Collect calls cost significantly more than direct calls.
Collect ducts carry fluid.
Most collect ducts carry fluid.
Some collect ducts drain into ureters.
Collect shipments require cash or a certified check before the shipment is completed.
Collect time sheets weekly or daily.
A collect is prayer
Collect papers the second time.
Collects account receivables from members.
Collects accounts recievable and liquidate accounts payable.
Collects appropriate moneys and escorts the patient to their destination.
Collects are prayer.
Collects bail money and money connected with judgments.
Collects cow and ballet stuff.
Collects DARE pins and is a talented magician.
Collects excuse letters for mandatory events.
Collects fee associated with same.
Collects garbage at a beach clean up for local TV, then votes to gut the Clean Water Act.
Collects insect specimens and assists in solving problems of a taxonomic nature.
Collects objects for various areas in the museum.
Collects refuse along an assigned collection route.
Collects refuse in residential and downtown core area.
Collects refuse, trash, and recycling debris to appripriate disposal sites.
Collects results from over twenty different search engines.
Collects resumes for talent bank for candidates.
Collects soil, silt, or mud to determine chemical composition and nature of pollutants.
Collects specimens for laboratory examination.
Collects specimens using accepted practices, tests urine.
Collects stand exam data using field data recorders.
Collects trash and linen from chute rooms.
Collects trash from receptacles throughout the building and empties it into various areas.
Collects trash from residential and commercial areas.
Collects underwater sound vibrations with an air bladder.
Collects waste chemicals from the place where they are generated.
Collectable teddy bears from Australian teddy bear artists.
Collectable telephones are also available.
Collectable vinyl lunchboxes.
A collectable is an object
Collectables cover all tastes, styles and periods with emphasis on high-end, high value lots.
Collectables Find retailers selling all manner of collectable toys.
Collected assignments are due at beginning of class.
Collected blood supplies local hospitals.
Collected data are readily available for teaching, research, planning, and construction purposes.
Collected data can be output to a vessel DP system, a CELS database, or printers and plotters.
Collected data enables operator to check stability of work-in process.
Collected data is accurate and immediate, a solid basis for action.
Collected data is analyzed and presented to the class.
Collected data is organized in numerous ways.
Collected data is saved in XML format.
Collected data is stored in the aggregate to give anonymity.
Collected data is used to generate bonus and expense reports.
Collected data is written to the database.
Collected data provides a metric for measuring safety and for solving safety problems.
Collected evidence is processed in a forensics laboratory.
Collected food is donated to surrounding food banks.
Collected information includes surgeries, stress, accidents and hospitalization.
Collected information is entered into the budget program.
Collected information is used to assess our services and justify enhancements.
Any collected information is stored in a secure database on a secure server.
Collected litter is brought back to staging areas for collection.
Collected paper is combined with the full day s route and taken directly to a recycling center.
Collected seed requires pretreatment before sowing to allow water to penetrate the seed coat.
Collected statistics add verification to the established quality assurance procedures.
Collected water is stored at favorable temperatures and chemical free conditions that plants prefer.
All collected water is carried off.
Collected works are often very useful in deciphering obscure citations.
Collectible books are another thing altogether.
Collectible creatures enhance speech production and perception training.
Collectible dolls line the shelves along with beautiful lamps and picture frames.
Collectible eggs make treasured gifts that can be passed down through the generations.
Collectible items are available.
Collectible items are well represented here.
Collectible objects are an entirely different category from antiques.
All collectible pieces expire two weeks after the second chance drawing.
Collectible plate includes matching stand.
Collectible plates are also available.
Collectible teddy bears, holiday gift teddy bear, custom teddy bears, accessories.
Collectible teddy bears.
Collectible trading is very similar to online stock trading.
Collectible typewriters can turn up anywhere.
A collectible is an object
Collectible bears with a religious theme that honor family values.
Collectibles are also available.
Collectibles are always wonderful for a gift.
Collectibles are another major category of merchandise customers buy.
Collectibles are anything collectors enjoy collecting.
Collectibles are in mint condition and are being sold as a set of five.
Collectibles are just like the stock market.
Collectibles are located in boxs.
Collectibles are located in shelfs.
Collectibles are much more popular than antiques.
Collectibles can be an exciting interior design resource.
Collectibles can be complex.
Collectibles can be natural, such as rocks, flowers, insects, butterflies, etc.
Collectibles can include everything from western tack to sporting.
Collectibles create a dramatic touch and effectively add height to the area.
Collectibles Find people.
Collectibles go through mass psychological movements as to desirability.
Collectibles Investigate the world of collectibles.
Collectibles make great containers for flower arrangements.
Collectibles provides more information on collecting autographs.
Collectibles range from glass slippers to colonial dolls.
Every collectible is signed, dated, and numbered.
Many collectibles are crossovers, i.e. they have collector appeal in more than one field.
Some collectibles are hard to spot in their natural environment.
Collection accounts can appear as paid or unpaid accounts.
Collection agencies act as an extension between the creditors and their debtors.
Collection agencies are a legitimate, useful part of our commercial society.
Collection agencies are in the business of pursuing collections vigorously and aggressively.
Collection agencies are service companies.
Collection agencies are usually more aggressive and less willing to compromise.
Collection agencies attempt to get what is owed, causing legal, social and relationship problems.
Collection agencies get a percentage of debt collected.
Collection agencies handle all sorts of debts.
Collection agencies recover most debts.
Collection agencies specialize in collecting payment from overdue accounts and can work in two ways.
Collection agencies tend to focus on pre-judgment debt.
Collection agencies track down companies with unpaid penalties.
Collection agencies work on behalf of the creditor to recuperate the amounts owed by debtors.
Collection agency harasses parent for child support.
Collection agency offers self-help child support enforcement resources.
Most collection agencies operate on a system of gentle intimidation.
Most collection agencies specify that their services are superior to their competitors.
Some collection agencies use automatic dialing machines that repeatedly dial debtors' residences.
Collection attorneys are best of all, because they sue.
Collection boxes are all over campus.
Collection boxes are in storage.
Collection boxes are in the lobby and the kitchen.
Collection boxes are in the main hallway.
Collection boxes are on campus.
Collection calls are the bedrock of bill collecting.
Collection classes can hold object references or actual date values.
Some collection classes can support either, some only one.
Collection cost is proportional to the size of the heap.
Collection costs are also labor intensive.
Collection costs are the responsibility of each institution.
Collection costs belong to the political entity that prosecuted the offense.
Collection development continues to reflect the areas of research and teaching of new faculty.
Collection development emphasizes the academic and research programs of the university.
Collection development focuses on immediate and future informational needs.
Collection development has to evolve into cooperative collection development.
Collection development includes de-selection as well as augmentation of holdings.
Collection development is a complex process.
Collection development is a key component of public library service.
Collection development is a significant value-adding function.
Collection development is actually a two-part process that includes weeding and acquisitions.
Collection development is an on-going process throughout the school year.
Collection development is an ongoing process.
Collection development is distinct from content development.
Collection development is largely the responsibility of the faculty in each discipline.
Collection development is learned through reading and practice.
Collection development is our specialty.
Collection development is subjective and bias.
Collection development is the responsibility of the Anthropology bibliographer.
Collection development is the responsibility of the geography bibliographer.
Collection development is the responsibility of the government documents bibliographer.
Collection development provides the resources for services and programs.
Collection items are handmade by couturiers, dressmakers, artisans, and homemakers or mass produced.
Collection management can influence and monitor the revenue officer decisions.
Collection management is another issue.
Collection managers take care of preserved amphibians and reptiles.
Collection managers work in museums where fish collections are maintained.
Collection of articles outlines the effects.
Collection of verses offer a scriptural boost that is updated daily.
Collection officer determines if cancellation request is eligible.
A collection plate is a receptacle
Collection plates clink and the tones they create is the sound of big change raking.
Collection policies can cover all kinds of historical information.
Collection policy prohibits the copying of restricted materials, or complete oral histories.
A collection is a group
Collection also contains dramatic fiction.
Collection also contains minutes of annual town meetings, special meetings, and committees.
Collection also contains miscellaneous research on Utah.
Collection also includes account books, maps, manuscripts, photographs and early books.
Collection also includes autographed memoribilia and footballs.
Collection also includes correspondence with national political figures concerning the Vietnam War.
Collection also includes correspondence, printed matter, photographs, and graphic materials.
Collection also includes postcards and flyers relating to the exhibition.
Collection also includes several steam engine models.
Collection also includes sound recordings related to weed control.
Collection also includes the letter's envelope.
Collection also shows social, courting customs, railway history, and Quebec history.
Collection amounts and procedures.
Collection attains works that illustrate the creative imagination of the post war period.
Collection begins on the first working day after New Years' Day and lasts about two weeks.
Collection begins with doll, two outfits, and zippered fabric carrying case.
Collection buck- ets in coat room.
Collection calls on past due accounts.
Collection can be a hassle.
Collection can then continue along the crime scene trail or in some other logical manner.
Collection ceases when no more of the resource is available in the location.
Collection complain during no surface because drag wilson pro staff tennis racquets.
Collection comprises one box of archive material.
Collection comprises search, intercept, and direction finding.
Collection concentrates on Okinawan cultural items and books.
Collection consist of correspondence, specimen lists, keys, and manuscripts.
Collection consists mainly of correspondence.
Collection consists of a short, published history of the Richmond church.
Collection consists of almanacs printed in Lancaster County and other locations.
Collection consists of approximately sixty-five interviews.
Collection consists of artifacts, memorabilia, historic photographs and maps.
Collection consists of audio compact disks, audio tapes, and other forms of multi media.
Collection consists of business related documents and documents related to estate settlements.
Collection consists of case files for ca.
Collection consists of components which can be composite or leaves.
Collection consists of correspondence, bills, receipts, and printed items.
Collection consists of daily routes using a variety of packer trucks.
Collection consists of mss.
Collection consists of paper, tape, slide presentation and negatives of graphics used for paper.
Collection consists of photograph albums, ledgers, and genealogical material.
Collection consists of printed materials and memorabilia.
Collection consists of scrapbooks, memorabilia, lists of graduates, and reunion materials.
Collection consists of slides of medical graphs and diagrams, some group shots.
Collection consists of taped interviews, photographs, and field notes.
Collection consists of trade magazines and several textbooks.
Collection consists of two scrapbooks.
Collection consists primarily of deed transfers.
Collection consists primarily of extensive correspondence with colleagues and relatives.
Collection consists primarily of portraits of executive figures and groups.
Collection consists primarily of slides.
Collection constitutes a major subcollection of the university map collection.
Collection contains a wide range of seamlessly tileable textures.
Collection contains account books, company records, correspondence and stock certificates.
Collection contains agendas, membership records, minutes, committee reports, etc.
Collection contains board minutes.
Collection contains books and periodicals and an extensive photograph collection.
Collection contains copies of the newsletter.
Collection contains correspondence files and subject files, ca.
Collection contains correspondence with banking institutions and bank receipts.
Collection contains correspondence, sketches, and papers relating to the invention.
Collection contains five pieces which feature an impressive number of artitsts.
Collection contains historical value, because it is the first collection of such kind in Europe.
Collection contains images of both people and structures in Oak City, Utah.
Collection contains many duplicate and out of date records.
Collection contains miscellaneous organizational materials.
Collection contains numerous clippings and photographs.
Collection contains one regular and one oversize box.
Collection contains photocopied documents, newspaper clippings, maps, and genealogy.
Collection contains photographs of exteriors, interiors and workers at sugar factories.
Collection contains position papers, platforms, literature, and oral histories.
Collection contains primarily correspondence and subject files.
Collection contains rare books, magazines, manuscripts, letters, photographs.
Collection contains scores, books, microfilm, sound and video recordings, and periodicals.
Collection contains scrapbook albums, photograph albums, and official files and reports.
Collection contains site surveys, provider surveys, and heritage tourism study.
Collection contains sketches of birds, reptiles and amphibians, some colored.
Collection contains songs from various nationalities.
Collection contains speeches, correspondence, and printed material.
Collection contains various types of records for numerous Washington County churches.
Collection costs on referred accounts are the responsibility of the student.
Collection covers a broad selection of topics of importance to the defense research community.
Collection covers a wide range of health, medical, policy, and public health topics.
Collection covers all kinds of human endeavor from all over the world.
Collection covers archaeology, history and geology of the island.
Collection covers astronomy and astrophysics.
Collection deals with various local Utah mining operations.
Collection develop options services.
Collection efficiencies for flat plate collectors.
Collection emphasizes undergraduate humanities, international relations and Anglican theology.
Collection emphasizes undergraduate humanities, international relations, and Anglican theology.
Collection evolves weekly.
Collection exists in Light or Full version.
Collection features a very nice graphical interface.
Collection features clothing, holidays, professions, music and more.
Collection focus on historical, military, and political aspects of the subjects.
Collection focuses on Lake Street community activities in West Garfield Park.
Collection focusses on technology but includes health and body issues.
Collection grading Making a good collection is time consuming.
Collection guide available.
Collection has items on a wide subject scope.
Collection has no incunabula.
Collection has received only rudimentary cataloguing, the number of films and tapes is unknown.
Collection has tons of movement flyers, pamphlets, and newsletters.
Collection have one packet of hot pepper seed of each variety.
Collection includes a large number of histories of Kansas and non-Kansas towns and counties.
Collection includes a money bag, ring pillow, bridal purse and lily guest pen.
Collection includes a pre-mixed bag of premium potting soil and full planting and care instructions.
Collection includes a simple database describing each image.
Collection includes active and interactive exhibits, refurbished aircraft and full-size replicas.
Collection includes administrative files and reports on social problems and member agencies.
Collection includes amber, garnet and amethyst, imported from Bali, Indonesia.
Collection includes American impressionist paintings.
Collection includes art history and art technique books.
Collection includes articles of incorporation, minutes, financial records and legal documents.
Collection includes ashtrays, lamp bases, flower pots, wall panels, tiles and funeral urns.
Collection includes audio and video recordings, photographs, original scores, oral histories, etc.
Collection includes baptismal, marriage and burial registers.
Collection includes biographical material, research notes, manuscripts, galley proofs.
Collection includes books, illustrated books, periodicals, slides, and pictures.
Collection includes books, illustrated books, periodicals, slides, auction catalogs, and pictures.
Collection includes books, newspapers and magazines, government reports, and recordings.
Collection includes books, periodicals, indexes, scores, fake books, song sheets, compact discs.
Collection includes books, photographs and objects relating to maritime history.
Collection includes books, videotapes, periodicals, vertical file information and assistive devices.
Collection includes both hardcover and softcover books.
Collection includes bracelets, rings, pendants, belt buckles and bolos, using semi-precious stones.
Collection includes cabinets, tables, chairs, dowry and Tibetan chests, and accessories.
Collection includes cables, telegrams, memos, reports and other documents, arranged chronologically.
Collection includes cameras, unity candles, toasting glasses, guest books, wedding bubbles and more.
Collection includes canoes, baskets, drums, weapons, tools, photos, video and audio tapes, models.
Collection includes cans from around the world.
Collection includes cards up to Tempest.
Collection includes clipped biographical information and photographs.
Collection includes comforter, fitted sheets, flat sheets, pillowcases, shams and valance.
Collection includes community news items.
Collection includes company files and directories.
Collection includes correspondence, drafts of writings, sheet music, and photographs of colleagues.
Collection includes correspondence, financial documents and papers, grant drafts.
Collection includes correspondence, manuscripts, and clippings.
Collection includes correspondence, minutes, agendas, bylaws and handbook.
Collection includes correspondence, project files, internal reports, and others materials.
Collection includes correspondence, publications and working files.
Collection includes correspondence, reports, memos, flyers, and articles of incorporation.
Collection includes correspondence, research files, and ephemeral publications.
Collection includes correspondence, scrapbooks and father's diary.
Collection includes curriculum units, videos, and teaching guides.
Collection includes diaries and correspondence.
Collection includes dining room sets, tables, lighting, corner tables etc.
Collection includes documents, photographs, audio-tapes and videotapes.
Collection includes doll, stand, five outfits and zippered fabric carrying case.
Collection includes early membership lists and dues books.
Collection includes earrings, rings, necklaces, pendants etc.
Collection includes educational videos and audiotapes.
Collection includes farm implements, photographs, and memorabilia of local families.
Collection includes fiction,non-fiction,biography.
Collection includes folk tales, fairy tales and fables.
Collection includes genealogical material.
Collection includes glass, newspaper, plastics, tin, and aluminum.
Collection includes gold, silver, gemstones and charms.
Collection includes historical records, photos, clippings, some plans, scrapbooks, etc.
Collection includes holiday recipes from around the world.
Collection includes household artifacts, fireman apparel, farm equipment from the Town of Boston.
Collection includes journals, monographs, reference materials.
Collection includes labor agreements, publications, union documents, and artifacts.
Collection includes land grants and indentures.
Collection includes letters, essays, reports, laws, and even poetry and slogans.
Collection includes local and state documents.
Collection includes manuscripts, maps, and prints or artwork.
Collection includes manuscripts, oral histories, cemetery records, city directories, photographs.
Collection includes many children's and bilingual books.
Collection includes maps, documentation and data for on-line viewing and downloading.
Collection includes maps, pictures and histories of county.
Collection includes material related to aeronautics and U.S. space sciences.
Collection includes material relating to California water resources.
Collection includes meet results for interfraternity, regional and national competitions.
Collection includes meticulous examples of the most significant fighter aircraft.
Collection includes monographs, periodicals, art exhibition catalogs.
Collection includes narrative features and shorts, as well as some documentaries.
Collection includes necklaces, pendants, broaches, earrings and watches.
Collection includes news cliipings, memoranda, and reviews of books on the topic.
Collection includes nishiki-e prints.
Collection includes only non-depository items.
Collection includes original artifacts and reproductions.
Collection includes papers, books, manuscripts, correspondence etc.
Collection includes paperware, centerpiece, and shower game book.
Collection includes past bar exam questions.
Collection includes photographs, archival, and artifactual material.
Collection includes photographs, newspapers, and municipal and county court records.
Collection includes photographs, slides, postcards, and stereoviews.
Collection includes plate, hinge and right and left-handed latches.
Collection includes primary and secondary materials dealing with issues of developm.
Collection includes programs of concerts, diplomas, contracts and letters.
Collection includes publications about various aspects or disabilities.
Collection includes rare books and magazines and non-traditional library materials.
Collection includes records of baptisms, marriages, an index for marriage records, and interments.
Collection includes recreation charts for Michigan and Wisconsin.
Collection includes recyclable materials, brush, and bulk rubbish.
Collection includes ring pillow, flowergirl basket, garter, lilac accent bow set.
Collection includes score books, trial books, programs, scrapbooks, and photos.
Collection includes self-help, popular fiction, short stories, biographies, and other topics.
Collection includes shower curtains, bath rugs, towels and fabric-covered accessories.
Collection includes single issues and bound titles.
Collection includes some clothing and academic regalia.
Collection includes some historic speeches.
Collection includes speeches, publications, and a bibliography.
Collection includes speeches, sermons, and prayers.
Collection includes student texts, teacher's editions, and workbooks.
Collection includes tables, consoles, chairs and dining room sets.
Collection includes ten items.
Collection includes topographical maps of the world, maps from some foreign governments.
Collection includes trade directories and annual reports.
Collection includes treaties, reports issued by organizations and a wide variety of material.
Collection includes unpublished book manuscripts and family history studies.
Collection includes very rare and beautiful armor including special suits for children and dogs.
Collection includes videos, books, periodicals, pamphlets, and curricula.
Collection includes, photographs, military papers and artifacts.
Collection indicates the location of the book in the library.
Collection introduces core concepts for classroom assistants and volunteers.
Collection involves cutting off young gorse shoots which are inhabited by the mites.
Collection involves gathering and recording information.
Collection is a classical collection of purses, wallets for everyday use by the modern busy woman.
Collection is a grouping of items.
Collection is a more economically priced collection of rings.
Collection is a time of gathering together as a body at the end of each evening.
Collection is a tool for connection.
Collection is a unique blend of stiffened cloth and resin.
Collection is accessed through their online catalog.
Collection is accomplished by discriminating high energy particles from low energy particles.
Collection is added to through gifts and purchases.
Collection is almost non-functional.
Collection is an abstract class.
Collection is another problem.
Collection is arranged alphabetically by main entry, usually author.
Collection is arranged by the type of record and chronological or alphabetical thereunder.
Collection is arranged by type of record and chronological or alphabetical thereunder.
Collection is arranged by type of record and is chronological or alphabetical thereunder.
Collection is at the curb, weekly year-around.
Collection is available for use.
Collection is basically the intake of sunlight into the home.
Collection is bi-weekly according to schedule.
Collection is by appointment and is open only to residents with individual garbage service.
Collection is by appointment only .
Collection is by telephone interview with companies, followed by written verification.
Collection is calendared on cards.
Collection is cancelled on designated holidays.
Collection is cataloged.
Collection is centered primarily on social science-related datasets.
Collection is composed mainly of non-print materials and textbooks.
Collection is contained in two large boxes.
Collection is currently ongoing.
Collection is currently underway as a pilot expansion program.
Collection is diverse, but mechanics is dealt with more extensively than other topics.
Collection is divided according to sections of the state.
Collection is divided into several sections.
Collection is done by slowly draining the water and netting the fish.
Collection is due prior to defense.
Collection is duplicated in part by biology library.
Collection is engagement.
Collection is especially strong in cultures from New Hampshire, the Northeast and the Southwest.
Collection is especially well suited with large sized files.
Collection is every two weeks.
Collection is expanded through gifts and purchases.
Collection is fabulous all the way.
Collection is for classroom instruction or study only.
Collection is for reference purposes only.
Collection is forward energy channeled upward.
Collection is free.
Collection is from the back door of people's homes.
Collection is further deferred for thirty days.
Collection is great for anyone.
Collection is ideal for use in conference rooms and office environments.
Collection is immediately outside and no minibus is required.
Collection is in all subject areas.
Collection is in storage but is open for research.
Collection is indexed and online.
Collection is keyword searchable.
Collection is limited to items that can be lifted by two people.
Collection is located in the Rare Book Room.
Collection is low compared to other institutions due to years of neglect.
Collection is made daily by checkpoints spread all over the country.
Collection is made in the autumn.
Collection is mainly in English, but other Western languages are collected.
Collection is mostly plant life test subjects.
Collection is mounted behind glass and framed in solid hardwood shadow box style.
Collection is never an easy game.
Collection is non-circulating.
Collection is normally at the airport or local office.
Collection is now online.
Collection is often difficult and can also be costly.
Collection is often difficult and can be costly.
Collection is once per week on regular refuse collection day.
Collection is only in jeopardy if one of the conditions allowing a jeopardy assessment exists.
Collection is open to the public.
Collection is open to use by entire student body.
Collection is open.
Collection is particularly strong in the areas of business taxation, and estates and gifts taxation.
Collection is presented in London.
Collection is presented in Milan.
Collection is probably easily portable to other members of the orthodox editor family.
Collection is responsible for the administration of installment agreements.
Collection is scheduled on the same day as city refuse collection.
Collection is scheduled the same day as the regular garbage pick-up.
Collection is searchable by era, keyword, or topic.
Collection is searchable with links to other sites.
Collection is seen as a contributory stream to corporate strategies centered on disposal.
Collection is small and is a reference collection only.
Collection is sponsored by a major university dedicated to creating and maintaining service.
Collection is spread over the first three weeks of the month.
Collection is still updated to include even the newest songs.
Collection is the first stage of the information handling cycle.
Collection is the week opposite of recycling.
Collection is typed copies.
Collection is used on their premises, by appointment only, with few items available for loan.
Collection is viewed.
Collection is weekly with a special trash pickup the first full week of each month.
Collection is worldwide in scope, but Florida species are well represented.
Collection isa group.
Collection makes every piece a collector's dream.
Collection motivates greater efficiency by resource consumers.
Collection notices direct payments and consumer communications to the client.
Collection occurs at the courthouse in Vista, California.
Collection occurs in separate vehicles from normal solid waste collections but on the same day.
Collection offers support of high school curriculum and books in Spanish.
Collection pertains almost entirely to the college's history.
Collection primarily comprises bound volumes of Furbish's sketches and watercolors of flora.
Collection primarily consists of promotional materials for the class.
Collection provides access to a range of materials relating to the performing arts in Australia.
Collection ranges from children's material to sophisticated professional information.
Collection ranges from knick-knacks to furniture.
Collection ranges from postage stamps to early airmail planes.
Collection Refers to a particular grouping of books and other related items.
Collection reflects diversified industrial heritage of York County.
Collection reflects the author's life.
Collection represents a variety of manufacturers.
Collection serves graduate research.
Collection shows landscapes of Utah in various remote locales.
Collection spans six generations of one family, vintage clothing, handmade quilts, beehive oven.
Collection spans the whole era of music machines.
Collection starts out on an artist's canvas.
Collection stresses biological research, bacteriology, immunology, virology.
Collection stresses dentistry and oral health.
Collection supports high school curriculum.
Collection supports teaching and instruction for the chemistry and biology departments.
Collection takes place using open or closed sources.
Collections also aid in organizing access permissions.
Collections also carry out industrially orientated research.
Collections also provide access to to videos, posters and blueprints.
Collections also reflect a focus on current health care issues.
Collections alternate with the seasons.
Collections are a metadata construct which allows grouping of items with a common theme.
Collections are a simple and cost-effective way to handle import and export payments.
Collections are a time consuming and challenging part of any business.
Collections are a working tool of zoological taxonomy.
Collections are accessible to the public with restrictions.
Collections are also vouchers, or evidence, for the existence of a species.
Collections are at constant risk.
Collections are available advance order only .
Collections are available for extended loan to member libraries through interlibrary loan.
Collections are available for national and worldwide use.
Collections are available for research projects by qualified scholars.
Collections are available for use in the library by bonafide researchers.
Collections are available on the web and on CD-ROM for purchase.
Collections are available to all users as the default.
Collections are available to the public.
Collections are balance monthly and remitted to the appropriate departments.
Collections are broadly based and comprehensive.
Collections are by appointment only.
Collections are central and pose some of our most challenging problems.
Collections are comprehensive and rapidly growing larger.
Collections are created by computer programs.
Collections are current and popular.
Collections are currently underway.
Collections are easy to initiate.
Collections are ensembles of distinct entities or objects of any sort.
Collections are extensive, and browsing can produce useful materials for patrons.
Collections are from street curb or where accessible alleys exist.
Collections are generally less costly than letters of credit.
Collections are grouping.
Collections are groups.
Collections are in process for the benefit of the remaining secured lender.
Collections are infrequent, public notice is sub-par, or composting is done poorly.
Collections are international in scope with a focus on the United States.
Collections are just as valuable for their potential information.
Collections are less because interstate and international phone calls are no longer taxed.
Collections are located in garages.
Collections are made in England for needy French refugees.
Collections are often much out of date with little available funding for replacement.
Collections are open for research only and are non-circulating.
Collections are open to serious researchers of the history of the Junior College District.
Collections are pages that have quotational content.
Collections are paramount to achieving the mission of future libraries.
Collections are particularly rich in the Lecanoraceae and Parmeliaceae.
Collections are particularly strong in the arts, humanities and social sciences.
Collections are permanent, and are catalogued and classified from headqnarters.
Collections are personal, often inspired by childhood interests.
Collections are publications.
Collections are quite powerful when compared to arrays.
Collections are sets and thus are unordered.
Collections are sets of objects of the same type.
Collections are special to people for many reasons.
Collections are spotty but expanding.
Collections are super tools for creating and managing data structures.
Collections are the basis of any good museum and archives.
Collections are the basis of systematic observation.
Collections are the single most important research tool available to paleontologists.
Collections are to be timely credited to the proper accounts.
Collections are twice per week on a regular schedule.
Collections are useful in conjunction with procedures for producing formatted reports etc.
Collections are usually in the fall and spring.
Collections are valuable as reference sources and for reluctant readers.
Collections are very weak and number in the millions as confirmed by audit reports.
Collections are vital reference sources for identifying fungi and naming new species.
Collections are well indexed and searchable by artist, title or location via an inhouse database.
Collections become collectivities.
Collections begin here and progress to their future placements.
Collections begin the moment art objects are acquired by the college.
Collections can be as small as a few items, yet as large as space permits.
Collections can be good value for the consumer.
Collections can be less than optimial if they go immediately to the bull stud.
Collections can be time-consuming and expensive.
Collections can contain C types as well as objects.
Collections can contain many different types of objects at the same time.
Collections can contain other collections or documents of different types.
Collections can contain other collections, clusters, or documents of different types.
Collections can either be small collections or large collections .
Collections can give a child a way to share, communicate and compete with other collectors.
Collections can have subcollections.
Collections can hold any kind of data.
Collections can include rocks, leaves, pits from fruit, screws or just about anything.
Collections can include text, pictures, audio, and video.
Collections can range in size from a single sheet of paper to thousands of feet of material.
Collections can take place even after the placenta has delivered.
Collections care workshop notices and book fliers.
Collections comprises the largest film and television archive in Europe.
Collections concetrate on biological diversity, paleontology, botony and entomology.
Collections consist of everything produced by the project.
Collections consist of fixed discrete items.
Collections consist of two samples of accumulator species and one sample of game species.
Collections consists exclusively of static methods that operate on or return collections.
Collections consists of bank records seized by the State of Utah when the banks closed.
Collections consists of materials developed and contributed by libraries.
Collections contain surprises.
Collections contain textual material, drawings, and photographs.
Collections contains sheriff s and justice s papers, personal and shipping papers.
Collections cover a wide range in both space and time.
Collections cover every field of scientific, technical, medical and human knowledge.
Collections cover the curricular areas in the arts, business, education, humanities and sciences.
Collections d'Abiose .
Collections d'auteurs chr tiens.
Collections define a set of core interfaces.
Collections Discover the elegance and luxury that the women of France have known for decades.
Collections document the natural and cultural history of Oklahoma and the world.
Collections encompass materials in a wide variety of media and subject areas.
Collections exceed four million volumes.
Collections extend across Asia from East to West.
Collections focus on art and history of the Southwest with an emphasis on New Mexico.
Collections focus on history of the presidio.
Collections focus on the cultures of Ancient Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Israel, and Turkey.
Collections form the substance at the heart of the museum.
Collections generally range from Rs.
Collections have different properties than museums, although they are often called museums.
Collections have out-paced growth in prices, population adjusted for inflation and personal incomes.
Collections have to be explicitly checked in.
Collections heirarchically organize groups of variables or properties associated with a class.
Collections held by private individuals are even more difficult to inventory.
Collections held by the petroleum industry are also very difficult to assess.
Collections here are also of high value for exploring Chinese calligraphy history.
Collections hierarchically organize groups of variables or properties associated with a class.
Collections includes sculptures, drawings, paintings and other art objects.
Collections includes vertebrate specimens from around the world and faunal surveys.
Collections investigator .
Collections is a standalone product that links directly into our data.
Collections is a tool to collect recurring dues, fees or invoices from members or clients.
Collections is Commercial.
Collections is so much better than that.
Collections is the place to begin.
Collections made in several caves await examination by species experts.
Collections overview - an overview of their perception, needs and significance.
Collections patrimoniales et documentation.
Collections persist across rounds.
Collections pictures A collection of all picture objects contained in the metafile.
Collections principally come from taxes and sale of government assets plus other fees collected.
Collections provide a very powerful way to group items on a page.
Collections provide a way to group related objects.
Collections provide general coverage of subjects and reflect the characteristics of the community.
Collections provides visitors with a visual tour of what the media center has to offer.
Collections pulls together the various components that go to make up a Web page into a single place.
Collections range from ancient papyri to the avant-garde.
Collections range from ancient to contemporary.
Collections range from clothing and masks, to household and hunting equipment.
Collections range from palms and endangered cycads through to culinary and medicinal herbs.
Collections range from postage stamps to a wide variety of three-dimensional objects.
Collections range from romantic condos and suites, to lovely rooms with or without jacuzzi.
Collections range in size from a few thousand items to hundreds of thousands.
Collections range in size from over a hundred boxes to a single item.
Collections range in size from the tens of thousands to a handful of images.
Collections range in size from the window ledge variety, to multiple greenhouses.
Collections reflect the needs of the curriculum and student interests.
Collections reflect the selectors' world view and attitudes.
Collections relate to the history of Rochester, as do library materials.
Collections related to Nicaragua constitute a unique archival resource.
Collections relating to the Philippines, to Indonesia, and to Vietnam are particularly strong.
Collections relating to women are rich in extent and variety.
Collections represent Detroit's ethnic, urban and social history.
Collections represent the past by displaying and explaining specific, tangible remains.
Collections require a lot of work so that they remain viable entities.
Collections rotate each quarter.
Collections rotate every six months.
Collections rotate every ten weeks.
Collections scheduled to date follow below.
Collections seem to be down from last year.
Collections seems to be where most of the problems occur.
Collections Select a collections page from the drop-down menu.
Collections show a mixed picture.
Collections showcase current and past technology, natural wonders, art, animals and much more.
Collections span the major subject fields except for the applied sciences.
Collections span the major subject fields, except for the applied sciences.
Collections store parts of document index.
Collections support research about the United States.
Collections take place once a week on scheduled routes.
Collections try to inject humanity into science.
Collections use the same hierarchical structuring of information as directories do.
Collections vary a great deal from one historical society to another.
Collections vary from soft florals to wild stained glass colors.
Collections vary in size from one volume to hundreds of boxes.
Collections viewable on slide show or video.
Collections work like the arrays found in most third-generation programming languages.
Collections Work with registrar to label and identify objects in the museum's collection.
Collections Works in various commercial and private collections.
Collection often involves a mixture of techniques which are selected by the restorationist.
Collections often look unkempt.
Collection usually involves in-person meetings and site visits of areas being benchmarked.
Collections usually measure between seven and eight percent.
All collection slides to one day later.
All collections are accessible.
All collections are available for examination and study in the library.
All collections are available for research use.
All collections are available in wine coolers, fruit bowls and mugs.
All collections are due during the last scheduled laboratory.
All collections are easy to search using a variety of computer databases.
All collections are in close proximity to their research and teaching applications.
All collections are limited editions.
All collections are non-circulating.
All collections are particularly strong in areas of faculty research activity.
All collections are searchable by words in a title, chapter, or paragraph.
All collections are searchable through an advanced text retrieval system.
All collections are weekly.
All collections are well-known works of art and can be subject to the strictest appraisal.
All collections are women's fashions unless otherwise indicated.
All collections contain a large number of unworked material awaiting description.
All collections contain styles for both men and women.
All collections contains both rocks and minerals.
All collections have an Indiana connection.
All collections have their specific limitations, even big collections in big museums.
All collections is sold complete.
All collections selected for inclusion in the project are available online.
All collections serve different purposes, including teaching, research, and public service.
Every collection copies all live data.
Every collection has a list of distinct collection tags contained in that collection.
Every collection has to be associated with a collector.
Every collection is odder than odd, and has a poignant story attached.
Every collection is produced exactly for the client.
Many collections also have more detailed narrative finding aids or container lists.
Many collections are available on the Web.
Many collections are incomplete.
Many collections consist of a single aggregate.
Many collections contain black and white photos, as well as color prints and slides.
Many collections contain the unit copy of a War Diary from the First or Second World War.
Many collections have artifacts included.
Many collections lack collection numbers.
Many collections require permission to publish and fees for reproduction.
Many collections still lack any handlist.
Many collections store their exuviae in alcohol, or dry, in vials.
More Collection is a personalised language learning package.
Most collections are of small area, hence pause times are typically short.
Most collections are on a weekly basis.
Most collections are room use only.
Most collections fall in the former category.
Most collections feature people.
Most collections have dance sounds first and then tack on the space sounds.
Most collections have search capability.
Most collections have significant ac ademic and journalistic distinction.
Most collections take place at the time when new phone books are delivered.
Some collection is undertaken in United States economic history.
Some collections also require a special permission of use.
Some collections are available on microform.
Some collections are available online.
Some collections are global, while others focus on specific regions of the world.
Some collections are good enough to be loaned to museums.
Some collections are images, forms, links and rows.
Some collections are large, and their contents can be of remarkably uniform appearance.
Some collections are more publicised and some more intelligently interpreted than others.
Some collections are more selective than others.
Some collections are on display for viewing by students, teachers, and visiting scholars.
Some collections are really super-indexes with little in the way of annotation or organization.
Some collections are selective and provide a subject classification scheme.
Some collections are simply random.
Some collections are static, whilst other are actively growing.
Some collections are unprocessed and use is restricted.
Some collections can become quite valuable.
Some collections circulate to all borrowers for only three weeks.
Some collections contain two cards of each design, one to keep and the other to send away.
Some collections found here have limited subject access.
Some collections have nothing in common.
Some collections have particular user restrictions as required by law or imposed by donors.
Some collections have restrictions placed on access by their donors or creators.
Some collections have restrictions.
Some collections have specific conditions of access.
Some collections lend themselves to opening up discussion in a particular field.
Some collections provide both free and commercial images, clearly indicating which ones are which.
Some collections provide special presentations that explore a theme represented in the collection.
Some collections represent new distributional records for species on the peninsula.
Some collections reveal the impact of influential New England intellectual trends on everyday life.
Some collections use a different paradigm.
All collections frameworks contain three things.
Collective action brings self-confidence.
Collective action builds the relationships that make coalitions work.
Collective action draws on an international spectrum of individual institutional strengths.
Collective action is absolutely fundamental to defend our interests and achieve our goals.
Collective action is essential to any strategy for job and career security for registered nurses.
Collective action is required.
Collective action is scoffed at.
Collective action is the most effective means of achieving happy and healthy workplaces.
Collective action is the only way to bring fiscal sanity back to government.
Collective action is the source of our strength as workers.
Collective agreement is a contract
Collective agreements are agreements that cover two or more employees who are union members.
Collective agreements are beneficial for students as well as being necessary for teachers.
All collective agreements are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Collective automatism occurs when more than one person is operating the board.
A collective bargaining is negotiation
Collective bargaining are negotiation.
Collective bargaining assures the rights of teachers.
Collective bargaining begins after lunch.
Collective bargaining can benefit residents and patients in several ways.
Collective bargaining continues to add complexity to our appraisal and merit processes.
Collective bargaining continues to be viewed as such a vehicle.
Collective bargaining involves more than just officer salary and benefits.
Collective bargaining is a complex process dealing with important interests.
Collective bargaining is a fluid process that requires flexibility.
Collective bargaining is a matter of power.
Collective bargaining is a power relationship.
Collective bargaining is a system that works for women.
Collective bargaining is a tool for addressing workplace concerns.
Collective bargaining is a tool used to determine work place conditions.
Collective bargaining is a well-established principle.
Collective bargaining is among the most important issues in graduate medical education.
Collective bargaining is an adversarial process that can get nasty.
Collective bargaining is an important part of public higher education in New Jersey.
Collective bargaining is anti-democratic.
Collective bargaining is at an impasse.
Collective bargaining is basically the renegotiation of the union contract with a company.
Collective bargaining is common in many sectors of the economy.
Collective bargaining is complex and expensive.
Collective bargaining is conducted centrally.
Collective bargaining is conducted locally and is presently under review.
Collective bargaining is defined in detail.
Collective bargaining is effective.
Collective bargaining is in effect an adversarial relationship.
Collective bargaining is just one tool in our continuum of trying to modify the problems.
Collective bargaining is nearly nonexistent, especially in the private sector.
Collective bargaining is nonexistent.
Collective bargaining is our best opportunity to address the increase in hours.
Collective bargaining is practiced widely, and unions are free of government control.
Collective bargaining is professional .
Collective bargaining is professional.
Collective bargaining is protected by law and is widespread in practice.
Collective bargaining is recognised in the Labour Relations Act and the Constitution.
Collective bargaining is required before a strike.
Collective bargaining is the expression in practice of freedom of association in the world of work.
Collective bargaining is the expression of citizenship in employment.
Collective bargaining is the lifeblood of the trade union movement.
Collective bargaining is the process by which a union gains a contract with an employer.
Collective bargaining is the rule, instead, and the normal method of action.
Collective bargaining is undertaken locally.
Collective bargaining is where unions and their employers set pay scales and working conditions.
Collective bargaining needs the support of other elements of economic and social policy.
Collective bargaining needs to be seen from a broader perspective.
Collective bargaining occurs even though unions are small and fragmented.
Collective bargaining occurs when workers allow the union to negotiate on their behalf.
Collective bargaining remains a uniquely American success story.
Collective behavior consists of a groups reaction to some situation.
Collective behavior is a distinguishing characteristic of a plasma.
Collective behavior is measured.
Collective behavior needs both an social environmental context and a stimulus or trigger.
Collective behaviour is unique, there are lots of ways communicating.
Collective choice is analyzed using election theory, weighted voting, and apportionment.
Collective communication involves every process in a specified group .
Collective communication is a form of electronic democracy.
Collective communication means all processes within a communicator call the same routine.
Collective communication routines.
Collective communications exist in blocking mode only.
Collective concepts taken from the language of everyday life have particularly unwholesome effects.
Collective consciousness is very selective and like history very subjective.
Collective decision making further restrains leaders' personal ambitions.
Collective decision making with global communication is affected by communication delays.
Collective defence is a stabilising factor in world politics.
Collective defence is a stabilizing factor in world politics.
Collective defense is a stabilizing factor in world politics.
Collective defense is better than going it alone.
Collective defense remains the core of the alliance.
Collective discipline is obtained as if by magic force.
Collective effect is of one large shingle-style house.
Collective effort is more likely to produce a long-term solution that benefits everyone.
All collective endeavours involves a constant process of sampling and 'copy and paste'.
Collective experience comes to bear, usually, as the experience of trusted experts and authorities .
A collective farm is a collective
Collective farms are common throughout the region.
Collective flights are a characteristic feature of starling behavior.
Collective flow is thought to be a sign of the compression of nuclear matter.
Collective governments claim it was an easy decision.
Collective growers have no limits.
Collective guilt is borne by what is conventionally called the scapegoat.
Collective horror is experienced when they turn out to have experimented with drugs.
Collective identity is conceived of as a multi-layered structure, glued by an affective core.
Collective improvisation involves a unique combination of soul, empathy and intuition.
Collective improvisation is the musical direction.
Collective incentives are inherently flawed.
Collective information is for marketing purposes only.
Collective information is gathered and distributed through reports.
Collective inspiration comes in waves that break upon the shores of discrete periods in history.
Collective intelligence is a property that can be found in both natural and artificial systems.
Collective interests are to be the primary ones.
Collective investment accounts with very limited ownership by restricted persons .
Collective knowledge can provide a range of expertise in solving problems.
More collective knowledge means more information exchange among members.
Collective leadership is worth attending to.
Collective links help to maximize exposure and increase ratings in search engines.
Collective living is important in region.
Collective management is no management at all.
Collective marks are now registrable.
Collective marks are registrable.
Collective measures are here to stay. . . .
Collective meetings are also closed to men.
Collective meetings are private.
Collective members can nominate three representatives.
Collective members exercise their rights through their representatives.
Collective memberships have only one vote.
Collective memory is a collection of data and outlook regarding the future of a specific society.
Collective memory is quite the same.
Collective moods can have an incredible impact on a day, a week, or maybe even a year.
Collective neglect is a good way to turn a child's heart into a pebble.
Collective negotiation is something that's been under way in other countries for a number of years.
A collective noun is a noun
Collective nouns are countable.
Collective nouns are nouns.
Collective nouns are plural if the writer considers the members of the group individually.
Collective nouns are usually singular.
Collective nouns can be singular or plural, depending on how they are used in a sentence.
Collective operations present the file system with opportunities to improve efficiency.
Collective parking is subject to all previously stated parking requirements.
Collective prayer is very effective.
Collective processes underlie many of the important phenomena in physics.
Collective projects have priority as they create jobs.
Collective punishment is a distinguishing feature of history's most notorious outlaw states.
Collective punishment is part of the new world order.
Collective representation gives students considerable power to influence decision making.
Collective resources meets puritanism.
Collective response See joint response.
Collective responsibility implies collective punishment.
Collective responsibility is distinguished here from shared responsibility and moral taint.
Collective rights are inherent, inborn in indigenous peoples or ancestral civilisations.
Collective security is designed to be inclusive.
Collective security is peace
Collective security is seen as the best way to deal with the reluctant Russian bear.
Collective sins are no more profitable than private sins.
Collective survival reveals the rules of social behaviour.
Collective variables combine to define overall behavior of system.
Collective vehicles are also able to use their size to diversify, reducing risk.
Collective visas are obtainable for organised groups.
Collective wisdom combined with a well-orchestrated team approach produces amazing results.
Collective wisdom is at work.
Collective work breaks with caudillismo, and it coordinates common interests.
Collective work is welcome .
Collective work requires that people assume particular roles.
A collective is an enterprise
Collectives are hard to operate on a joint financial basis.
Collectives lead to concepts and patterns lead to theories.
Collectively Workers are free to organize and to participate in collective bargaining.
Collectively Workers are free, in law and practice, to organize and bargain collectively.
Collectivism continues to be pivotal in advertising.
Collectivism denotes managing all affairs in a collective way.
Collectivism describes One answer only.
Collectivism encompasses all the ism's that seek to enslave man.
Collectivism is a disaster.
Collectivism is another nihilist mutant.
Collectivism is based on the altruist code of morality.
Collectivism is communism
Collectivism is compatible with the one-party model.
Collectivism is Left.
Collectivism is silly, deceitful, a sin.
Collectivism is the doctrine embraced by every party in parliament.
Collectivism is, therefore, a fantasy.
Collectivism leads to concentration camps, leader worship and war.
Collectivism leads to concentration camps, leader worship, and war.
Collectivism means viewing people as interchangeable units of a group.
Collectivism proclaims high ideals and promises reforms.
Collectivism promotes collective guilt.
Collectivism thus becomes a flexible term to be used for purposes of propaganda.
Collectivist organizations are the least efficient way to achieve anything complicated.
Collectivist process is the goal.
Collectivist societies place great value on achieving and maintaining group harmony.
A collectivist is a socialist
Collectivists are by definition manipulators.
Collectivization is a leveling of life in order to stifle everything creative in a human being.
Collectivization is an establishment
Collector currents depend on base emitter voltage.
Collector editions are a little more detailed and therefore fragile.
Collector roads combine with rural roads to form integrated production corridors.
Collector roads convey traffic from residential roads to larger roads called arterials.
A collector is a person
Collector buys games too.
Collector checks the box which describes the reason for test.
Collector considers Ottawa perfect place for permanent museum.
Collector is at top and storage vessel below connected by a polyethylene tube.
Collector is ready to go with a click of the mouse.
Collector is responsible for assessment and collection of the tax.
Collector is responsible for ensuring the collection site facilities are clean and well lighted.
Collector isa individual.
Collector isa person.
Collector isa somebody.
Collector isa someone.
Collector means one who collects ginseng in New York State.
Collector offers a photo gallery and information about mostly British telephones.
Collector receives specimen and places cap securely on container.
Collectors also enjoy the challenges and rewards of their job.
Collectors also like radios with colored, rather than black or white, cases.
Collectors also pay close attention to the martingales on which the brasses are attached.
Collectors also prize specific regions or cities.
Collectors also pursue pieces with rich, dark colors.
Collectors also share another common trait, a desire for secrecy.
Collectors also take specimen shells, and some can fetch thousands of dollars in the right markets.
Collectors appreciate the many color forms but especially seek out reds and greens.
Collectors appreciate the motif, and many filled bottles ended up in cabinets.
Collectors are a bizarre bunch.
Collectors are a breed apart.
Collectors are a passionate bunch, so there is no end to the information out there. .
Collectors are a strange sort.
Collectors are also less interested in less common pen brands.
Collectors are always welcome at the shop to talk and look at notes.
Collectors are always welcome to visit but with an appointment.
Collectors are available in six styles and in a large variety of color patterns.
Collectors are capable of trade cards.
Collectors are craters.
Collectors are educated on ethically harvesting for a sustainable future.
Collectors are electrodes.
Collectors are fickle.
Collectors are generally more comfortable with paintings.
Collectors are good, but essentially misguided.
Collectors are hobbyists.
Collectors are individuals or businesses that collect recyclable materials.
Collectors are interested in items that are in fine or at least good condition.
Collectors are interested in purchasing several of the same item.
Collectors are interested, but the wider world is even more so.
Collectors are much more informed and careful now.
Collectors are now investors, and vice versa.
Collectors are numerous and often have many different cultivars in their collections.
Collectors are often at odds with libraries because their motivations are somewhat different.
Collectors are often interested in both the history and the operation of firearms.
Collectors are often willing to pay dearly for books to round out a library.
Collectors are only interested in certain books.
Collectors are part of transistors.
Collectors are people.
Collectors are rodent protected.
Collectors are scholarly people who demand reliable, complete documentation.
Collectors are the least fussy about the condition if the technique is very special.
Collectors are trained on the job.
Collectors are various individuals and organizations that specialize in brewerania.
Collectors are wary of the size of the editions, and worry about being taken.
Collectors are welcome to post announcements of what they are seeking or selling.
Collectors are workers.
Collectors are, after all, closet curators and vice versa.
Collectors are, of course, a different kettle of fish.
Collectors avidly buy old scrapbooks, the older the better.
Collectors become experts in communication, especially in listening.
Collectors benefit consumers by helping to keep down the prices of goods and services.
Collectors bid until they got what they wanted.
Collectors build collections, Investors build portfolios.
Collectors build up nutrients in their own biomass or fecal pellets.
Collectors buy belts.
Collectors buy music and buy downloads.
Collectors can add significantly to our knowledge of Odonata if their collecting is done with care.
Collectors can also contact an employer after a final court judgment has been made on the debt.
Collectors can also make their own screens with wooden or plexiglass frames.
Collectors can also put in cards they wish to purchase, and keep track of their latest prices.
Collectors can also share and exchange collecting experiences with others.
Collectors can be either volunteers or paid collectors.
Collectors can browse the Web and find many of their cherished books.
Collectors can Buy and Sell music memorabilia quickly and easily.
Collectors can confirm a vehicles uniqueness, collectability and date of production.
Collectors can create their own definition of completeness, and that's part of the fun.
Collectors can discover the spores' color by making a spore print.
Collectors can expect many, many new and wonderful fashions in the future.
Collectors can expect to add yet another gorgeous cloth map to their cache.
Collectors can find colored fashion plates in many places.
Collectors can find lots of goods for sale in notes posted on news groups or at Web sites.
Collectors can find the dust jackets that make their modern firsts fully valuable.
Collectors can further identify Security pens by their unique clip.
Collectors can get the same number on prints in following years.
Collectors can have T-shirts proclaiming their interests.
Collectors can now see how each country interpreted the era.
Collectors can protect themselves from possible forgeries by working with reputable dealers.
Collectors can purchase shells, or trade for shells with shells from their own collection.
Collectors can see the tagging by using an shortwave or longwave ultraviolet light.
Collectors can set their own financial limits.
Collectors can shop in the comfort of their own home.
Collectors can take the debtors bank information while on the phone and schedule payments.
Collectors can unload continuously or in batches.
Collectors can use company name and collecting category indexes to put a price on their collections.
Collectors can use the book to purchase prints by their favorite artists.
Collectors can work out payment schedules with delinquent taxpayers.
Collectors care about labels and pay less if labels are defaced by stickers or writing.
Collectors collect payments on overdue accounts and loans.
Collectors come apart nicely enough.
Collectors come by to see yer ol' Tikitrader often and sell, as well as trade, older tiki mugs.
Collectors come for limited edition artist prints.
Collectors come from a long way to find one of the little stones.
Collectors come from all over to find exactly what they have been looking for.
Collectors come from every state and abroad, all to shop the world-famous Round Top Antiques Fair.
Collectors come in all stripes and colors and they collect stuff of nearly infinite variety.
Collectors construct their own packs from their collections.
Collectors continually debate which records are the most valuable.
Collectors continue to snap up work by new painters who promise to be serious art-world players.
Collectors deal directly with one another.
Collectors definitely own books.
Collectors demand a high-quality online environment.
Collectors demand that prints last forever and then some.
Collectors describe the heads as white or ashy- gray and the flowers themselves as whitish.
Collectors display and demonstrate pre-World War II marine engines and engine models.
Collectors do it in sets.
Collectors do it.
Collectors do seem to require some tangible form of property to collect.
Collectors drive the market here.
Collectors eagerly pay five hundred for that rig today.
Collectors eagerly seek material from football's formative years.
Collectors enjoy arranging vehicles in the compartments the way they like best.
Collectors enjoy our no interest time payment plans.
Collectors enjoy the search for all possible colors and variations.
Collectors face many problems in identifying plastics.
Collectors favor programs and unused tickets, especially from the first five games.
Collectors find patina desirable.
Collectors find rarer dates in junk coins with some frequency.
Collectors find such openness unusal in a business that has a reputation for being elitist.
Collectors focus on minuscule details to justify paying exorbitant prices.
Collectors focus upon works that are indisputably authentic.
Collectors gather data from databases, events and applications.
Collectors gather information.
Collectors gather to buy, sell and trade.
Collectors generally know how to shop for value.
Collectors generally prefer to collect stationery as entire pieces rather than as cut squares.
Collectors give to museums as a way of sharing their passion for a style, subject or artist.
Collectors guide to cylinder phonograph.
Collectors guide to early photographs.
Collectors guide with links to collectors and dealers.
Collectors handle both thgough and access traffic to adjoining properties.
Collectors have (part) arms.
Collectors have (part) body substances.
Collectors have (part) cell membranes.
Collectors have (part) cells.
Collectors have (part) corpi.
Collectors have (part) cytoplasm.
Collectors have (part) heads.
Collectors have (part) human bodies.
Collectors have (part) legs.
Collectors have (part) material bodies.
Collectors have (part) necks.
Collectors have (part) nuclei.
Collectors have (part) personality.
Collectors have (part) plasma membranes.
Collectors have (part) sections.
Collectors have (part) vacuoles.
Collectors have a doorway to art worldwide.
Collectors have a lot of nerve and present themselves authoritatively.
Collectors have a vast knowledge of collection techniques, technology and compliance issues.
Collectors have access to thousands of original works of art.
Collectors have an opportunity to own important works.
Collectors have different motives.
Collectors have some, but most no longer exist.
Collectors have specific criteria for the things they collect.
Collectors have their own preferences.
Collectors host impromptu chats on America On Line at various times.
Collectors hunt the original cast album.
Collectors identify the varieties of plants they locate by a site number.
Collectors insist performances recorded long ago can sound best in their original format.
Collectors invest considerable time, money and effort in their collections.
Collectors just plough in anywhere and keep going.
Collectors keep coming, though.
Collectors know details.
Collectors know of existence.
Collectors know their value can vary wildly, depending on condition.
Collectors leave our ukes alone.
Collectors like individually signed baseballs and they also like their cards that way.
Collectors like to collect something that continues to be produced.
Collectors like to engage debtors in lengthy conversations.
Collectors like to feel surrounded by their passions, their loves, their collections.
Collectors like to feel they're getting good deals no matter who they are or what they buy.
Collectors link , trade list , image archive.
Collectors look for a number of factors to determine the desirability of a given bottles.
Collectors look for pieces that are marked or signed by the designer.
Collectors love some state maps more than others, which drives up their price.
Collectors make price judgments every time they buy.
Collectors make slight incisions or slashes in the stout lower branches with a special knife.
Collectors negotiate payments on overdue accounts and bad cheques.
Collectors note bodies of water, buildings and roads.
Collectors note bodies of water, streams and rivers, buildings and roads.
Collectors notice that.
Collectors now have immediate access to online dealers and catalogues.
Collectors now have the chance to own an image of what has become a part of Amelia Island.
Collectors now prize the crime and horror comics of the postwar era.
Collectors now research and compare before they buy.
Collectors only know it by name but never saw one.
Collectors only provide collection service for recyclable material.
Collectors paradise carrying most British collectibles.
Collectors particularly appreciate a guarantee of satisfaction.
Collectors pay a price.
Collectors pay ransoms for divisions of prized or rare specimens.
Collectors prefer art without a frame.
Collectors prefer knowing the history behind what they're buying and pay for that privilege.
Collectors prefer patinas that are solid and stable.
Collectors prefer plain matte green over ones that have applied decorations.
Collectors preserve the artifacts of a time before touch-tone and cordless became the norm.
Collectors produce an enormous amount of heat and superheated steam.
Collectors provide both mobility and land access.
Collectors question the quality while others praise the new presentation.
Collectors realize that early items for future Presidents grow strongly in value.
Collectors receive one piece each.
Collectors remain at the mercy of their philatelic product suppliers.
Collectors remove seeds.
Collectors search for canes from the past as well as modern folk canes.
Collectors search for the defective ones to have the most unique collection .
Collectors search for the defective ones to have the most unique collection.
Collectors seek both inkwells and inkstands.
Collectors seek quality brasses that contain a high copper content and less zinc and tin.
Collectors seem to collect to exist.
Collectors seem to like the personal touch the handwritten pieces offer.
Collectors seem willing to wait for the piece in pristine condition.
Collectors sell small lots of covers.
Collectors send in photos and classified ads to be run offering artifacts for sale.
Collectors separate Greek coins into periods by date.
Collectors shape their collections the same way that artists shape their bodies of work.
Collectors share a common bond - their love of matchcovers and matchboxes.
Collectors share a passion and have a bond.
Collectors share information.
Collectors signal changes in their availability to take incoming collection calls.
Collectors snap up special editions as soon as they hit the shelves.
Collectors specialize in animals, ships, famous persons, etc.
Collectors specialize in collecting past due accounts owed to others.
Collectors strive to have every release by an artist.
Collectors Take a sack to the library to help carry books in and out.
Collectors take debtors bank information and schedule payments while on the phone.
Collectors take note .
Collectors take note.
Collectors tend to avoid books that show foxing unless no unfoxed copies can be found.
Collectors tend to select a style that they like and look for pieces that fit that style and era.
Collectors track cotton in Latin America to stay ahead of habitat destruction.
Collectors trade similar items, and individuals trade opposites.
Collectors transmit the light to an absorbing material.
Collectors travel to auctions to find big or unusual racks.
Collectors typically hunt for mint to near mint condition copies of their favorite books.
Collectors use hands.
Collectors use jargon to soften the negative impact of their inventory.
Collectors use techniques.
Collectors use their imagination to suit their flow blue to their lifestyle.
Collectors value the toy at a grand or more.
Collectors vie to acquire centuries-old masterpieces from art dealers.
Collectors visit from as far as Great Britain and Japan to peruse the stock.
Collectors welcome to inspect the very large stock during normal shop hours.
Collectors work flexible schedules.
Collectors work in teams of three.
Collectors work on either side of the conveyor belt.
Collectors work schedules.
Collectors work within the concealment of the forest where no one is watching.
Collectors always prefer clocks in good working order.
Collectors often face resistance while trying to do their job duties.
Collectors often focus on one school, or even a particular period within a school.
Collectors often inject cyanide into reefs in order to stun the fish that dwell there.
Collectors often make threats about lawsuits and ruining a debtor's credit report.
Collectors often try to acquire their favorite titles in every known variant.
Collectors often use computers and a variety of automated systems to keep track of overdue accounts.
Collectors sometimes enjoy the interplay of dimensionality by displaying it with abstract paintings.
Collectors usually crave nice specimens of verified tennantite.
Collectors usually get only one or two postmarks on a postcard.
Collectors usually refer to certain items as their tool of the trades.
Collectors usually start acquiring decanters quite by accident.
All collectors welcome.
Every collector comes up with their own solution for storing and displaying minerals.
Every collector is blessed with several items given by well wishing friends and relatives.
Every collector is different, with varying objectives and levels of involvement.
Every collector knows that special paint schemes are a driving force in the die-cast market.
Every collector needs the proper tools to correctly evaluate the marbles in their collection.
Every collector receives a detailed collector's kit which includes an identification sticker.
Every collector thinks the first consideration of display lighting is color temperature.
Many collectors actually prefer a machine which has the casino name.
Many collectors actually prefer their autographs to be personalized, even if it's to someone else.
Many collectors also collect paper licenses, but the badges tend to have more value.
Many collectors are also investors at heart.
Many collectors are confused and think the patent date is the date of the lure in hand.
Many collectors are very particular about nicks, scratches or tears in a book, for example.
Many collectors become very good buyers.
Many collectors believe they are nothing more than fakes made for collectors.
Many collectors buy and collect year-round.
Many collectors buy art through art galleries.
Many collectors carry the idea of the postmark even further, and get an appropriate date.
Many collectors choose a single country of interest, such as their own.
Many collectors choose a theme.
Many collectors collect beer cans from only a certain geographical area or a specific brewery.
Many collectors collect by a specific theme or category.
Many collectors collect prop plates.
Many collectors concentrate on a specific subject or author.
Many collectors consider incomplete packets or single reels of little or no value.
Many collectors develop a true love for certain, collectible items.
Many collectors develop an interest in Chinese art through an appreciation of snuff bottles.
Many collectors display their favorite cover art in frames on their walls.
Many collectors enjoy fixing up dolls in poor condition, acquired inexpensively.
Many collectors enjoy having four or six different designs instead of one, forming their own set.
Many collectors exchange minerals with others.
Many collectors find it particularly interesting collecting species from the same geographical area.
Many collectors focus on a certain topic.
Many collectors focus on one artist or one publisher's cards.
Many collectors focus their energies on finding graduated sizes of the same pattern for nesting.
Many collectors hav e gotten great results using high-quality aerosol paint.
Many collectors have at least one or more gold coins in their collection.
Many collectors have cards in the millions.
Many collectors have websites on which they sell bottles.
Many collectors keep files or a notebook of every collection they make.
Many collectors look at the back of the badge first to help determine authenticity.
Many collectors look for newly discovered artists when their work first becomes available.
Many collectors prefer to get their best cards professionally graded.
Many collectors readily acquire most species in a relatively short period of time.
Many collectors routinely violate the federal law that regulates their activity.
Many collectors save any mineral type they find.
Many collectors save the varieties in watermarks.
Many collectors seek celebrity matchcovers.
Many collectors select complete sets from particular years.
Many collectors select ornaments to commemorate births and anniversaries, new jobs and new homes.
Many collectors sit around with stacks of porn, and nothing to play it on.
Many collectors specialize in first day covers.
Many collectors specialize in specific time periods, materials, and designs.
Many collectors specialize.
Many collectors start with a spot in the bottom of a spare closet.
Many collectors still prefer dolls with features of a child but dressed as an adult.
Many collectors strive to collect mineral specimens of certain typical and abnormal habits.
Many collectors tag their collections to prevent later mix-ups.
Many collectors think of a signature as a mark of completion and authenticity.
Many collectors think so and have decided to save the commemorative coins.
Many collectors use several stages of filters in series to enhance the efficient.
More collectors collect the entire state than focus on specific areas.
Most collectors are funny about having the insurance company appraise their property.
Most collectors are interested in more than one type of collection.
Most collectors are skilled in both drug and alcohol collections.
Most collectors are women between ten and twenty.
Most collectors avoid damaged coins.
Most collectors buy coins from fixed-price catalogs.
Most collectors call and check to see if the items they are interested in are still available.
Most collectors collect by town, merchant or die.
Most collectors collect California by county or by a small group of counties.
Most collectors collect only new.
Most collectors concentrate on a particular type of instrument or maker.
Most collectors demand high quality, it costs money to produce it.
Most collectors favor Tangerine on the red side.
Most collectors feel the same about deadwood as they do cracks.
Most collectors focus on collectibles from the old Duncan company.
Most collectors gather information.
Most collectors have a theme for their collections.
Most collectors have several editions in their numismatic library.
Most collectors have several magnifiers for various views.
Most collectors just say no.
Most collectors know details.
Most collectors know of existence.
Most collectors mount their stamps in specially designed books called stamp albums.
Most collectors offer reduced rates for curbside collection of refuse.
Most collectors pay with credit cards, while others cut checks and a few pay with cash.
Most collectors prefer a stained original face to a clean repainted face.
Most collectors prefer coins in the best condition possible, for obvious reasons.
Most collectors prefer coins in the best condition possible.
Most collectors prefer dolls in mint condition, which means the ones with unbobbled heads.
Most collectors prefer one with a chisel-like rear section.
Most collectors prefer the earlier pieces because they tend to have better detail in the painting.
Most collectors prefer the ladies to babies and children.
Most collectors prefer the marks of age in a hundred year old key to a shiny like-new appearance.
Most collectors prefer their coins to be in mint condition, or at least as close as possible.
Most collectors prefer to collect mint condition duck stamps.
Most collectors prefer to obtain posters which are rolled rather than folded.
Most collectors pursue more than one collectible.
Most collectors recall making trips and bringing home a piece of majolica as a prize.
Most collectors remove seeds.
Most collectors share information.
Most collectors specialize in order to gain solid expertise in one category.
Most collectors start by trying to collect everything on very little money.
Most collectors start out carrying their tools in a bucket.
Most collectors try to find their favorite cars in their favorite colors.
Most collectors use hands.
Most collectors use techniques.
Most collectors use their glassware.
Most collectors view it as a novelty, and that's a fairly accurate view.
Most collectors work flexible schedules.
Some collectors adamantly demand fixed sums from potential donors.
Some collectors aid their search for mushrooms with leaf blowers or garden rakes.
Some collectors also develop an affinity for cards by a specific artist.
Some collectors also gravitate toward the aesthetics of tools.
Some collectors also specialize in decorative maps.
Some collectors are even a little scornful of the antiqued brown set because they are easily found.
Some collectors are just interested in codes, or share photos they took when traveling.
Some collectors are magnanimous and patronise art for the sake of cultural health.
Some collectors are only interested in the first cards or rookie cards of certain players.
Some collectors are quite happy with backing and nothing else.
Some collectors are sentenced to death.
Some collectors buff the area, to make it slightly rough, so the ink sticks better.
Some collectors buy every piece, some buy one a year.
Some collectors care little about condition.
Some collectors choose a favorite book and collect every edition published.
Some collectors choose to concentrate geographically.
Some collectors collect dolls.
Some collectors concentrate on the Western tea tradition, others on the East.
Some collectors construct screening rooms or adapt existing living spaces into screening rooms.
Some collectors contribute knowledge.
Some collectors develop principles.
Some collectors do prefer smaller maps since they are less expensive and easier to store.
Some collectors enclose cash with their stamps and have incurred none, or very little losses.
Some collectors enjoy logging on each day but also enjoy getting printed journals in the mail.
Some collectors even collect postmarks from ships - it is all quite an interesting subject.
Some collectors even prefer the reproduction jars.
Some collectors even rent space in a neighborhood mini-warehouse.
Some collectors feel that a ticking clock is the heart of a home.
Some collectors find fish.
Some collectors focus on a particular detective or character.
Some collectors focus on just one region.
Some collectors focus their search for a single pattern.
Some collectors give statements.
Some collectors go after one of every kind.
Some collectors go as far as competing in their restored cars.
Some collectors go to a show to look for one coin.
Some collectors greatly value coins that show full legends and design.
Some collectors have a keen interest in the design of stamps and want more than just the stamp.
Some collectors have a special area of interest.
Some collectors have no certification at all.
Some collectors have the money to spend and can restore equipment quickly.
Some collectors have thumbnail and micromount collections.
Some collectors have versions.
Some collectors identify habitats.
Some collectors identify locations.
Some collectors identify specific habitats.
Some collectors keep butterflies.
Some collectors like to buy reproductions for everyday use.
Some collectors like to focus on specific states, or counties, or regions.
Some collectors like to keep their cards in photo albums so they can read the backs of the cards.
Some collectors like to use baking soda as a cleaning method to make a worn coin look shiny and new.
Some collectors look for counterproofs because of their rarity as well as for their curiosity value.
Some collectors make clocks with an appropriate off center coin at each hour on the dial face.
Some collectors make dramatic exhibits with fluorescent minerals.
Some collectors make few notes on, the persons, places, or incidents shown on the stamps.
Some collectors make purposes.
Some collectors never learn, it seems.
Some collectors offer expansion.
Some collectors offer suspension of service and charges.
Some collectors only collect master ground set-ups.
Some collectors own other breeds.
Some collectors paint the plaster surrounding the actual track before displaying.
Some collectors pick only photos of buildings, trains or elephants.
Some collectors prefer bats that include the team name in the labeling for display purposes.
Some collectors prefer first editions.
Some collectors prize the wrappers.
Some collectors purchase by price point.
Some collectors put a white dot on each sample and give it a code number corresponding to the label.
Some collectors receive a base salary and work on commission beyond that.
Some collectors recommend using cotton gloves to handle especially prized pieces.
Some collectors require an up-front fee but take a lower percentage of the amount recovered.
Some collectors screen their films in their living rooms or garages.
Some collectors seek an example of each stamp on cover .
Some collectors seek covers by one artist or on one subject.
Some collectors seek to accumulate everything they can find relating to a gun's owner or maker.
Some collectors seek turtles.
Some collectors seem to have prejudice toward left handed golf clubs.
Some collectors seem to love the 'horse trading' more than the collection itself.
Some collectors simply write a letter listing the items they want and mail it along with payment.
Some collectors specialize in answer records.
Some collectors specialize in error notes.
Some collectors specialize in old kits, prizing unbuilt kits most of all.
Some collectors stick to one side or the other, but most are fairly neutral.
Some collectors stick with one pattern.
Some collectors study beautiful creatures.
Some collectors take pity.
Some collectors use bags.
Some collectors use 'blank' labels pre-printed with country, year, collector etc.
Some collectors use pens with invisible ink.
Some collectors use plastic bags.
Some collectors use tabs.
Some collectors use various size boxes and some use only one size.
Some collectors visit areas.
Some collectors work for agencies.
Some collectors work for party collection agencies.
Some collectors work part time.
A colleen is a girl
Colleen paints in a traditional style that appeals to people throughout the world.
Colleen turns to the right.
Colleen works on special projects such as new employee orientation and local promotions.
Colleens are girls.
College administrations hate the rankings.
College administrators are concerned.
College administrators are ecstatic.
College administrators are to be notified of the details of the incident as soon as possible.
College administrators are under increasing fiscal pressure, and notably more business oriented.
College administrators handle the entire loan transaction.
College administrators have a curious ability to overlook scandal when a coach is in favor.
College administrators know that education is the key to our future.
College administrators report they are seeing increased crime on their campuses.
College administrators say credit card debt is becoming a big issue on campus.
Many college administrators are lazy.
College admission is no exception.
College admission is so competitive today, it's unbelievable.
College admission is the next major hurdle for parents.
College admissions are fiercely competitive.
College admissions can be fiercely competitive.
College admissions can seem complicated, even intimidating.
College admissions is a cyclical business, and one cycle begins before the previous one ends.
College algebra is a prerequisite for most college physics courses.
College algebra is a prerequisite.
College algebra is also a requirement.
College algebra is specified for degrees involving teacher certification.
College algebra is the minimum mathematics requirement.
College algebra teaches methods of solution for linear and quadratic equations and inequalities.
College application is denied.
College applications are due.
College applications are like fire, get it out of the way as soon as possible.
College applications ask mostly the same information.
College applications go through many hands before finally receiving an approval or denial.
Every college application has a section on community service.
Many college applications are on file in the guidance office or career center.
Many college applications ask for and give weight to work experiences in the student's chosen major.
Most college applications are very similar in the questions and information they ask for.
Some college applications are very simple.
Some college areas offer a series of courses that address a functional area of study.
College athlete loses limbs to meningitis.
College athletes are also in the middle of completing degrees.
College athletes are interested in gaining an education along with having a sport to participate in.
College athletes caught up in shaving scandals lose their scholarships.
College athletes do, however, have one viable option.
College athletes have to be straight arrows.
College athletes spend about three hours a day practicing while their sport is in season.
College athletes using steroids less, marijuana more.
Most college athletes have years of experience before they reach the college level.
College baseball fights hard for respect.
College baseball has a postseason tournament that is organized into three rounds.
College baseball is a funny game, no lead is safe.
College baseball is faster than high school baseball.
College basketball happens to be a very confined environment.
College basketball has no place for wishy-washy evaluation.
College basketball has problems, no doubt.
College basketball has the same problems to an even greater degree.
College basketball is a bottom-line, cutthroat business.
College basketball is a business, but the players make the game.
College basketball is a point guard dominated game.
College basketball is a whole other game.
College basketball is about rebuilding.
College basketball is all about intimacy and noise and being a part of the game.
College basketball is all about the name on the front of the jersey.
College basketball is awesome.
College basketball is big business.
College basketball is extremely competitive.
College basketball is filled with good teams with good records.
College basketball is fun to watch.
College basketball is fun.
College basketball is in full effect, which means college bets and bracket bashing.
College basketball is in full swing as teams play their conference foes.
College basketball is in trouble.
College basketball is meant to be fun.
College basketball is much more of a team game.
College basketball is next.
College basketball is only a skeleton of what it once was.
College basketball is scuffed with dirt and hypocrisy.
College basketball is so big here.
College basketball is supposed to be about student-athletes.
College basketball is supposed to be big in New York.
College basketball is the best.
College basketball is vastly more interesting than professional basketball.
College basketball loves winners.
College basketball picks free college basketball picks and ncaa basketball picks.
College bookstore is located in basement.
College bookstore is located in ground level.
All college buildings are smoke-free.
Most college buildings show a Georgian influence.
College campus is viewed as a dry campus.
College campuses are a breeding ground for small time dealers.
College campuses are a good example of a small area with a concentrated amount of people.
College campuses are a good place to start organizing.
College campuses are also the moral testing grounds for the larger culture.
College campuses are always good places to get customers for a word processing business.
College campuses are breeding grounds for exploration and adventure.
College campuses are fertile areas for extreme behavior.
College campuses are fertile ground for unions trying to recharge the labor movement.
College campuses are great places to meet professionals and start building a network.
College campuses are ground.
College campuses are hotbeds of hypocrisy.
College campuses are no exception.
College campuses are notorious for their blatent alcohol abuse and underage drinking.
College campuses are of course the traditional ivory tower refuges for the forces of reform.
College campuses are often dangerous and stalking is one of the more common crimes.
College campuses are prime places for movie companies to get test audiences.
College campuses are quiet.
College campuses are school campuses.
College campuses are very unique environments.
College campuses are.
College campuses face similar issues as student religiosity grows, and takes unconventional forms.
College campuses have dining facilities.
College campuses have many issues to face.
College campuses have resources to meet students' physical and emotional health needs.
College campuses offer a myriad of activities and organizations.
College campuses tend to be the main area of recruitment.
College campuses tend to be very safe, even when located in urban areas.
Every college campus has a place where students meet, relax, eat or watch television.
Many college campuses are also sites for discussions.
Many college campuses assume a sleepy, ghost town-like appearance during the summer months.
Many college campuses handle campus crime through internal, disciplinary proceedings.
Most college campuses are safe.
Most college campuses come furnished, prices including utilities, TV and even the Internet.
Most college campuses do have incidents of crime.
Most college campuses have an office designated for study abroad.
Most college campuses offer e-mail accounts to students, often for free.
Most college campuses provide students with computer assess and basic Internet privileges.
Most college campuses seem to have a resident ghost or two.
College classrooms are spacious and well-lit and provide an excellent learning atmosphere.
College classrooms are upstairs.
College classrooms teach students how to succeed in the professional world.
Many college clubs are free to join.
College coaches agree.
College coaches are now very well-paid.
College coaches attend camps and clinics.
College coaches begin careers.
College coaches bemoan their diminished talent pool.
College coaches expect divers to do both.
College coaches get recommendations from high school, club and other college coaches.
College coaches have there own section to assist their recruiting process.
College coaches have to watch players.
College coaches help children learn court skills and sportsmanship.
College coaches love that.
College coaches make that decision.
College coaches pay a small annual fee to use the lookup services.
College coaches preach the long road to success.
College coaches say that's no coincidence.
College coaches see numbers first and they all respond to low scores.
College coaches seek players with doubles skills.
College coaches seek to recruit players who are responsible on and off the field.
College coaches work weeks.
College coachs are coachs.
Every college coach can peruse our catalog and see who is playing when and where.
Many college coaches are only as good as their last world-ending game.
Many college coaches conduct summer camps.
Many college coaches find their recruits at camps.
Many college coaches offer camps on their campuses.
Many college coaches use trackfirst to spot and follow potential recruits.
Most college coaches are very, very busy during the regular season.
Most college coaches are white.
Most college coaches begin careers.
Most college coaches implement a system, then recruit accordingly.
Some college coaches are content to remain position coaches.
Some college coaches get recommendations from club and high school coaches.
College credit is also available for attending a workshop.
College credit is also available.
College credit is available and pre-registration is required.
College credit is available at an additional cost.
College credit is available at an additional fee.
College credit is available for adult participants.
College credit is available for an additional cost.
College credit is available for an additional fee and further course work.
College credit is available for and additional fee.
College credit is available for articulated courses taken at participating high schools.
College credit is available for certain internships through the intern's sponsoring institution.
College credit is available for experiential, college level learning.
College credit is available for it.
College credit is available for many of the courses.
College credit is available for most internships.
College credit is available for most offerings.
College credit is available for multiple semesters.
College credit is available for participants who want it.
College credit is available for some classes.
College credit is available for the course for an additional fee.
College credit is available for the program, see webpage for details.
College credit is available for viewing the program and doing the work on the website.
College credit is available from select institutions.
College credit is available in French, Spanish and Latin.
College credit is available through nearby universities and community colleges.
College credit is available upon request.
College credit is available upon successful completion of the course.
College credit is available, if desired.
College credit is available, lodging and field trips included.
College credit is available.
College credit is awarded for learning from real world professional and personal experience.
College credit is awarded for the experiential learning.
College credit is awarded in semester hours.
College credit is awarded only for college-level learning.
College credit is computed on the basis of a unit called the semester hour.
College credit is determined by the student's university or college.
College credit is earned and a student can work four to thirty hours per week, one semester or more.
College credit is earned and a student can work four to twenty hours per week, one semester or more.
College credit is earned if students meet the score requirements listed on the chart below.
College credit is earned through written assignments, examinations, and class attendance.
College credit is given and tuition includes housing both in dorms and with families.
College credit is given for courses successfully completed.
College credit is given for courses taken in high school.
College credit is given for external studies when regular requirements are met.
College credit is given for prior learning and life experience.
College credit is given upon the successful completion of institute requirements.
College credit is granted for participation.
College credit is granted with the successful completion of both link and college courses.
College credit is issued as well as credit toward the high school diploma.
College credit is optional and the course is open to anyone.
College credit is possible for students completing internships.
College credit is possible.
College credit is required for certain promotions and special squad assignments.
College credit is required for promotions.
College credit is transcripted and transferable.
College credits are also available.
College credits are available for most internships.
College credits are available to students.
College credits are available, and seminar information and scedules are on-site.
College credits are available, as are volunteer and paying positions.
College credits are available.
Most college credits are transferable to Washington state public colleges and universities.
College Creek is to be dammed just above the interurban bridge.
College degree is a plus.
College degree is desirable.
College degree is desired.
College degree is preferred.
College degree is required and previous childcare experience desired.
College degree is required with at least two years experience reporting.
College degree is required, and experience is preferred.
College degree is required.
College degrees are acceptable in fitness related fields.
College degrees are cheap as water.
College degrees are very helpful, as well as required for some promotions.
College degrees are very similar.
College degrees demonstrate a personal trainer's knowledge of and commitment to the field.
Many college dorms have rules against cooking in the dorm room.
Most college dormitories allow students to have small refrigerators in their rooms.
College drinking is a big problem for all students in general.
College education is an experience that represents one of life's milestones.
College education is desirable .
College education is free and supported by the government.
College education is highly desirable.
College education is the greatest definer of public radio listeners.
College education requires an open mind and a tolerance of varying ideas and perspectives.
College education saves the state money in significant ways.
College educations cost money.
Some college education is preferred.
Most college endowments are fairly young.
College essays are like wild cards .
College essays require a very intimate, highly-specialized tone.
College fencing is a long-term goal and after that, maybe the Olympics.
College football players show strength.
College football brings a certain cachet.
College football burns brightly in our sunshine state.
College football can be funny that way.
College football can wait.
College football has a unique characteristic and that being the bowl games.
College football has a way of making no-names memorable.
College football has colorful marching bands and fight songs and the occasional sofa arson.
College football has one too many national champions.
College football has some of the best and longest-running rivalries.
College football is a business, sometimes a very cold one.
College football is a business.
College football is a great game that has evolved into a great moneymaker.
College football is a Middle Georgia obsession.
College football is a southern weekend tradition of tailgating and cheering for the home team.
College football is a sport that deserves better.
College football is about one champion crowned in a game sponsored by a cellular phone company.
College football is also popular.
College football is an awesome experience, whether it is one game or all four years.
College football is as pure as it gets.
College football is back, as are the pros.
College football is back.
College football is big business.
College football is built on the regular season.
College football is crazy like that.
College football is great fun and great party.
College football is life in Gainesville.
College football is next.
College football is only a game when the fans are present and two teams are on the field.
College football is pageantry.
College football is romantic.
College football is still like that.
College football is still one of the greatest sports in the land.
College football is still popular today among students, alumni, and other fans of the sport.
College football is taken seriously at Florida.
College football is the best betting and profit-making play in sports betting.
College football is the best football played today.
College football is the coolest thing on the planet.
College football is the major team sport in America with the most meaningful regular season.
College football is the most unfair sport in the world right now.
College football is the only American sport in which every game matters.
College football is the only truly important sport.
College football is the real thing.
College football is too hard.
College football kicks off with a whimper.
College football needs a playoff system.
College football needs something new.
College football offers the ultimate playoff where the season opener is the first round.
College football picks free college football picks and ncaa football picks.
College football picks from a professional sports handicapping service.
College football predictions Our experts pick the winners in the top games.
College football ranks third and fifth, respectively.
College football sounds different, looks different and is different.
All college fraternities stress the importance of academic achievement.
College freshman takes it all.
College freshmen are easy to worry about.
College freshmen expect that same supportive personal relationship with the college professor.
College freshmen have a tendency to resent interference with their newfound independence.
College freshmen have higher risks for meningitis infection .
College freshmen rent a summer house in hopes of snaring sexual encounters.
Any college freshman can be obscure or pompous.
Every college freshman thinks about home every now and then.
Many college freshmen approach university coursework with too much unnecessary anxiety.
Many college freshmen arrive without having yet internalized the value of a liberal arts education.
Many college freshmen have problems with college algebra their first year.
Many college freshmen notice a weight gain during their first year of college.
More college freshmen oppose abortion, drink less, and are less likely to have casual sex.
Most college freshman wish they'd visited more colleges.
Most college freshmen are just out of high school and living away from home for the first time.
Most college freshmen experience a new level of independence when they move from home to campus.
Some college freshmen share their first-year wisdom.
College funds affect fellowship and assistantship amounts.
College funds are available for additional support.
College funds pay for staff computers in the Dean s office.
College games prove to be more predictable than professional contests in the same sport.
College games tend to be more predictable than professional contests in the same sport.
A college girl is an undergraduate
College girls are the epitome of wholesomeness and progress.
College girls have their first lezzie experience.
College girls like to skip.
Some college girls work in shops.
College graduates are better at child rearing and domestic management.
College graduates are better learners in later life.
College graduates are graduates.
College graduates are healthier, more giving of their time and charity, and more civic minded.
College graduates are just a little more likely than high school grads to eat three meals a day.
College graduates are more likely to drink heavily than high school graduates.
College graduates are preferred and communication skills are a necessity.
College graduates are the most skeptical.
College graduates are usually highly trainable and sometimes already possess the necessary skills.
College graduates can go to Korea for a ministry experience, without raising financial support.
College graduates can learn on the job and then pursue their certification.
College graduates can use their education in a wide variety of occupations.
College graduates can use their placement center.
College graduates can usually enter management training programs directly.
College graduates come home to live with parents.
College graduates earn much more than high-school graduates.
College graduates earn substantially more than individuals with only a high school education.
College graduates earn twice as much as high school graduates.
College graduates employ in major occupations.
College graduates employ in occupations.
College graduates enjoy a quality of life brought about by the learning process.
College graduates find job leads through their college placement office.
College graduates gravitate to metro areas.
College graduates have different perspectives from high school dropouts.
College graduates have much better employment prospects than candidates without a bachelor's degree.
College graduates have relatively little specialized knowledge.
College graduates have the lowest.
College graduates hold a much more positive view of genetic modification research.
College graduates look at compensation plans very closely when they start applying for jobs.
College graduates look at starting pay rates between competing companies.
College graduates make more money than high school graduates.
College graduates make more money than people without a college education.
College graduates qualify.
College graduates receive degrees that can open the door to employment opportunities.
College graduates receive higher education of business manager and relevant qualification.
College graduates spend more time reading the newspaper than non-college graduates.
College graduates think more clearly and effectively than people with less education .
All college graduates are eligible for recreation jobs, regardless of major.
All college graduates qualify for recreation jobs, regardless of major.
Many college graduates are clueless regarding both America's history and form of government.
Many college graduates find themselves facing similar frustrations.
Many college graduates struggle for a long time after graduation to find employment.
Most college graduates are in non-technical fields.
Most college graduates are in nontechnical fields.
Most college graduates are well-prepared to enter the workforce academically.
Most college graduates begin in entry-level career positions.
Most college graduates employ in major occupations.
Most college graduates employ in occupations.
Most college graduates enter the work force shortly after graduation.
Some college graduates gain a marketable job skill from it.
College health is a very interesting area of health care.
College hockey is a taxing sport.
College hockey is the best sport out there.
College hockey is the more up-tempo of the two games because of the fact that.
College hoops is no longer a game of sweet jump shots and pretty pivot moves.
College houses operate their own cooperative dining plans.
College kid takes serum that heightens senses for extra cash in fun, silly farce.
College kids are always broke anyway.
College kids are always there.
College kids are funny.
College kids are good at spotting a phony.
College kids bet on sports.
College kids come in.
College kids do have to adjust their schedules once they start a job.
College kids drink.
College kids hang out at the record and coffee shops and a downtown nightclub.
College kids have plenty of access.
College kids love it.
College kids stay up all night anyway.
All college kids are broke.
Every college kid needs some help.
Every college kid puts the bite on the folks for money.
Many college kids love macaroni and cheese.
Most college kids are right in between.
College level textbooks contain information.
College libraries are closed.
College libraries can open their doors to members of their communities.
College libraries contain the standard texts needed for undergraduate work as well as other works.
College libraries receive less than three cents of every dollar spent on higher education.
College libraries tend to have a much more comprehensive array of references to review.
College library is a user of multiple systems which drives some concerns list below.
Most college libraries have a substantial philosophy section.
Most college libraries have it.
College life adds the concerns of exams, term papers, quizzes, and class reports.
College life brings a time of freedom, friends, and a lifestyle with no boundaries.
College life brings the first taste freedom and responsibility for some.
College life can be expensive, but it also offers many opportunities for saving money.
College life can be overwhelming.
College life can be really fun, but really hard at the same time.
College life can be very stressful.
College life can sometimes be stressful.
College life has a natural tendency to continue late at night.
College life has a rich tradition of words that exist in no other plane of existence.
College life has many aspects that are all important to success.
College life has many aspects which are important to success.
College life has many aspects which are very important to success.
College life has many aspects.
College life has many urban legends attached, which make great stories when pulling an all nighter .
College life introduces numerous opportunities for students to develop leadership skills.
College life is a big change and an exciting opportunity for most - a new phase of life.
College life is a distinct segment of a persons life that bears cultural significance.
College life is a giant human hatchery.
COllege life is a lot of fun but and unbelievible amount of work.
College life is a lot of fun, but it is also a lot of work.
College life is a time of testing and experimenting with personal values.
College life is about new and self-rewarding experiences.
College life is about sharing new ideas and cultures.
College life is about the development of an entire person.
College life is bigger and better than any schoolboy's or schoolgirl's dream.
College life is busy and demanding.
College life is different than high school life.
College life is different, more fragmented.
College life is difficult for most people.
College life is exciting and absorbing.
College life is exciting and sometimes exhausting.
College life is experienced most fully when students live in residence.
College life is full of a dizzying array of choices.
College life is full of growth and transition.
College life is full of new experiences and anxieties.
College life is fun, exciting, and at times stressful.
College life is good.
College life is great, there is always someone to talk to or something to do.
College life is great.
College life is hectic and late night study sessions are the norm.
College life is life without enforced bedtimes.
College life is like a never-ending weekend.
College life is like boot camp or an apprenticeship.
College life is more than classroom learning.
College life is more than classrooms and teachers.
College life is more than going to class, studying and testing.
College life is no exception.
College life is pretty fun.
College life is so different and there is so much to learn about it.
College life is sometimes like a phonograph record, playing much the same turn every cycle.
College life is still very much an artificial environment.
College life is structured to assist students to develop academically, socially and personally.
College life is supposed to be encouraging, challenging, and rewarding.
College life is too unpredictable with moving, partying, and crazy schedules to get a cat or dog.
College life means meeting people, joining groups, and participating in social activities.
College life necessitates frequent schedule changes including eating and sleeping patterns.
College life offers many new experiences and challenges for both students and parents.
College life offers so many opportunities for changes and new experiences.
College life opens the door to personal growth and independence.
College life presents many challenges to a student's spiritual life.
College life provides ample opportunites for intellectual and physical development.
College life takes a lot of getting used to.
College loans are good debt.
College loans cost more.
College loans makes the latter a LONG TERM plan.
College loans present another pitfall.
College majors determine careers.
College newspapers are a good source for finding apartments someone wants to sublet.
College newspapers are a top information resource for students.
College newspapers give new perspectives.
College newspapers help promote a diverse, active campus culture.
College newspapers maintain their own Web sites with archives of stories about life on campus.
College newspapers promote growth and learning.
College newspapers provide invaluable information about the issues important to students there.
College newspapers vary in frequency from daily to weekly, bi-weekly to monthly.
Colleges of education are largely diploma mills that ought to be padlocked.
Colleges of education are to be evaluated by surveying the employers of their program graduates.
Colleges of education serve as dumping grounds for our dimmest students.
Most colleges of law require a BS degree as a prerequisite for admission.
All colleges of pharmacy offer a variety of courses in pharmacy practice .
College orientation begins in the junior year, and continues throughout the cadet's residence.
College orientation is also a good time to ask questions.
College Park has the state's largest concentration of academically talented students.
College Park is a different institution.
College Park is a good place to walk, jog, or even camp out way back in the woods.
College Park is a great place to attend business school.
College Park is cable-ready and includes trash removal.
College Park is the result of a national architectural design competition.
College Park is very good at writing tickets.
College physics requires the student to learn concepts, think deeply, and solve unknown problems.
College preparation is an important process for everyone.
College presidents agree binge drinking is the most serious problem on campus.
College presidents are an interesting breed.
College presidents can make great strides in addressing student alcohol abuse.
College presidents do it before their big meetings with potential donors.
College presidents enjoy a variety of official accommodations on their campuses.
College presidents have to resort to minor compromises.
College presidents reveal practices that have transformed their institutions.
College presidents submit faculty representative appointment forms.
College presidents use the months between academic years for a variety of purposes.
College professors act as advisors in content areas.
College professors are another group of Luddites .
College professors are even more unequal.
College professors are liaisons for the program.
College professors are the noteworthy and curious exception to the tendency to training educators.
College professors are the people most qualified to assist students in learning to think critically.
College professors are under close scrutiny.
College professors have greater control over their work lives than just about any other profession.
College professors have teacher assistants.
College professors help write the questions and answers used in the games.
College professors report that student papers are wordier than they used to be.
College professors seem to be more accessible than high school teachers.
College professors write solemn critical analyses in scholarly publications.
Many college professors are experts.
Most college professors are delighted to have seniors in their classes.
Most college professors assign a failure to any paper with three major errors in grammar.
Most college professors assume they are teaching to students with large informational balls of clay.
Most college professors have no formal training in teaching.
College programs differ in length and level of discussion.
College programs expect a certain degree of initiative and self-starting.
College programs have exemplary ratings from government, business and industry organizations.
College programs have professors with various backgrounds, experience and training.
All college programs follow the same set of goals, admissions criteria, and operating procedures.
Most college programs start tracking athletes during their freshmen and sophomore years.
Some college programs have even higher admissions requirements.
Some college programs have higher admission requirements.
Some college programs have limited enrolment and early application is advised.
Some college programs teach hitters to respect the zone.
Some college programs use public transportation to cut costs.
College publications are available from colleges' admissions offices.
College publications can be a big help.
College publications continue to improve.
College radio can also be flexible in regard to non-music offerings.
College radio is also a great way to get the word out.
College radio is another.
College radio is the last frontier for underrepresented music.
College radio is the return to true alternative music.
College radio loves Sleepy .
College radio plays a role on the dial.
All college rankings are meaningless.
College recruiters are coaches, but during recruiting season they are salespersons.
College recruiters are now directors or deans or even vice presidents of enrollment management.
College recruiters recognize the value of physics classes.
College rock is definitely still alive and well.
College rules concerning dishonesty and plagiarism apply to use of the computer.
College rules differ from professional rules in kicking and fair catching.
College rules differ in few ways.
College rules require students to promptly report any change of address.
College rules require that students on probation attend all classes.
All college rules are in force.
College scholarships are also available.
College scholarships vary from year to year.
College soccer is better than ever.
College softball recruiting is a game of musical chairs.
College sports are also prevalent in Arizona.
College sports are among the last havens of unspoiled competition.
College sports are by far the best in spectator events.
College sports are sports.
College sports can promote teamwork, high self-esteem and excellence.
College sports consists of much more than winning the championship.
College sports gives something for the students, faculty, community, etc., to rally around.
College sports is a huge business.
College stations are educational.
A college student is a collegian
College student can earn extra cash and valuable experience.
College student eats lunch at dining service area.
College student falls in love with fugitive Latin American dictator in drag.
College student majoring in mathematics looks for students to tutor over the summer.
College students achieve the dream of going to medical school.
College students appear to be less conservative than the hypothesis predicts.
College students apply for loans through their financial aid office.
College students are a prime target for all sorts of banner advertising.
College students are a prized target for the card industry.
College students are a transient and ever-evolving body of young adults.
College students are a valuable work force.
College students are a very attractive market for most products and services.
College students are adults, and they are preparing for the real world.
College students are adults.
College students are already capable of memorizing facts for an exam.
College students are also easy to reach.
College students are also probably the most wired population of all.
College students are also welcome to join as student members.
College students are among the fastest growing new users of credit.
College students are among the largest users of food delivery services.
College students are among the most likely age group to face unplanned pregnancies.
College students are an especially desirable target group for the credit card companies.
College students are arguably the most active digital music collectors.
College students are at a time and place in life where virtue itself is ridiculed.
College students are at great risk of forgetting about the outside world once school starts.
College students are busy moving into their new dorm rooms or apartments.
College students are busy.
College students are by and large adults.
College students are capable of further education.
College students are citizens as well as members of the academic community.
College students are citizens, too.
College students are collegians.
College students are confident and determined.
College students are constantly strapped for cash.
College students are eligible for discounts on treatments.
College students are entirely responsible for managing their medications.
College students are especially easy targets for crime.
College students are especially pleased that the rumor is false.
College students are especially susceptible to such messages.
College students are especially vulnerable to personal attacks.
College students are even more so.
College students are excellent role models for many of our kids.
College students are extremely political.
College students are finally free of the parental concern over lack of sleep.
College students are five times more likely to become infected than healthy adults.
College students are highly motivated.
College students are hip to the housing crunch.
College students are idiots, and it's time that somebody stood up and said something about it.
College students are increasingly interested in the environment.
College students are less able to extract the major ideas from an essay or book.
College students are located in college towns.
College students are located in dorms.
College students are located in fraternity houses.
College students are major consumers of movies.
College students are more accepting than many think.
College students are more bored than college faculty.
College students are more independent.
College students are more likely accessible to open lines of credit.
College students are more vulnerable to rape than any other age group.
College students are much into jazz, swing, good music, and composers.
College students are much like military personnel.
College students are much the same way.
College students are never at a loss for creative ways to save money.
College students are new in the pro-life neighborhood.
College students are no exception.
College students are no less vulnerable than the typical home computer user.
College students are no longer absorbers, but active learners and educational consumers.
College students are notorious for being low on cash.
College students are notorious for draining more energy than in their supply.
College students are notorious for having no money.
College students are notorious for waiting until the very last minute.
College students are old enough to make informed decisions about their lives.
College students are one of the largest uninsured populations.
College students are particularly at risk for developing eating disorders.
College students are particularly susceptible to the temptation of coffee s instant energy.
College students are particularly vulnerable to victimization.
College students are quite often the most forgotten and overlooked people group in America.
College students are rather a different lot.
College students are responsible for leading the camp.
College students are responsive to questions of the ethics of success.
College students are ripe for change.
College students are smart.
College students are so busy and often times they get overwhelmed.
College students are so highly motivated.
College students are some of the most wired people in the country.
College students are subject to many demands in their daily lives.
College students are supposedly the trend setters, world changers, and big thinkers.
College students are surely no exception.
College students are the highest risk group for having abortions.
College students are the ideal pinball customer.
College students are the largest target market, but so are the recently bankrupted.
College students are the most computer literate segment of the U.S. population.
College students are the most wired segment of the U.S. population.
College students are tough juries when it comes to juvenile crime.
College students are unsure of the prevailing norms in their new environment.
College students are usually very willing to honestly discuss their campuses.
College students are very aware and are actively pursuing thinking.
College students are very curious and very inventive.
College students are very individualist and have unique tastes.
College students are welcome at World Changers Senior High construction projects.
College students are welcome to apply.
College students are welcome to come and walk the dogs and socialize with the cats.
College students are welcome to join summer traveling teams after meeting certain requirements.
College students are welcome.
College students are, in most situations, referred to as adults.
College students armed with leaf blower find sewer system leaks .
College students arrive having taken mathematics for many years.
College students become more well-rounded, more compassionate, less absorbed in themselves.
College students benefit when they learn and teach at the same time.
College students bitch about tuition rates while Honduras drowns beneath a sea of mud.
College students build and race flying robots at the Aerial Robotics Competition.
College Students Call for Help.
College students call for purchase agreement information.
College students can also participate in the programme.
College students can and do think for themselves, of course.
College students can apply for federal education assistance and financial aid online.
College students can apply now for financial aid.
College students can be more strong-headed.
College students can contact one of the area conferences and get involved there.
College students can earn credits and work in a variety of crime prevention programs.
College students can earn four credits.
College students can earn three hours of credit.
College students can face a variety of challenges, problems and important decisions.
College students can feel invincible.
College students can find job searches, and study abroad information.
College students can gain valuable experience by volunteering in their major areas of interest.
College students can get a vaccine to reduce their risk of meningitis.
College students can get even better deals.
College students can get independent study credit for attending the institute's classes.
College students can learn or review grammar for college classes.
College students can learn.
College students can let loose.
College students can make a real difference in the struggle to end gun violence.
College students can obtain initial exposure to the field as tellers.
College students can obtain job information and references from their college placement offices.
College students can often get credit for their work.
College students can provide needed tutoring and homework assistance.
College students can receive free financial aid counseling and apply for student loans online.
College students can receive substantial academic software discounts by direct order.
College students can register to view employment listings.
College students can select physical education courses by touch-tone telephone registration.
College students can sometimes find themselves seriously depressed.
College students can trade textbooks and appli for financial aid.
College students can turn their homework in by e-mail.
College students can use to hang dorm room keys around their neck.
College students celebrate in the islands.
College students come from all over Israel - from the Negev in the south to Northern Galilee.
College students complaining about bad food is like fish complaining about water.
College students crave anything free, especially food and music.
College students crawl the streets in search of beer, music and the company of the opposite sex.
College students create study diversions.
College students defer taxes on savings for college.
College students develop brand loyalties that can last a lifetime.
College students develop, learn, and respond in unique ways through human movement activities.
College students discuss how they have been able to pursue multiple interests simultaneously.
College students do drink more than their non-collegiate peers do.
College students dominate, but thirtysomethings hold their own.
College students drink beer.
College students drink, often with the express goal of getting drunk.
College students drink.
College students eat food.
College students eat healthful food.
College students enjoy a very safe environment for sexual exploration.
College students enjoy the challenge.
College students evaluate their scholastic journalism courses.
College students experience greater competition for grades.
College students explore their roots.
College Students Explore Their Roots.
College students find it hard to eat properly just before an exam.
College students find the most ingenious ways to use pee .
College students find their love of basketball conflicting with that other sort of love.
College students fit right in there.
College students flock to the bar, where bartenders are super-friendly.
College students form the core population of the area, so inexpensive stores and restaurants abound.
College students gain experience.
College students gain professional recognition from peers, judges, and guest artists.
College students gain valuable experience serving patients in different areas of the health system.
College students gain valuable experience.
College students get great example lesson plans or ideas to base their own lesson plans on.
College Students Get the latest news for college students.
College students get to try their hand at teaching while doing some civic good.
College students go nuts about the costumes, the candy, the whole bit.
College students grace the restaurant with their presence.
College students grow, harvest and process the banana stalks.
College students happen to be more willing, have more flexible schedules and are great with kids.
College students have a culture all their own.
College students have a great deal of respect for CPAs.
College students have a lot more access to the information.
College students have a lot to consider and to plan futures.
College students have a lot to offer.
College students have a right to be independent, but only within the conditions of the law.
College students have a variety of reasons for why they attend a particular college.
College students have enough to do without having to also provide a service to the community.
College students have expectations of the role of teacher and their role as students.
College students have high future earning potential-and, thus, a high spending potential.
College students have it for two months.
College students have loads of excuses for postponing the inevitable.
College students have many challenges, which are magnified when a person is learning disabled.
College students have many resources to turn to when feeling suicidal or hopeless.
College students have many stresses that can attribute to stagnant periods.
College students have several key opportunities.
College students have special plans available.
College students have substantial writing requirements.
College students have such easy access to cash.
College students have the additional benefit of requesting online abstracts from medical journals.
College students have the highest caffeine intake in proportion to body weight.
College students have the most unusual schedules.
College students have to juggle a variety of roles and deal with many issues at the same time.
College students help elders enhance their reading and writing skills.
College students help immigrants study for the U.S. citizenship test.
College students illustrate both aspects.
College students intern for one quarter or semester and receive academic credit.
College students is a curious subject to journalists, researchers, and marketers alike.
College students know about the risks of tobacco use.
College students know all too well what it is like to be completely stressed out.
College students know more about campus drinking than most people realize.
College students lack balance in their lives.
College students laugh and sing and play jokes on each other and life goes on.
College students lead out in singing and special music.
College students lead te whorkshops, activities, and laboratory tours.
College students lead the unique lifestyle.
College students learn that they are ultimately responsible for their own success in the classroom.
College students learn to be their own people, and be responsible for themselves and their actions.
College students like to decorate their room with all finds of things.
College students list money at the top of their career goals and public service far down the list.
College students listen to the radio.
College students live in a world of such rapid change that nothing is certain about their future.
College students living away from home are eligible to request an absentee ballot.
College students love stories about about clever ways to beat the exam and grading system.
College students love to work with kids, and kids love to learn from college students.
College students majoring in foreign languages can tutor high-school students.
College students make the best political party workers.
College students make up The Pub staff and they serve hundreds of items each day.
College students mentor high school youth, who in turn mentor middle and elementary school children.
College students open exciting doors for children in unique ways.
College students ought to read it.
College students participate in many activities at reduced lift ticket rates.
College students pay general fare.
College students perceive that almost all of their peers smoke.
College students provide academic tutoring to public school students.
College students provide problem solving and analytical skills training to high school youth.
College students purchase adult fares.
College students qualify for very significant software discounts from many sources.
College students receive care packages from the congregation twice a tear at exam times.
College students receive substantial academic software discounts by direct order.
College students rely heavily on the Internet to assist with their research.
College students report development.
College students represent a dream market that is difficult to reach.
College students represent a mobile population that has traditionally been difficult to count.
College students represent a wired, yet largely untapped market segment.
College students run a high risk of suffering from high levels of stress.
College students save money when they call home on their free nights and weekend cell phone plan.
College students save on computers, software, books, magazines, telephones and calling cards.
College students see the Internet as an academic resource.
College students see through the eyes of classmates with physical disabilities.
College students see Waverly as a place to study, socialize, listen to jazz, shop, and live.
College students seek counseling for many different reasons.
College students seem to gain a lot from being counselors as well.
College students serve as DJs and hospitality coordinators.
College students serve as educational role models.
College students serve as mentors and faculty as guides through the daily activities.
College students serve as mentors and tutors.
College students share examples from their experiences.
College students sit at the bar, drinking and flirting.
College students sneak into one another's rooms after hours and college students like to party.
College students spend a significant amount of time reading texts.
College students spend billions of dollars in today's marketplace.
College students spend each frame as though it's their last cent.
College students spend more on alcohol than on textbooks.
College students spend more time working and playing on the computer than any group in America.
College students start racking up debt early.
College students struggle to maintain a healthy lifestyle while studying and writing papers.
College students study from crumbling journals printed before the end of the Cold War.
College students studying opera can do their research here or earn credits on class projects.
College students supervise the day camps in inner-city churches.
College students take an active interest in their educational experience.
College students take an equally pragmatic approach.
College students take places.
College students take their laptops along when they head home or away on break.
College students take their match to morning classes, tour campus and answer a variety of questions.
College students tend to be insightful, committed, and often can achieve substantive change quickly.
College students tend to be on the Internet a lot.
College students tend to be really apathetic.
College students tend to have an overly ambitious standard of what it means to have a good time.
College students tend to have little money.
College students test out the cashless society.
College students throw paper airplanes too.
College students use academic jargon and talk in generalities.
College students use briefcase or computer case.
College students volunteer in a wider range of assignments throughout the medical center.
College students watch video screens to keep up with their team as they socialize at a pub.
College students weigh the costs and benefits of deceptive research.
College students welcome to apply.
College students welcome.
College students will have difficulty.
College students work in the park district and in some elementary schools as well.
College students work with high school students as role models and tutors.
All college students are eligible to apply.
All college students are eligible to enter.
All college students are in the process of discernment.
All college students are spineless weenies.
All college students are welcome to attend.
All college students drink.
All college students face a tough period of transition.
All college students face the task of charting a career direction.
All college students have to deal with stress-both academic and social.
All college students moving out for the first time have to adjust to living without their families.
All college students read books.
All college students welcome.
Any college student can count small groups of things quickly and easily.
Any college student can experience academic challenges at some point in their program.
Every college student gets an e-mail address as a part of their enrollment.
Every college student hopes to find a successful niche in the working world after graduating.
Every college student is inundated with an infinite amount of pre-approved credit cards.
Every college student is required to take Psychology or a similar elective.
Every college student knows the story.
Every college student needs a creditcard.
Every college student needs to take the time to apply for scholarships.
Many college students act as companions to the people with special needs.
Many college students admit that they sometimes drink to get drunk.
Many college students are away from home for the first time.
Many college students are clueless on how to study.
Many college students are minors.
Many college students are new to the city, living away from home for the first time.
Many college students are perfectionists.
Many college students are uncertain about how to eat right while at school.
Many college students are undecided about their major.
Many college students are undecided concerning their career choice.
Many college students are unprepared for the rigors of higher education.
Many college students attend part time while they hold down one or more jobs.
Many college students attend the clinic at school.
Many college students change roommates once or twice in their college careers.
Many college students choose to get together to study for exams.
Many college students complain about too much stress.
Many college students do find it a challenge to construct a complex argument, especially in writing.
Many college students do nothing but party, and after the party is over they attempt to drive home.
Many college students drink more when they are away from home for the first time.
Many college students encounter increased difficulties in starting a business.
Many college students end their time at college with just their degree in hand.
Many college students engage in a dangerous form of alcohol consumption called binge drinking.
Many college students fail to avoid the credit card trap.
Many college students feel overwhelmed with all they have to do.
Many college students feel that student athletes are given preferential treatment.
Many college students finance their schooling through part-time employment.
Many college students find the reading of an academic assignment a chore.
Many college students find the time for their daily routine by sleeping less.
Many college students find themselves craving home-cooked meals and longing for high school friends.
Many college students go for long periods of time without eating.
Many college students have a certain blindness that breeds a sort of self-deception.
Many college students have difficulties adjusting to stressful events.
Many college students have more than exams to worry about during their college years.
Many college students have sexual relationships.
Many college students hold the dream of getting their work published nationally.
Many college students know the feeling.
Many college students leaving home for the first time have no idea how to eat well.
Many college students pay for a course and drop out.
Many college students share housing to cut costs, as well.
Many college students skip breakfast, or maybe go all day without eating.
Many college students start their careers saddled with debt.
Many college students struggle to pay tuition costs, which are steadily increasing.
Many college students suffer from environmental tobacco smoke .
More college students leave school early to accept job offers.
Most college students apply for dental school during their junior year.
Most college students are grateful for spending money.
Most college students are grateful for the lack of a dress code.
Most college students are honest.
Most college students are still financially dependent on parents to some degree.
Most college students are, at least.
Most college students avoid buying meat and fresh produce because of cost and spoilage.
Most college students can appreciate the value of some good home cooking.
Most college students change majors several times during their college years.
Most college students change their major at least once and some even more than once.
Most college students change their major at least once in their career.
Most college students change their majors three times before finally graduating.
Most college students do face borrowing constraints.
Most college students do that.
Most college students eat food.
Most college students eat healthful food.
Most college students engage in some form of partying and drinking.
Most college students expect to find a well-paying job and comfortable housing when they graduate.
Most college students expect to hear varying viewpoints.
Most college students face the challenge of living on limited funds.
Most college students gain experience.
Most college students gain valuable experience.
Most college students go to college right after high school but others choose to go later in life.
Most college students have a great trip all planned out.
Most college students have at least some idea of what they want to learn in college.
Most college students have to work part-time to help pay for college.
Most college students increase their analytical and problem-solving skills.
Most college students know that free pizza is worth the trek to South Campus.
Most college students make considerably less than that amount.
Most college students make responsible decisions about the use or non-use of alcohol.
Most college students overestimate the amount and frequency of alcohol use among their peers.
Most college students prefer the sweeter wines to begin with.
Most college students pride themselves on the small amounts of sleep that they get every night.
Most college students receive some kind of financial aid or scholarship.
Most college students report development.
Most college students report difficulties with concentration at one time or another.
Most college students say that they want to be successful.
Most college students seem to be information seekers.
Most college students spend their time looking toward the future.
Most college students take it for granted, though.
Most college students take places.
Most college students take reading for granted.
Most college students work part-time during the school year and nearly all work during the summer.
Most college students worry about the type of job they'll find when school ends.
Some college students are persons who think Africa is in North America.
Some college students become mates.
Some college students drink alcohol.
Some college students drink because they think it relieves stress.
Some college students feel that they have to fight for their right to party.
Some college students find ways to earn money doing jobs they love.
Some college students finish their academic careers never seeing the early morning sunlight.
Some college students have mixed views though.
Some college students have trouble.
Some college students keep tracks.
Some college students learn economics.
Some college students live on it.
Some college students pursue multidisciplinary degrees by having a double major.
Some college students refuse to take an active role in planning their use of time.
Some college students study concepts.
Some college students work part time as recreation workers while earning degrees.
Some college students work part-time jobs while attending school.
College styles play the teams fight song.
College teaching is a high-prestige job.
College teaching requires a Ph.D., as does most research.
Some college teaching is desirable.
College tennis is the oldest collegiate championship.
College textbooks are a good source for identifying such articles.
College textbooks are currently subject to all three sales taxes.
College textbooks are full of electricity, yet they have no electric charge.
College textbooks exchange.
College textbooks means new or used books and workbooks required or recommended for courses.
College textbooks tend to cost more than books in other publishing fields.
College town are boom towns.
College towns are among the youngest of all.
College towns are boom towns.
College towns are the brick, mortar, flesh and soul evidence of the benefits of higher education.
College towns can be fun where the whole function of the town is around the school.
College towns offer some of the few safe refuges from the rampant party scene.
Every college town has one.
College transcript is provided upon request.
College transcript is required for proof or documentation of qualifying education.
College transcripts are good in showing the focus area of a teacher.
College transcripts are optional.
College tuition can send a chill down any parent's back.
College tuition continues to rise faster than the rate of inflation.
College tuition increases every year.
College tuition is again on the rise, and parents are wondering how they can afford college.
College tuition is an example of a fee.
College tuition is extra.
College tuition is free, including for advanced degrees.
College tuition is the unanimous answer.
College tuition pays for a portion of a college education.
College wrestling grapples with serious decline.
College wrestling is a lot different than in high school.
A college is a body
College accepts students who are residents of other states if they meet all admission requirements.
College Adds Two More Ph.
College adopts corporate seal and motto.
College adopts school colors of mauve and white, later changed to purple and white.
College agrees to become lighthouse keeper.
College allows students to live away from home without being completely out in the world.
College allows too much freedom to worry about something like grades.
College am down lots body weight.
College am down lots catabolic diet foods.
College announces new initiative.
College are the other teams.
College becomes a real possibility in the lives of high school students.
College becomes one-way street.
College becomes sometimes unnecessary.
College begins now.
College breaks that mold.
College brings freedom to individualize every person.
College brings new experiences and changes in life.
College calls in a courteous and timely manner.
College can affect students in positive or negative ways.
College can be a bit overwhelming at first.
College can be a breeding ground for psychiatric problems.
College can be a challenging place, with all the stresses and joys of any major life transition.
College can be a challenging time.
College can be a great time in our life, but sometimes it can be a drag also.
College can be a headrush compared to high school.
College can be a lot more challenging for mothers battling fatigue, class work and guilt.
College can be a person s best years, and the college experience is rich with revelry and tradition.
College can be a rewarding experience both educationally and socially.
College can be a scary place, and it is important to look afterone another.
College can be a stressful time of life.
College can be a time of joy, pain, discovery or disappointment.
College can be a vulnerable period in a young woman's or man's life.
College can be a wonderful new experience for new students, for others it can be one of the worst.
College Can Be Affordable.
College can be an awkward place at times.
College can be an overwhelming experience.
College can be overwhelming.
College can be quite stressful, and sometimes it helps to have someone listen and be supportive.
College can be the best option for many people.
College can be tough at times.
College can be very expensive.
College can make students feel overwhelmed and weary.
College can match amortization schedule with projected revenue stream.
College can mean maneuvering through a lot of obstacles.
College can often be difficult enough without unnecessary aggravations.
College can only get information if applicant completes a financial aid form.
College can provide that experience.
College can set goals thru accreditation.
College can still be affordable, but only if families plan for it.
College can wait.
College catalogs online .
College causes our youth to have many social restrictions.
College challenges students to examine their values and to make their own decisions.
College championships regularly in both sports.
College changes everything, but in some ways makes relationships stronger.
College coeds having sex.
College coeds lesbian sex .
College coeds on their lesbian love affairs.
College coeds testicle best address snatch gagged-girl address snatch bare crack snatch.
College comes later, after military service.
College conducting courses frequently send their students to observe the trebles at rehearsal.
College consists of more than just more demanding course work.
College continues the decline.
College continues to be ranked among the best in the nation.
College costs a lot.
College costs less than most people think and financial aid is available.
College costs money, and apprenticeships can provide valuable job-training.
College costs money.
College costs too much . . .
College costs United States.
College counts even more in the approaching millennium.
College deans .
College demands that students conduct activities without the prodding of parents and teachers.
College develops an interdisciplinary major in neuroscience.
College does have a continental, multicultural feel to it which is excellent.
College drop out.
College elects new officers .
College ends one day and life begins.
College establishes a Doctoral program in History, focusing on world history.
College establishes a minor in Jewish studies.
College exerts a tremendous influence on students in a number of ways.
College expects qualified students.
College explores possibility of student exchange with nine other New England colleges.
College Find out what the inquiring minds are doing locally.
College focuses on preparing dogs for pet therapy and other advanced outreaches.
College focuses our accomplishments.
College gives an underlying educational structure that can be expanded on throughout life.
College goes to war.
College graduate preferably of any computer related- course.
College graduates earning advanced degrees face even better news.
College graduates only.
College graduates with a four-year degree from an accredited college or university.
College graduates with knowledge of classical music and educational background a plus.
College graduates with math skills often opt for more lucrative careers.
College graduates with some courses in wireless-related technologies are also at a premium.
College graduates without much experience usually start as staff accountants or cost accountants.
College graduateshave an even higher probability of being married.
College Habits to Bring Home - the title says it all.
College handbooks Counseling on transfer requirements, programs, and course selection.
College has ability to close hearing to the public.
College has many facets including academics, social life, and personal growth.
College has very few systemic weaknesses, though it has to wrestle with funding shortages.
College helps people grow intellectually, financially, and personally.
College helps profs bridge generation gap .
College here is really fun.
College involves a much greater volume of work than is usually required in homeschool.
College involves more than just classes and study.
College is a balancing act for any student whether they are a skier or whatever.
College is a battle between good and evil.
College is a battle.
College is a big adjustment, and it needs to be taken seriously.
College is a big adjustment.
College is a big departure from our comfortable lives back in high school.
College is a big gift.
College is a big investment for students and their families.
College is a big investment of both time and money.
College is a big investment.
College is a big melting pot.
College is a big place, with many opportunities to meet people.
College is a big responsibility.
College is a big step.
College is a bridge between adolescence and adulthood.
College is a busy time for everyone.
College is a busy time in one's life.
College is a challenge and sometimes it can even seem overwhelming.
College is a challenging experience.
College is a chance to meet interesting people from different states, cultures, countries.
College is a community of preadults on the verge of either success or homosexuality.
College is a completely different experience.
College is a cool ride, while it lasts.
College is a couple of years away and college admissions exams are looming.
College is a crucial time in life.
College is a different animal.
College is a different ballgame.
College is a different situation altogether.
College is a fascinating, mind-opening experience.
College is a financial stretch for first-generation families.
College is a fountain of knowledge . . .
College is a fountain of knowledge where students come to drink.
College is a fountain of knowledge, and a great many come here to drink.
College is a fountain of knowledge, and the students are there to drink.
College is a full time job.
College is a full-time job.
College is a funny thing.
College is a game which is played only by people who are still in the running .
College is a giant fishbowl.
College is a good place to do that.
College is a good time to make a fresh start.
College is a great example of trust.
College is a great experience, but a time for growth.
College is a great experience.
College is a great exploratory time for many and sometimes a fearful time too.
College is a great place for self-discovery.
College is a great place for students to learn how to budget their money, as well as their time.
College is a great place to experience different cultures, viewpoints.
College is a great place to start taking a leadership role.
College is a great time in life.
College is a great time to experiment.
College is a great time to get started on a healthy lifestyle.
College is a great time to get to learn about oneself and to know others.
College is a growing experience.
College is a hard time to stay active with school and work and going out.
College is a huge developmental leap.
College is a huge investment of time and money.
College is a huge part of it.
College is a journey, and it's the journey that counts.
College is a learning experience.
College is a little different than high school.
College is a long way off.
College is a lot about books and grades.
College is a lot better than high school, but also more difficult.
College is a lot better, though.
College is a lot different from high school.
College is a lot different than a job.
College is a lot faster and a lot more competitive.
College is a lot like juggling.
College is a lot of different things to a lot of different people.
College is a lot of fun.
College is a lot of hard work but also a great deal of fun.
College is a lot of work, but it is also supposed to fun.
College is a major long-term life investment, and a degree is an appreciating asset.
College is a major undertaking that affects the entire family.
College is a maybe, someday.
College is a melting pot of diversity, with people of all races, backgrounds and religions.
College is a microcosm of the world, but that's all it is, a microcosm.
College is a mini-bureaucracy.
College is a more intense experience than high school.
College is a multi-campus institution.
College is a necessity, but it's priced like a luxury.
College is a new pace of game.
College is a nuclear reactor.
College is a one in a lifetime opportunity.
College is a place for beer, sex and football rallies.
College is a place for change.
College is a place of learning.
College is a place to learn and experience new things.
College is a plus.
College is a preparation for the professional world, and it requires a certain level of competency.
College is a priceless opportunity for learning, self-discovery, and exploration.
College is a quest for knowledge and more.
College is a really challenging activity.
College is a refuge from hasty judgment.
College is a safe little cocoon.
College is a scam.
College is a series of schedules.
College is a serious business.
College is a shock.
College is a smorgasbord.
College is a socialization process.
College is a stressful time.
College is a thousand years away, and they probably think they'd just as soon stay home anyway.
College is a time a massive transition, a bridge from adolescence to adulthood.
College is a time for career exploration.
College is a time for discovery, for exploring diverse opportunities, and for learning.
College is a time for exploration, educationally, and personally.
College is a time for exploration.
College is a time for exploring, and yes, time for a little fun.
College is a time for growth and learning.
College is a time for new faces, endeavors, and experiences.
College is a time for new things.
College is a time for personal growth and development.
College is a time in which people's tastes change as they are exposed to new things.
College is a time of change for every student.
College is a time of change for many people.
College is a time of change, challenges, explorations and discoveries.
College is a time of change.
College is a time of experiencing new freedoms and responsibilities.
College is a time of exploration, a time of freedom, a time of independence.
College is a time of exploration, trying new things, grown our personalities.
College is a time of great change, excitement, and growth.
College is a time of great freedom.
College is a time of great growth and change.
College is a time of great joy and excitement for the young.
College is a time of growth.
College is a time of learning, growing and, of course, experimentation.
College is a time of many changes and challenges.
College is a time of many firsts for students.
College is a time of new experiences, new relationships and new growth.
College is a time of personal growth and exploration.
College is a time of personal growth outside of the classroom.
College is a time of pressure, change and decision making.
College is a time of reflection and learning and is really critical developmentally.
College is a time of self discovery and questioning.
College is a time of self-definition.
College is a time of self-exploration.
College is a time of unanswered questions for students.
College is a time to be self-indulgent.
College is a time to dig in and grow.
College is a time to experience and experiment.
College is a time to explore self and ask such questions.
College is a time to form new relationships and to become involved in new and different activities.
College is a time to grow and utilize mistakes as step stones to maturity.
College is a time to learn and explore different points of view.
College is a time to learn to think in new ways and explore new ideals.
College is a time to meet new people and plan for one's future.
College is a time to work hard and have fun.
College is a time when an individual is trying to, first and foremost, achieve academic success.
College is a time when students are testing their values.
College is a time when students seek for truth and answers.
College is a time when students think the world is perfect.
College is a time when young men and women learn to make their own decisions.
College is a totally different environment from home with a lot more time left with nothing to do.
College is a totally different experience.
College is a tough adjustment.
College is a training ground for thinking.
College is a transition phase between adolescence and adulthood.
College is a tremendous exploration in so many ways.
College is a unique place.
College is a vehicle to experience many of life's good and bad moments.
College is a very different arena of study than high school.
College is a very social place and students like to fit in.
College is a very special and precious time in one's life.
College is a very transitional period in everyone's lives.
College is a waste of time and money.
College is a way of life.
College is a whole different ball game than high school.
College is a whole lot more than a big high school.
College is a whole new experience.
College is a whole new lifestyle as well as a way of learning.
College is a wonderful atmosphere to meet and greet new people.
College is a wonderful experience if students remember to keep school work as their main objective.
College is a wonderful time in life.
College is a wonderful time to get involved in community work.
College is a wonderfully rich and exciting experience.
College is a world of change, a world of ideas and sure as hell a world of different opinions.
College is a zombie factory.
College is about acquiring knowledge.
College is about as high as it goes.
College is about being exposed to new ideas.
College is about casual sex.
College is about changes and experiments.
College is about expanding horizons, after all.
College is about expanding one s horizon, both in and out of the classroom.
College is about expanding one's horizons and seeing things in a scholarly light.
College is about exploring choices, investigating possibilities.
College is about finding the best place to invest time, energy, intellect, and, yes, money.
College is about free speech.
College is about getting an education.
College is about growing up.
College is about having fun as well.
College is about higher learning.
College is about leadership, responsibility, education and friendship.
College is about learning and about experiencing.
College is about learning how to do the work.
College is about learning how to tolerate, how to accept, how to like and how to love.
College is about learning how to tolerate, how to accept, how to like, and how to love.
College is about learning to deal with life.
College is about learning, learning how to live.
College is about learning.
College is about making grades, but also friends and great experiences.
College is about more than courses, grades, and majors.
College is about more than just earning a degree.
College is about more than just four or so years of classes, professors and papers.
College is about new things.
College is about opening the mind.
College is about taking initiative and gaining self-sufficiency.
College is about the sharing and exchanging of ideas.
College is Affordable Paying for college expenses is a shared responsibility.
College is affordable.
College is all about learning.
College is all about life.
College is all about time management.
College is almost over.
College is also a time of networking.
College is also a time when many young people are trying to figure out their sexual orientation .
College is also an extraordinarily productive personal and family investment.
College is also for developing an understanding and appreciation for life and living in a community.
College is also hard because every student is poor.
College is also much more than just the pursuit of a degree.
College is also the way to go.
College is always there.
College is among the nation's most highly regarded community colleges.
College is an adult world with many decisions, anxieties and pressures.
College is an amazing time in a person's life.
College is an awful lot of work just to satisfy someone else.
College is an enormous commitment of time, effort and money.
College is an environment where students are exposed to many vantage points.
College is an excellent opportunity to strengthen personal and professional skills.
College is an exciting and challenging experience.
College is an exciting time for almost anyone.
College is an exciting time, but it can also be a very difficult time.
College is an exercise in independence to most students.
College is an expensive investment of time and money.
College is an experience that can bring new friends, new attitudes and new social growth.
College is an extremely stressful time for many pre-med students.
College is an eye opening, mind blowing experience.
College is an ideal long-term savings goal.
College is an important financial goal for most families.
College is an important learning experience for everyone.
College is an incredible time of discovery, adventure and learning.
College is an incredibly exciting time.
College is an innovative, model partnership program with universities in the Bay Area.
College is an integral time for young people to develop into mature, law-abiding citizens.
College is an interesting time.
College is an investment of a lifetime.
College is an odd place.
College is an opportunity for intellectual and social growth.
College is an opportunity to experiment, to boldy explore a smorgasboard of academic offerings.
College is an opportunity.
College is an unparalleled opportunity to explore one's possibilities and aspirations.
College is angst-ridden.
College is another.
College is as strong as it has ever been.
College is awesome.
College is better than high school.
College is better.
College is big, serious, work-intensive stuff.
College is both an academic and social experience.
College is by no means on the same level as the real world, but it is a bit of a baptism.
College is by no means the last opportunity to take tests.
College is certainly a major expense for anyone.
College is cheap.
College is closed.
College is closer than ever.
College is closer to the tv version going out, hanging out with friends, having freedom.
College is college.
College is crazy.
College is definitely a test tube for stress.
College is different from a high school - every student here is unique.
College is different from high school and from the world of work.
College is different from high school in several ways.
College is different from high school.
College is different than high school.
College is different then High school.
College is different when it comes to people.
College is different.
College is difficult, and it can be even more challenging for a student with a learning disability.
College is difficult, and it is even more challenging for a student with a learning disability.
College is down a few blocks on right.
College is easier because the good teams are always good and the bad teams are always bad.
College is easily attainable alcohol.
College is education, but it's also a business.
College is equipped to bring computer training to any location.
College is essential, and military technical training can go a long way toward a civilian degree.
College is exciting stuff.
College is expensive and money is oftentimes scarce, even for one person.
College is expensive and the cost is growing faster than the general rate of inflation.
College is expensive as ever, and the cost goes up every year.
College is expensive enough as it is.
College is expensive enough without adding in the purchase of large numbers of required books.
College is expensive.
College is filled with challenges, opportunities and dreams.
College is filled with joyful memories and amazing opportunities.
College is for a lot more than going to class.
College is for anyone who's willing to work hard for it.
College is for busy adults.
College is for learning.
College is for nerds and squares.
College is for rich kids.
College is for settling down.
College is for young people.
College is four years of abstractions.
College is four years of fun.
College is full of change and stressors.
College is full of choices.
College is full of decisions.
College is full of lessons.
College is full of new expectations, diversity, and discovery.
College is full of new experiences and new concepts.
College is full of reading.
College is full of romantic opportunities.
College is full of such stressors.
College is full of surprises.
College is full of trade offs.
College is fun, but it's no cakewalk.
College is fun, but really busy.
College is fun, scheduling for college bites.
College is fun, yet threatening.
College is fun.
College is fundamental to building a student's character, citizenship, and employment future.
College is funny.
College is generally a safe environment to master such skills.
College is good if a person can read between the lines and sift out the capitalist crap.
College is good right now and another semester has started.
College is great as a student, but it can be even better as a parent.
College is great, especially compared to high school.
College is great.
College is hard enough on everyone, but it seems like it's especially tough for a Pagan.
College is hard.
College is harder.
College is hectic.
College is helpful and needed for the higher paying departments.
College is high school all over again.
College is high school except with more people.
College is important, and to every student, college takes a different meaning.
College is important.
College is impossible.
College is in session.
College is increasingly a prerequisite for landing a sports television journalism job.
College is just a party before going into military service.
College is just a place that is no more immune to bureaucracy than any other.
College is just a sample of the real world and it is challenging.
College is just a way to streamline the educational process.
College is just around the corner.
College is just as overwhelming an adjustment for parents as it is for kids.
College is just beyond the horizon.
College is just the best way to meet other people.
College is just the start and there are many ways to get involved.
College is just too great of an experience.
College is kind of amazing.
College is known as a good place to get laid, but it's also a good place to get religion.
College is labeled a time when boys and girls become men and women.
College is life.
College is like a full-time job.
College is like an expensive summer camp.
College is like an unknown.
College is like high school, but on a grander scale.
College is like trying a new sport or a new musical instrument.
College is many people's first exposure to life on their own.
College is meant to present academic challenges.
College is mentioned repeatedly that they're in college, cause college is a school.
College is more easy-going and straight to the point than high school.
College is more highly competitive.
College is more tangential to the person s way of life.
College is more than a degree.
College is more than a few years in classes, to get a degree, to get a job.
College is more than a location in a particular part of the country.
College is more than attending classes.
College is more than classes and homework.
College is more than classes or homework.
College is more than going to class and taking tests.
College is more than going to classes.
College is more than just classes.
College is more than just memorization and good grades.
College is more than simple preparation for a career.
College is more than what happens in the classroom.
College is much more fun.
College is much more intense than high school.
College is much more than a place to learn new information, however.
College is much more than classroom encounters with professors.
College is much more than going to class.
College is much the same way.
College is new and stressful.
College is new friends wanting to shoot buckets, play cards, watch soaps, or just hang out.
College is new friends, new ideas, new stuff every day.
College is no different than life in general.
College is no different.
College is no place to be a couch potato.
College is no place to cut corners to save a few dollars.
College is nor the place where success happens spontaneously.
College is nothing like high school as far as classes go.
College is often a time of self-discovery.
College is often a tumultuous time for committed relationships, as people change and paths diverge.
College is on left.
College is on the left.
College is on the right.
College is one the right.
College is one thing and the pro level is something different.
College is one type of education.
College is one way to get an education, but often the best way to learn is by doing.
College is one way to open up many doors.
College is one-way going south.
College is only a stepping stone into the larger world.
College is only once.
College is only one dimension of their lives, unlike the student decades ago.
College is only one step in the journey.
College is only the beginning .
College is only the beginning.
College is open, no classes.
College is ostensibly a time of growth, a time of independence and a time for maturity.
College is out.
College is over.
College is packed with many stressful experiences and having support on reducing the load can help.
College is paid for.
College is part of growing up.
College is part of that culture.
College is party time.
College Is Possible - a resource guide for parents, students, and educational professionals.
College is Possible - Find out how to plan for, pay for and choose a college.
College Is Possible - Guide on how to prepare, choose and pay for college.
College is Possible - Has a great parent section.
College is Possible .
College Is Possible .
College is Possible and Fast Web .
College Is Possible Basic information for minority and low income families.
College Is Possible Campaign Sign Up document.
College Is Possible Excellent resources and materials about higher education.
College Is Possible for Everyone.
College Is Possible is devoted to helping families realize the dream of sending kids to college.
College is Possible, is another great site for parents and students.
College is possible.
College is Possible.
College Is Possible.
College is preferred.
College is pretty hard.
College is proactive.
College is probably the most unhealthy time of most students' lives.
College is product-oriented.
College is quite a bit different than high school in many ways.
College is really a developmental stage.
College is recognized as an important investment and the expense can be financed.
College is refreshingly an entirely different world than high school, and that's great.
College is released.
College is rich in resources, people, advisors and learning tools.
College is rough enough without extra-curricular headaches.
College is rough.
College is second building on the left.
College is seen more as a preparation for a career than for life.
College is seen widely as a time when students find themselves and discover their passions.
College is serious.
College is short.
College is signposted.
College is simply an exciting time.
College is simply too late to be learning reading, 'riting, and 'rithmetic.
College is so far away.
College is so freakin' cool.
College is so much better.
College is so much different from high school.
College is so much different than the business world.
College is so much fun.
College is so wonderful and there is so much to do and experience.
College is sometimes the stepchild of education reporters.
College is still affordable.
College is still an option and their future can remain in tact.
College is still the best investment in life.
College is stressful enough without being someplace where they're going to be unhappy.
College is stressful.
College is such an exciting journey in life.
College is supposed to be a time of excitement, learning and personal growth.
College is supposed to be about expanding opportunities.
College is supposed to be about finding one's own identity.
College is supposed to be college, singular, one place for four years.
College is supposed to be fun.
College is supposed to be the smart thing to do.
College is supposed to guide children who are making the transition into adulthood.
College is that polishing factor.
College is the best investment of a lifetime.
College is the big one.
College is the bridge for our lives to be good.
College is the college in which the course is taught.
College is the complete opposite.
College is the farthest thing from being an adult.
College is the final playpen.
College is the first step out into the world, a polishing school for aspiring adults.
College is the first taste of freedom.
College is the first time many students leave parents and control their own lives.
College is the great divide in American working life.
College is the greatest.
College is the home of diversity.
College is the institution designed to offer a liberal education.
College is the key in beginning a bright and joyful career.
College is the land of insomniacs.
College is the last half of American high school.
College is the life.
College is the most centrally-placed of all the London colleges.
College is the new chapter in our lives.
College is the oldest Catholic college for women in the United States.
College is the only period of repose they get between the cradle and the crematorium.
College is the perfect time to try something new.
College is the period of intense self-reflection and identity construction.
College is the place for education and development.
College is the place to do that.
College is the place where dreams come true.
College is the prime time of life.
College is the same thing.
College is the same way.
College is the second building on the left.
College is the second largest investment most families make, outside of purchasing a home.
College is the threshold to a much larger world that students know.
College is the time that students learn good habits, like being to class on time.
College is the time to explore various subjects to see what else is out there.
College is the time.
College is time of wonderful people and experiences.
College is to gain knowledge to make new friends and to prepare for a career.
College is to prepare for the future.
College is too expensive.
College is too stressful.
College is typically much more work than high school.
College is typically one of the best places to listen to and discover new music.
College is typically quite stressful for students who have learning disorders.
College is understood in our culture as a place where one becomes better educated.
College is unwilling to allow realistic experimentation due to cost and safety constraints.
College is usually the gap between childhood and the adult world.
College is very different from high school.
College is VERY different from high school.
College is very different from life on the outside or high school.
College is very important, and it is extremely important to keep active while at college.
College is very little about the schoolwork - it is about getting used to dealing with the world.
College is very, very expensive, and attending a smaller school first is a good way to save money.
College is voluntary and expensive .
College is voluntary and expensive.
College is what makes it special.
College is where everyone find themselves and their place in society.
College is where people come out in countless, sometimes unimaginable ways.
College is where the fun really began.
College is where visionary minds go to be challenged, grow, and mature.
College is wonderful.
College is worthwhile but it is also inhibiting in terms of creating art.
College is, after all, meant to provide some preparation for life.
College is, basically, the classroom of the world.
College is, by nature, a very selfish time in life.
College isa institution.
College judging teams compete for scholarships, trips and awards.
College just teaches more and more about less and less.
College learning doesn t only take place in the classroom.
College leases fraternities.
College looms ahead.
College make it a partner in the everyday life of Wisconsin's people.
College makes every effort to provide adequate and reasonable software to support the program.
College makes every effort to treat comparable family situations alike.
College makes NO commitment to preserve ANY user's data on the hard disks or server.
College makes the exploration of the meaning of life a legitimate, credit earning activity.
College means hard work in sections.
College means new surroundings, new people, new challenges and a whole new lifestyle.
College means the opportunity to stand for hours in line with one's classmates.
College means transitions.
College moves out, preliminary demolition work, a traditional feast.
College needs a better mechanism for funding and maintaining presentation technology.
College needs to be a time of freedom.
College needs to engage faculty in planning room renovations.
College needs to filter the idea down to high school and augment in community college.
College Now graduates go on to interesting, well-paying careers.
College Now students to take full, positive advantage of the program.
College offers a degree of freedom from the pressures of narrow high school norms.
College offers a newfound freedom to students who are living on their own for the first time.
College offers many opportunities through club activities and events.
College offers more than enough of a change.
College offers new experiences and challenges.
College offers Ph.D. program in English.
College offers the freedom of choice.
College offers urban legends about academia and the college experience.
College offers wonderful potential for character development.
College opens an opportunity for people to deal with reality.
College opens multi-media Lab for faculty.
College opens new vistas for most students.
College opens on Detroit campus.
College opens the door for a tidal wave of choices and different opportunities.
College opens the door to the entire world.
College operating budgets provide for the barest essentials.
College packs a lot of growing up into four short years.
College pays for employees, employee is responsible for cost of dependents.
College pays for lunch.
College pays same percentage as for an active employee.
College pays total premium for Permanent employee.
College proceeds upon the assumption that all knowledge is one.
College produces magical memories of close friendships and intellectual revelations.
College provides a big social outlet for a lot of people.
College provides a blend of computing facilities of varying capabilities.
College provides a variety of services for business and industry.
College provides a wealth of opportunities for students to get involved.
College provides ample facilities for development of an integrated personality.
College provides help with web publishing.
College provides much more than mere classroom learning.
College raise despite none reason if lock preschool birthday party ideas.
College reading scores suggest our students enter and exit at the national average.
College receives approval before offering course.
College receives Middle States accreditation.
College recommending grades are A and B .
College records Search Bankruptcy records.
College recruiting information, chat rooms, and qualifying standards are also available.
College represents a time to explore new ideas and new opportunities.
College requires medical certificate and chest x-ray.
College requires more work, more personal initiative, and better time management.
College requires much more independence of study than high school does.
College requires students to make a lot of choices.
College requires studying and intense concentration.
College reserves the right to cancel room bookings upon refund of fees paid.
College reserves the right to change prices and policies without prior notice.
College rewards individual performance.
College runs a successful Affirmative action training programme.
College seeks diversity of social, economic, and geographic backgrounds.
College seems a prime time for conversion.
College seems like a nice time to want to remember.
College sees no lipid advantage in consuming monounsaturates in nuts rather than as oil.
College settles harassment charges stemming from computer conferences .
College shine Articles aboard none situation across the soup.
College sophomores the summer before their junior year to work at a local newspaper press.
College sounds tougher than ever.
College spurs interest The boom in masters rowing reflects a growth in collegiate competition.
College standing committees include elected student members.
College starts here.
College starts up again soon.
College subtracts energy use with geothermal systems.
College sucks fat ass.
College supports local unity celebration .
College supports patients' rights bill.
College takes up a lot of time.
College tends to bring with it a real pressure to make good grades.
College there is.
College tones the body as well as the mind.
College wants to change culture so that there are no open containers anywhere outside.
College wants to work on attracting students and maintaining standards.
College Welcome to the homepage for the largest, busiest, most exciting club on campus.
College Welcome to the leading independent college assessment reference.
College writing assignments often have a greater degree of specificity than high-school assignments.
College writing assignments require formal diction.
Colleges accept students with a wide range of test scores.
Colleges actually specialize in challenges.
Colleges add students.
Colleges admit students pending final high school grades.
Colleges aggressively recruit the best young female athletes.
Colleges allow varying lengths of time for students to add and drop classes.
Colleges already appreciate outside interests and commitments.
Colleges already have a plethora of technological facilities and equipment that new firms can use.
Colleges already validate the adage that the chief cause of problems is solutions.
Colleges also can share the violation committed and any sanction imposed on the student.
Colleges also carry out research and development as well as artistic development.
Colleges also differ with regard to their housing policy for visiting students.
Colleges also distribute their own aid to students.
Colleges also have computing facilities.
Colleges also help students find part-time jobs.
Colleges also look carefully at extracurricular activities like photography.
Colleges also offer academic programs designed especially for adult learners.
Colleges also offer certificate, lifelong learning and continuing education programs.
Colleges also offer specific scholarships for special achievements and general excellence.
Colleges also provide accommodation, meals, library facilities and recreation for their members.
Colleges also provide funds for a variety of prizes, scholarships, book and travel grants.
Colleges also provide incomparably better service.
Colleges also require evidence that the entering student's immunizations are complete.
Colleges also seem to be hiring more career presidents.
Colleges also sponsor movies, concerts, lectures, discussions, etc.
Colleges anticipate full or partial completion of an undergraduate degree for most applicants.
Colleges appear quite indifferent to social-class diversity.
Colleges appreciate well-rounded students.
Colleges are a fertile place for young entrepreneurs.
Colleges are a mecca of academic and cultural activity.
Colleges are a natural place to look for potential breakthroughs.
Colleges are able to make money on other things besides sports.
Colleges are academies.
Colleges are accountable for the results of publicly funded learning opportunities.
Colleges are all over town .
Colleges are also interested in more than academic accomplishments.
Colleges are big places with many buildings spread out over acres of land.
Colleges are bodies.
Colleges are by far the most difficult entities to get records from.
Colleges are centers of cultural resource and enrichment.
Colleges are concerned about student debt and are expanding assistance programs.
Colleges are dynamic places.
Colleges are educational institutions.
Colleges are educational organizations.
Colleges are especially distressed that the rankings matter.
Colleges are expensive to operate, therefore, if a college utilizes student labor, everybody wins.
Colleges are free to use the most appropriate routing protocol for their environment.
Colleges are free to use their own procedures.
Colleges are full of very smart people.
Colleges are good for local education.
Colleges are great places to make mistakes and learn valuable lessons.
Colleges are happy to provide schools with feedback.
Colleges are hungry for consortia online agreements.
Colleges are in fact corporations with budgets and a bureaucracy.
Colleges are increasingly interested in the well- rounded student.
Colleges are increasingly sensitive to providing programs and assistance to minority students.
Colleges are institutions.
Colleges are interesting places with lost of interesting people doing interesting things.
Colleges are keenly aware of the consequences of having security that appears to be lax.
Colleges are less dangerous than most of our communities, but some are a lot safer than others.
Colleges are less regulated.
Colleges are like horizons, they are everywhere.
Colleges are local health services for a community of students.
Colleges are located in big cities.
Colleges are located in buildings.
Colleges are located in cities.
Colleges are located in fraternity houses.
Colleges are located in large cities.
Colleges are most concerned that quality classes have been elected and successfully completed.
Colleges are much bigger than elementary schools or high schools.
Colleges are much the same.
Colleges are one of the best sources of financial aid for most students.
Colleges are outraged as well.
Colleges are part of academia.
Colleges are places.
Colleges are quite concerned.
Colleges are responsible for effectively providing services to applicants and qualified students.
Colleges are responsible for making all offers.
Colleges are responsible for making the actual awards.
Colleges are responsible for program content and for instructional staff.
Colleges are responsible for services which directly benefit their faculty, staff and students.
Colleges are schools.
Colleges are searchable by state and region.
Colleges are similar.
Colleges are stations.
Colleges are still cheaper than prisons.
Colleges are the place to study, but making friends was important.
Colleges are the vanguard of thought and action about social justice.
Colleges are unable to issue refunds for late arrivals.
Colleges are unable to provide students and families with tax advice.
Colleges are used for teaching.
Colleges are usually interested in the well-rounded student.
Colleges are usually magnets for everything from bookstores to ice cream shops.
Colleges are very aggressive in their recruiting or marketing endeavors.
Colleges are very concerned with maintaining their selectivity.
Colleges are worse.
Colleges ask students to complete an essay or fill out a short application form.
Colleges assist high school students.
Colleges assist school students.
Colleges assist students.
Colleges attempt to change society, of course, but they are in turn influenced by that society.
Colleges begin to package aid for the next academic year in the spring.
Colleges benefit by sustaining a highly motivated and committed faculty.
Colleges benefit through gifts from alumni who give for the benefit of future students.
Colleges benefit, too.
Colleges can arrange to have staff and students take the mastery exam on the Internet.
Colleges can base merit aid awards partially on standardized test scores.
Colleges can become increasingly selective once they have already admitting students.
Colleges can become increasingly selective once they have already started admitting students.
Colleges can connect families and current concerns they share.
Colleges can experience the same blessing, sometimes preventatively.
Colleges can look at the state tests and see what they mean without a national test.
Colleges can measure students' academic preparation in different ways.
Colleges can provide a challenging, often frustrating environment for managers.
Colleges can purchase skills from one another.
Colleges can revoke admissions and scholarships.
Colleges can see student grades, past courses, and current courses, and can grant over-rides.
Colleges can spend years debating much smaller questions.
Colleges can submit up to three applications in each of the three categories.
Colleges can take preventative measures by installing networks and running networked software.
Colleges can teach many valuable skills, but they can also nourish many dangerous illusions.
Colleges can use chances of success information in making admissions decisions.
Colleges can use it to locate alumni.
Colleges can use the data to evaluate the market viability of their teacher education programs.
Colleges can work together to operate consortium grants.
Colleges charge a fee for the card.
Colleges charge whatever they want.
Colleges claim that they play a crucial role in training students to be citizens.
Colleges collect the data.
Colleges come calling with cash, cars and coeds.
Colleges come in all shapes and sizes, with varying degrees of academic performance.
Colleges come in all shapes and sizes.
Colleges compete for students with financial aid.
Colleges compete in folk style.
Colleges comprise schools.
Colleges conduct tours and interviews on an almost year-round basis.
Colleges consider each case individually and no standard rules apply.
Colleges consider extra courses on a high school transcript a sign of a motivated student.
Colleges consider the highest score.
Colleges contact the program coordinator for student application procedures.
Colleges continue to move applications online, saving time and money.
Colleges continue to schedule visits on a daily basis.
Colleges continue to seek new ways to provide and enhance developmental instruction.
Colleges Covers most major colleges in USA and some other part of the world.
Colleges create courses to meet the needs of the market.
Colleges decide individually to ask students to take STEP papers.
Colleges declare that they celebrate diversity and strive for a diverse student body.
Colleges decry criticism, from politicians and the press, that they say distorts the issues.
Colleges deserve a second look before the end of session.
Colleges discuss ways to make their services more available to students.
Colleges divert ever greater resources into remedial studies.
Colleges divide the academic year into either semesters, quarters or sessions.
Colleges do face risks when it comes to naming opportunities.
Colleges do have a responsibility to address issues of alcohol use on campus.
Colleges do have their own systems and each one has specific needs and criteria they require.
Colleges do it.
Colleges do just about anything to fill the empty chairs.
Colleges do just fine no, better because their boards include few if any educators.
Colleges do much of their recruiting in the spring and subsequent summer of a player's junior year.
Colleges do rescind their offers.
Colleges do the same thing.
Colleges do want more than the minimum.
Colleges don t look kindly on liars.
Colleges eat towels.
Colleges emphasize freestyle to their wrestlers.
Colleges encourage constructive activities like traveling abroad or attending community college.
Colleges examine false alarm consequences after deadly fire.
Colleges expect well rounded students.
Colleges face a basic problem.
Colleges face many challenges in providing an effective Internet presence.
Colleges face new pressure to increase faculty productivity.
Colleges face tough questions about using technology to teach more students.
Colleges find our seniors to be attractive prospects for more reasons than their transcripts.
Colleges Find out about college cheerleading programs and scholarships. . .
Colleges focus on making web sites work for people with disabilities.
Colleges follow a six year cycle during which institutional review is continuous.
Colleges follow a ten year cycle during which institutional review is continuous.
Colleges follow explicit deadlines in the evaluation of financial aid eligibility.
Colleges follow policy.
Colleges follow schedules.
Colleges gain in war on drinking.
Colleges generally accept scores from either test.
Colleges generally consider a smaller percentage of parents' assets in the financial aid equation.
Colleges generally have some form of student advisor program available to the student.
Colleges generally use whichever score is higher, giving the student the benefit.
Colleges get months to choose which students to accept.
Colleges get more perspectives, and thus more diversity, from more economic and social backgrounds.
Colleges give assistance.
Colleges give expert assistance.
Colleges give out large numbers of scholarships to entering freshmen.
Colleges give out scholarships, too.
Colleges give their best packages to the most desirable applicants.
Colleges grant guarantees as well as degrees.
Colleges grapple with Indian mascot names .
Colleges handle financial aid in different ways.
Colleges have a delicate balance.
Colleges have a more strict career structure.
Colleges have a tendency to produce more well-paid workers than universities.
Colleges have boards of directors to control the institution.
Colleges have counsel.
Colleges have deadlines for applying to use financial aid in off-campus programs.
Colleges have different financial aid application deadlines.
Colleges have different financial aid deadlines.
Colleges have different procedures.
Colleges have different styles of dorms, and assign roommates differently.
Colleges have discretion over how much grant aid they choose to award a student.
Colleges have four years to comply.
Colleges have information on work sites in a variety of locations.
Colleges have information.
Colleges have labs.
Colleges have less direct control over students than elementary and secondary schools.
Colleges have much work to do.
Colleges have options.
Colleges have personalities, just like people.
Colleges have personalities, too.
Colleges have plenty of character and they all have their own atmospheres.
Colleges have pupils.
Colleges have responsibilities to students and society.
Colleges have strengths just like students.
Colleges have the ability to offer different raises.
Colleges have the authority to establish their own fees, including additional ancillary fees.
Colleges have the discretion to negotiate only with their own money.
Colleges have the flexibility to determine the mix of awards given.
Colleges have the option to offer on-line courses.
Colleges have the option to renew support for a second semester in special cases.
Colleges have their own magazines.
Colleges have their own personalities and it takes a little time to get a feel for that personality.
Colleges have their own standards for admission of athletes, as well as any other students.
Colleges have throngs of young, energetic people who fit that description.
Colleges have to be ready to serve anybody anytime.
Colleges have to do more to make themselves more transparent in explaining their finances.
Colleges have to register all foreign students.
Colleges have tremendous circulation of their bulletins and newspapers.
Colleges have various systems for awarding credit.
Colleges have writing labs which can offer assistance.
Colleges help find jobs for students, and the federal government helps pay the salary.
Colleges help students learn to grow as individuals and as citizens.
Colleges help the process by requiring the purchase of computers and making going online very easy.
Colleges hold services.
Colleges implement our programs so that their students learn more in less time.
Colleges invest in distance learning.
Colleges just get in the way of progress.
Colleges keep extra funds on hand for contingencies.
Colleges keep money from fees while most of the day tuition goes back to the state.
Colleges know about our admissions standards and the quality of our academic program.
Colleges know early in the year who is enrolled.
Colleges know that people are going to have to make up the difference with their credit cards.
Colleges lead fight against Ecstasy.
Colleges Leads to lists of sites with the best ratings.
Colleges learn to ease pressure on grad students.
Colleges learn to pay up or punt in salary game .
Colleges like to accept students who are likely to accept their offer of admis sion.
Colleges like to demonstrate that they attract students from all over the country.
Colleges like to see creativity, spark, and a desire to push boundaries.
Colleges look at more than scores.
Colleges look at whether a student took an advanced placement or honors class.
Colleges look carefully at courses selected by applicants in their senior year.
Colleges look for a strong academic program and a high GPA in that program.
Colleges look for depth of involvement.
Colleges look for students who challenge themselves.
Colleges look for students who share their time and talents with the community by helping others.
Colleges look for superstars.
Colleges look for well-rounded students who do more than just get good grades.
Colleges look to businesses for advice on restructuring.
Colleges look to see grades improving each high school year.
Colleges look unfavorably at falling grades and light or reduced loads during the senior year.
Colleges looking for existing programs to emulate have a multitude of models from which to choose.
Colleges love players with that versatility.
Colleges love that.
Colleges love to see students using their knowledge and developing their skills and interests.
Colleges make a lot of money from their athletics.
Colleges make a point of highlighting student's independence.
Colleges make every effort to award good students all the aid they can.
Colleges meet two afternoons per week throughout the first two years.
Colleges move to stop binge drinking .
Colleges notice the gesture and it helps to reinforce a positive impression.
Colleges now have a virtual monopoly on higher-education credentials.
Colleges now provide remedial English classes to teach incoming freshmen how to read and write.
Colleges now require students to use computers to do research, to produce papers.
Colleges obviously vary in their curricular requirements.
Colleges offer a curriculum leading to the bachelor's degree in arts or sciences.
Colleges offer a narrower scope of studies, such as a liberal arts or other specialized degrees.
Colleges offer additional computing resources for students enrolled in their programs.
Colleges offer counsel.
Colleges offer courses for entrepreneurs in servant leadership.
Colleges offer degrees.
Colleges offer different types of recognition for participation in co-op.
Colleges offer features.
Colleges offer master degrees.
Colleges offer material science.
Colleges offer mathematics.
Colleges offer mentoring programs.
Colleges offer more fun classes than high schools do, anyway.
Colleges offer science.
Colleges offer services.
Colleges offer some prepaid tuition programs, while state governments run many others.
Colleges offer technical and vocational courses as well as courses in the arts.
Colleges offer technology.
Colleges offer tours and interviews on a year-round basis.
Colleges only recruit students they really want.
Colleges only send award letters to students they have accepted for admission.
Colleges operate in the public domain.
Colleges pay a fee to be a member of the common application.
Colleges pay special attention to the challenging courses the student has successfully taken.
Colleges place a lot of importance on course selection.
Colleges play by the rules of a market economy, after all.
Colleges play sports to help develop young men and women through tough, honest competition.
Colleges prefer four years of English, history, math, science, and a language.
Colleges prefer high schoolers that take challenging course loads.
Colleges prefer recommendations from recent or current teachers.
Colleges prefer students to seek a challenge.
Colleges prepare students for careers in business, applied arts, technology, and health sciences.
Colleges prepare students for participation and approve the job as an appropriate learning site.
Colleges pride themselves in their efforts to model a collegial community.
Colleges properly seek the former.
Colleges provide all courses required to obtain the AA degree in a distance learning format.
Colleges provide an education.
Colleges provide guidance.
Colleges provide regular supervision on a personal basis.
Colleges provide some kind of computing resources for their members.
Colleges provide the necessary information and resources in support of effective academic advising.
Colleges provide tutorial teaching and accommodation, and are responsible for selecting students.
Colleges pull applicants from a population that includes many more high-scoring whites than blacks.
Colleges pursue a competitive edge via the Internet.
Colleges receive far more applications than then they can possibly accommodate.
Colleges receive fees for educating students, board and lodging charges and income from endowments.
Colleges receive money for medical purposes.
Colleges receive more gifts and in greater amounts from fraternity and sorority alumni.
Colleges receive such funding even when students are engaged in their off-campus assignments.
Colleges reclaim the assessment initiative.
Colleges recruit minority students with scholarships and other aid.
Colleges report debts.
Colleges require an application, high school transcript, application fee, and sometimes an essay.
Colleges require different applications for international students.
Colleges require students.
Colleges require transcripts before making their final decision on whom to admit.
Colleges say students.
Colleges say the cross-border recruiting creates true diversity.
Colleges seek out expertise for on-campus technology.
Colleges seek out students with meaningful volunteer experience.
Colleges seem to be waking up to homeschoolers of all styles.
Colleges send their station managers and program directors to network with label reps.
Colleges shortchange future teachers Reforms aim to merge theory and practice.
Colleges simply can no longer exist in isolation, especially isolation from our primary schools.
Colleges specialize in different areas.
Colleges spend three times more money recruiting men, and twice as much running men's teams.
Colleges sponsor several free musical events every semester and they are worth looking into.
Colleges start to flip out.
Colleges start tracking kids in their freshman or sophomore years so they can follow their progress.
Colleges strive to give disabled students acces to on-line courses.
Colleges strive to give disabled students access to on-line courses.
Colleges strongly recommend one or more semesters of computer programming.
Colleges struggle to figure out how much they are spending on online programs.
Colleges struggle with IT planning.
Colleges supposedly educate for the long run, but keep books for the short run.
Colleges take a softer position.
Colleges take a surprisingly long time to issue transcripts.
Colleges take computers to the mall to register students.
Colleges take note of paid note-takers .
Colleges take precautions in wake of rapes.
Colleges take seriously any kind of academic dishonesty.
Colleges take the place of all of that.
Colleges taking part in each curriculum area guarantee to accept each other's credits for transfer.
Colleges teach young adults.
Colleges tend to be smaller institutions.
Colleges tend to be smaller schools and universities are usually larger schools with more .
Colleges tend to be strong in particular areas rather than across the board.
Colleges tout amenities to recruit students.
Colleges try to prevent alcohol abuse.
Colleges turn to marketing techniques for intervention.
Colleges typically grant one to two academic credits upon successful completion of the seminar.
Colleges understand that high school students are works in progress.
Colleges understand that.
Colleges use a number of criteria to determine eligibility for admission.
Colleges use a standard formula to award financial aid.
Colleges use affirmative action plans to diversify their student bodies.
Colleges use aid to compete for top students.
Colleges use both formulas and feelings when awarding aid.
Colleges use one term per semester.
Colleges use that information in different ways.
Colleges use the database to search for, market to, and recruit potential students.
Colleges use the scores to predict freshman performance in college.
Colleges use two twenty minute halves.
Colleges using the portal companies say they are mindful of privacy concerns.
Colleges utilize collegiate , also called folkstyle , and high schools use a variation thereof.
Colleges vary greatly in size, cost, and the types of special services they offer.
Colleges vary greatly in terms of admission selectivity.
Colleges vary greatly in their requirements for admission.
Colleges vary in size, location, philosophy, etc.
Colleges vary in terms of their entrance requirements for Arts majors.
Colleges vary in terms of their entrance requirements for business majors.
Colleges vary in their arrangements.
Colleges vary in what they see as their catchment area.
Colleges vary widely in their emphasis on computers and advanced technology.
Colleges vary widely in their selectivity.
Colleges vary with regard to how much financial aid and scholarships they have available.
Colleges weigh volunteer work heavily.
Colleges welcome visitors, and a visit is the best way to find out what a school is really like.
Colleges work both in support of, and as an advocate to, federal department and agencies.
Colleges work transfers in two ways.
Colleges work with hundreds of companies to provide quality and cost effective training.
Colleges always recruit pitching first, then catchers,and shortstops.
Colleges frequently convert tight ends to the offensive line.
College often becomes the first time young adults have to prepare their own food.
College often means an erratic schedule.
Colleges often account for such factors when assessing a student's aid eligibility.
Colleges often give honorary doctorates to famous people who speak there.
Colleges often give preference to students who get their forms in fast.
Colleges often have cultural diversity groups that students can join.
Colleges often have difficulty finding and retaining quality teachers for such courses.
Colleges often have their own security or police staff.
Colleges often pick up the tab.
Colleges often provide financial assistance for travel.
Colleges often require students to take certain courses as part of their programs.
Colleges often run History societies for their students.
Colleges often send teams of several faculty members to the workshops.
Colleges often supply volunteers.
Colleges often use more than intimidation tactics to silence dissent from the party line.
Colleges sometimes ask students to suggest questions that they use on later applications.
Colleges sometimes find themselves faced with a student demand for a course exceeding the supply.
Colleges sometimes offer longer, more in-depth fitness certification programs as well.
Colleges usually have some basic linguistics texts, and can be encouraged to obtain others.
Colleges usually have specimen collections that birds can be borrowed from.
Colleges usually have student placement services that match students up with potential employers.
Colleges usually prefer three years of one language rather than two years of two languages.
Colleges usually schedule certain dates for visits.
Colleges usually try to maintain endowments that are at least equal in value to annual expenses.
All colleges accept applications up to the first day of classes.
All colleges are alike, so comparisons are a waste of time.
All colleges are bureaucratic.
All colleges are coeducational.
All colleges are schools.
All colleges are welcome.
All colleges are well represented.
All colleges consider applications from mature students.
All colleges emphasize the importance of an innovative curriculum and individualized programming.
All colleges establish their policies independently.
All colleges have a chief academic as head, using a variety of titles.
All colleges have a library.
All colleges have a similar mix of arts, science and commerce students.
All colleges have constitutions.
All colleges have different standards for what counts.
All colleges have the same problems.
All colleges have their own sports facilities, and the university also has centralized facilities.
All colleges have their problems.
All colleges have wheelchair access.
All colleges listed are within three hours driving time of Russell County.
All colleges maintain lists of local serviced and self-catering accommodation.
All colleges now have a strategic plan.
All colleges offer a caring and secure environment.
All colleges offer counseling for people who have substance abuse problems themselves.
All colleges offer financial aid in the form of scholarships, grants, and loans.
All colleges offer information, tours and on-campus interviews.
All colleges offer instruction at more than one facility.
All colleges offer specialist courses for trained teachers.
All colleges participate in county schools College Night programs.
All colleges provide full board accommodation, i.e. three meals per day for the academic year.
All colleges provide rooms in college for undergraduates in their first year.
All colleges recognize for college credits.
All colleges regard themselves as unique, and they truly are.
All colleges require evidence of potential to work at a much higher level than A-level.
All colleges require foreign language competencies.
All colleges see the pool list and can pick out candidates for whom they have free places.
All colleges share the responsibility of administering the system.
All colleges use different methods of placement.
All colleges use similar criteria, though in varying importance.
All colleges welcome visitors.
All colleges welcome.
Any college can appear wonderful in brochures and videos.
Every college gives students e-mail accounts and dorm room hookups.
Every college has a career center.
Every college has a liaison librarian that students can go to for assistance.
Every college has a list of admission requirements.
Every college has a newspaper that runs articles that are in the interest of the students.
Every college has a newspaper, which almost every student picks up and reads.
Every college has a number of student-run organizations.
Every college has an undergraduate college student services office .
Every college has different financial resources and varied college aid philosophy and policy.
Every college has different standards.
Every college has kids who get into trouble.
Every college has students who enroll in pre-med programs and end up majoring in sociology.
Every college has unique characteristics.
Every college is different which means that a person can pick where is most suitable.
Every college is different.
Every college is the right place for some students and wrong for others of equal academic ability.
Every college publishes a catalog, which students usually ignore until they are in a jam.
Every college requires accounting.
Every college uses scores differently.
Every college uses the same formula for awarding financial aid.
Many colleges accept a portfolio of a homeschooler's work.
Many colleges accept either one, but some require one or the other.
Many colleges allow high school students to take one or more college courses during high school.
Many colleges allow retired people to take courses at little or no cost.
Many colleges allow students to keep fish in small tanks in their dorm rooms.
Many colleges already find communities highly educational.
Many colleges also have support groups for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender students.
Many colleges also maintain computer labs for students enrolled in their curricula.
Many colleges also offer a junior year abroad programs.
Many colleges also offer orientation seminars for new telecourse students.
Many colleges also offer scholarships funded by private endowments.
Many Colleges also offer travel awards, particularly in association with dissertation research.
Many colleges also offer virtual tours from their main web site.
Many colleges also require a completed application form.
Many colleges also run summer programmes for individuals.
Many colleges appear to be trade schools, but are more advanced than trade schools.
Many colleges are near major vertebrate collections kept in zoos and aquariums.
Many colleges are on a quarter system.
Many colleges automatically do that.
Many colleges begin contacting prospective students during the summer before the senior year.
Many colleges can process corrections for the students electronically.
Many colleges carefully examine senior-year grades and courses.
Many colleges celebrate with several days of university and community activities.
Many colleges change books each time a student moves on to the next class.
Many colleges charge parking permits fees.
Many colleges claim to offer actuarial science programs.
Many colleges clear their tables of steak, substitute fruit and pasta.
Many colleges consider everyone who attended as alumni when it comes to mailings of all kinds.
Many colleges continue to have a short-fall of students.
Many colleges decline to accept transfer credit of lower than a C grade.
Many colleges discourage cars.
Many colleges do and it is a great help.
Many colleges do offer work-study programs to foreign students.
Many colleges do qualify to offer their students state and federal aid.
Many colleges do the common application and then ask for a separate essay.
Many colleges encourage juniors to begin visiting their campuses as early as possible.
Many colleges engage in some basic forms of permission marketing as well.
Many Colleges enjoy spectacular views over Durham City.
Many colleges enlist their alumni to help recruit candidates.
Many colleges even help graduated students find jobs.
Many colleges even offer online applications.
Many colleges expect more than just the bare minimum.
Many colleges expect students to bring their own computers.
Many colleges favor black and Hispanic applicants in admissions, according to a new report.
Many colleges feel they are elite places.
Many colleges give calculus credit for the students who make a high score on the exam.
Many colleges have a systematic program for training part time faculty.
Many colleges have a very early deadline for financial aid.
Many colleges have an off-campus housing web page as well.
Many colleges have applications available online.
Many colleges have biographical registers of their alumni.
Many colleges have class secretaries that keep tabs on classmates.
Many colleges have classes on how to study.
Many colleges have different application deadlines and scholarship deadlines.
Many colleges have evening courses, and user groups are extremely helpful.
Many colleges have excellent programs for students with learning disabilities.
Many colleges have excellent regional reputations.
Many colleges have forms that can be filled out to document the misconduct.
Many colleges have funds specifically designated for students with learning disabilities.
Many colleges have graduate students available to assist students in course work.
Many colleges have graduates who have become actuaries.
Many colleges have information on the Web.
Many colleges have internet sites - find useful links HERE .
Many colleges have internship or co-op programs, or even experiential education programs.
Many colleges have no vaulters.
Many colleges have onsite working programs incorporated into the course work.
Many colleges have open houses for prospective students in both the spring and fall.
Many colleges have programs ranging from ecology to computers to engineering to music and more.
Many colleges have separate centers for adults.
Many colleges have special dates scheduled for visits.
Many colleges have special programs for visiting high school students.
Many colleges have special tution rates for people over certain age limits.
Many colleges have specific requirements for admission.
Many colleges have summer programs for high school and middle school students.
Many colleges have superb support programs for the dyslexic young person.
Many colleges have their admission application available on-line.
Many colleges have their catalogs and degree requirements available on the web.
Many colleges have their individual applications available on the web.
Many colleges have their own web sites and some even allow a prospective student to apply on line.
Many colleges have their own Web sites.
Many colleges have unstated expectations about the duties of the wife of the chief executive.
Many colleges have Web sites where they post information about the number of students enrolled.
Many colleges hold campuswide voter-registration parties.
Many colleges hold general career fairs at least once a semester.
Many colleges honor advanced placement test scores by granting credit when students enroll.
Many colleges issue smart cards to their students.
Many colleges let their students repeat courses they receive a D in.
Many colleges limit payroll inquiry access.
Many colleges list all of their scholarship opportunities.
Many colleges list their homeschool entrance requirements on their web pages now.
Many colleges maintain numerous individual clubs and an active student government.
Many colleges move to link courses with volunteerism.
Many colleges now have earlier deadlines.
Many colleges now have such policies and procedures in place.
Many colleges now have websites which include their application.
Many colleges now list special entrance requirements for homeschoolers on their web pages.
Many colleges now offer courses dedicated to film, video and sound production techniques.
Many colleges now offer courses in criminalistics and evidence collection.
Many colleges now offer courses in experimental psychology using laboratory animals.
Many colleges now offer distance education for personal or group study.
Many colleges now offer Internet access as part of their standard student services.
Many colleges now offer online instruction.
Many colleges now offer virtual campus tours.
Many colleges now provide commercial food services for students, for example.
Many colleges nowadays offer students free email and Internet access as part of their enrollment.
Many colleges offer a liberal arts curriculum, and some offer an international education program.
Many colleges offer assistance to students who have physical or learning disabilities.
Many colleges offer classes as well.
Many colleges offer classes over the Internet.
Many colleges offer college credit or tuition waivers for research assistantships.
Many colleges offer courses and degrees in environmental studies as preparation for future careers.
Many colleges offer courses in cinematography or video-editing software.
Many colleges offer courses or degrees in photography.
Many colleges offer credit and noncredit classes.
Many colleges offer discounts on some courses for pensioners.
Many colleges offer evening and weekend classes.
Many colleges offer extension courses in writing.
Many colleges offer fee waivers for applicants from low-income families.
Many colleges offer financial aid for telecourse students.
Many colleges offer internships to students in their IT programs.
Many colleges offer internships.
Many colleges offer monthly payment plans that spread the cost over the academic year.
Many colleges offer one-credit courses on careers in different fields, such as health sciences.
Many colleges offer photojournalism courses in their journailsm schools.
Many colleges offer pre-health advising programs.
Many colleges offer private, cooperative housing.
Many colleges offer programs that help students gain work experience before graduation.
Many colleges offer programs that start at other times during the year than the fall semester.
Many colleges offer senior or honors thesis options.
Many colleges offer short-term study abroad programs from ten days to four weeks in duration.
Many colleges offer special programs, including group study abroad opportunities.
Many colleges offer specific college-based scholarship funds.
Many colleges offer students access to an electronic library catalog.
Many colleges offer students the option to live in smaller dorms by themselves.
Many colleges offer their students the opportunity to study abroad.
Many colleges offer tuition-free courses for seniors.
Many colleges offer undergraduate degree programs in journalism.
Many colleges offer videos which detail all of the areas of the school.
Many colleges offer writing intensive courses in lieu of English composition.
Many colleges only have a limited number of online students on their own campus.
Many colleges post daily security incident logs on-line.
Many colleges prefer electronic applications because they make it easier to track student data.
Many colleges profiled also provide links to their catalogs.
Many colleges promote social awareness and community involvement.
Many colleges provide courses for students that focus primarily on specific technology skills.
Many colleges provide Internet training for faculty.
Many colleges provide laptops and e-mail addresses for the students.
Many colleges provide their students with unlimited access to the Internet.
Many colleges recognize the needs of non-traditional students.
Many colleges reduce entry requirements to encourage older entrants.
Many colleges rely on consultants to play integral roles in their capital campaigns.
Many colleges report significant increases in the number of student groups in recent years.
Many colleges require a statement as part of their applications process.
Many colleges require an essay.
Many colleges require four years of mathematics for admission.
Many colleges require immediate suspension of students who are caught plagiarizing.
Many colleges require interviews with an admissions officer or alumnus.
Many colleges require or recommend one or more subject tests for admission.
Many colleges require students to complete a field session in a camp operated by the college.
Many colleges require students to have a computer.
Many colleges require that a senior thesis be produced in seminar classes.
Many colleges require that the applicant write an essay.
Many colleges require two years of the same language for admission.
Many colleges restrict internships to juniors and seniors.
Many colleges say that class rank is more revealing than simple grade point average.
Many colleges sell alcohol at sports events.
Many colleges serving minorities are still highly dependent on nonminority instructors.
Many colleges sponsor special open house programs for admitted students.
Many colleges stay open during the holidays and offer resources for students and non-students alike.
Many colleges still offer Western Civilization only.
Many colleges stop allowing students to drop a class a week or two after the first midterm exam .
Many colleges stop allowing students to drop a class a week or two after the first midterm exam.
Many colleges support computer labs for their students.
Many colleges thrive on preparing students for transfer to other sc hools.
Many colleges understate the number of crimes on their campuses.
Many colleges use it as a backup system.
Many colleges use social security numbers for student identification purposes on student records.
Many colleges use the latter budget to take field trips.
Many colleges use the same application form for freshman, returning students and transfer.
Many colleges use the spirit of . . . to help define their institution.
More colleges offer more scholarships in more sports.
Most college reading improvement courses include vocabulary building and word usage.
Most colleges accept both paper and electronic applications.
Most colleges accept either test.
Most colleges add students.
Most colleges admit some affiliated students.
Most colleges agree that the best predictor of success in college is performance in high school.
Most colleges allow students to spend a night on campus as part of the campus visit.
Most Colleges also cater for music students by providing music rooms.
Most colleges also have E-mail addresses as well as very informative web pages.
Most colleges also have libraries, television lounges, and common rooms.
Most colleges also have their own law societies.
Most colleges also report they use the Internet to exchange documents of all types.
Most colleges also serve as economic development and cultural centers for their communities.
Most colleges are equal.
Most colleges are in compliance with the proposed legislation.
Most colleges are leftist bastions.
Most colleges are open to the public for a few hours each afternoon, and some are open all day.
Most colleges are smaller than universities, which means students get a more intimate atmosphere.
Most colleges are unable to pay the full cost of travel to an overseas field area.
Most colleges are very flexible when it comes to adult students.
Most colleges ask for teacher recommendations.
Most colleges assist high school students.
Most colleges assist school students.
Most colleges assist students.
Most colleges authorize individual bookstores to sell required textbooks.
Most colleges award their own graduates.
Most colleges begin their registration period several weeks before the semester begins.
Most colleges can cite their endowment per student figure.
Most colleges can provide accommodation to visitors and conference delegates during the event.
Most colleges charge a fee for applying.
Most colleges choose from the applicant pool in part by scores.
Most colleges comprise schools.
Most colleges concentrate on undergraduate education.
Most colleges determine salaries based on their salary administration plans.
Most colleges determine their admissions decisions apart from financial aid decisions.
Most colleges do.
Most colleges doing wireless are in the east and have been given funding from companies.
Most colleges encourage informal visits.
Most colleges follow policy.
Most colleges follow schedules.
Most colleges give assistance.
Most colleges give expert assistance.
Most colleges give free e-mail accounts to their students.
Most colleges give preference to candidates with animal or veterinary related experience.
Most colleges give the parents an hour of questions and then say good-bye.
Most colleges go beyond academic counseling.
Most colleges grant credit or advanced placement to students who score well on the exams.
Most colleges have a career center as a valuable resource for students.
Most colleges have a chapel in which Anglican services are held during term time.
Most colleges have a chemistry pre-requisite of introductory chemistry.
Most colleges have a choir and orchestra.
Most colleges have a fire fighting class of some level.
Most colleges have a listing of student e-mail address, sorted by year.
Most colleges have a number of grants, scholarships, and other financial aid.
Most colleges have a pool of money that they use to award grants and scholarships form.
Most colleges have a pool of money that they use to award grants and scholarships.
Most colleges have a president that does such work.
Most colleges have a publishing house, but few are brazen enough to print money.
Most colleges have a small library with study places and a small collection of books.
Most colleges have a society for gay, lesbian and bisexual students.
Most colleges have a Web page to view what they offer.
Most colleges have additional requirements.
Most colleges have additional software requirements or recommendations.
Most colleges have an appeals mechanism.
Most colleges have an office of disability services.
Most colleges have at least one ghost on campus.
Most colleges have at least some remedial courses.
Most colleges have computer labs available for student use.
Most colleges have computer matching services to pair roommates.
Most colleges have computing facilities which are attached to the campus network.
Most colleges have counsel.
Most colleges have fiscal years that end in the summer.
Most colleges have formal or informal student organizations for graduate students.
Most colleges have general visitation days that welcome prospective students to visit the campus.
Most colleges have information.
Most colleges have internal and external noticeboards for the display of important messages.
Most colleges have jobs for s on campus to work part-time and help defray expenses.
Most colleges have labs.
Most colleges have lacrosse teams and now high schools are starting their own teams.
Most colleges have lists of students or ways to access student lists.
Most colleges have one jump coach who is responsible for all jumps.
Most colleges have one or the other.
Most colleges have online Web sites loaded with information.
Most colleges have options.
Most colleges have placement offices with job listings.
Most colleges have preview days or visiting programs set up.
Most colleges have priority dates for submitting the form.
Most Colleges have procedures relating to sexual harassment.
Most colleges have psychology departments where a entire list of recommended courses are outlined.
Most colleges have pupils.
Most colleges have requirements that specify courses necessary for admission.
Most colleges have some type of overnight accommodations.
Most colleges have something similar.
Most colleges have standard tour dates, but special arrangements are usually doable.
Most colleges have student services.
Most colleges have student-run organizations which house students free of charge.
Most colleges have students from many backgrounds.
Most colleges have their own grant and scholarship programs.
Most colleges have their own health care plans.
Most colleges have their own homepages on the Internet.
Most Colleges have their own servers and distribute their own information.
Most colleges have their own sports grounds and music and drama groups.
Most colleges have web sites that contain valuable information.
Most colleges hold services.
Most colleges issue first-time students with guidelines on accommodation.
Most colleges lack the resources to fully fund all their programs.
Most colleges look at other things besides grades.
Most colleges look at the high school curriculum of an applying student.
Most colleges look for players two, three, and even four years in advance.
Most colleges look unfavorably upon an applicant whose grades are falling.
Most colleges maintain an off-campus housing office which acts as a referral agency.
Most colleges make no decisions until all required documents are in the student's file.
Most colleges now accept that they are in a competitive market.
Most colleges now have courses in music business or careers in music.
Most colleges now offer degree programs over the web.
Most colleges offer a good education, but atmosphere is a key element in college life.
Most colleges offer a variety of sources of financial aid.
Most colleges offer a wide range of scholarships, studentships or grants for members of the college.
Most colleges offer basic health services to students.
Most colleges offer counsel.
Most colleges offer courses in creative writing.
Most colleges offer credit-bearing tutorials for residents.
Most colleges offer daily or weekly student-led tours.
Most colleges offer degrees.
Most colleges offer features.
Most colleges offer instructors training in telecourses.
Most colleges offer master degrees.
Most colleges offer material science.
Most colleges offer mathematics.
Most colleges offer science.
Most colleges offer services.
Most colleges offer some form of installment plan.
Most colleges offer support services to students with a variety of disabilities.
Most colleges offer technology.
Most colleges offer tours and interviews in the summer and fall.
Most colleges offer two semesters each year.
Most colleges offer writing labs to assist students in writing essays.
Most colleges only calculate their job placement rate six months after commencement.
Most colleges outlaw hazing, but secret rituals still exists.
Most colleges permit auditing in their courses.
Most colleges play the merit-scholarship game with stealth.
Most colleges post profiles and scores of freshman classes.
Most colleges prefer on-line applications.
Most colleges prefer to see honors and advanced classes.
Most colleges provide a chaplaincy service.
Most colleges provide a telephone in each room.
Most Colleges provide computer facilities for their students.
Most colleges provide guidance.
Most colleges provide scholarships and financial aid.
Most colleges provide their gift money to the students they want most.
Most colleges provide their students with accommodation for at least two years.
Most colleges recommend three laboratory science courses, such as biology, chemistry or physics.
Most colleges request a recommendation from the school.
Most colleges require a confidential counselor recommendation.
Most colleges require a minimum of two ongoing semesters of a foreign language.
Most colleges require a teacher's recommendation.
Most colleges require an essay in addition to their application.
Most colleges require at least a masters degree in computer science as well as industry experience.
Most colleges require at least two years of foreign language study.
Most colleges require courses in computers, physics, chemistry, biology, math, and statistics.
Most colleges require some sort of assessment of incoming students.
Most colleges require students majoring in business to take at least two semesters of business law.
Most colleges require students to take three, including the English writing test and a math test.
Most colleges require students.
Most colleges require that applicants have an interview with an admissions officer or alumnus.
Most colleges require that freshmen live on-campus.
Most colleges require the submission of federal income tax returns in addition to other forms.
Most colleges require three years of high school math for regular admission.
Most colleges require two years of foreign language studies.
Most colleges say a current evaluation is no more than three years old.
Most colleges say students.
Most colleges seem to have some sort of historic statue or other relic on campus.
Most colleges send their check with their order.
Most colleges specialize in a single field of study.
Most colleges subscribe to grolin so go to there website and do a search there.
Most colleges suggest two or three topics for the essay.
Most colleges support a fundraising or development office on campus.
Most colleges support both platforms well.
Most colleges teach a complete course in biochemistry in one semester.
Most colleges think highly of homeschoolers.
Most colleges weight the child's assets more heavily in determining financial aid.
Most colleges welcome new students with a staid convocation filled with speeches.
Most colleges welcome parents.
Most Colleges welcome teachers' visits during Open Days or by appointment at other times.
Most colleges wisely require students to take courses in other fields as well.
Some college courses a plus.
Some college even have two rounds of early decision or early action.
Some college is desirable.
Some college is desired.
Some college is highly desirable.
Some college is preferred.
Some college is required, but some jobs require a degree.
Some college shows.
Some college work toward an engineering degree.
Some colleges accept electronic applications that can be completed while using the program.
Some colleges accept exceptional students applying for entrance directly after their junior year.
Some colleges accept four years of high school language for the college language requirement.
Some colleges accept it only as an elective.
Some colleges accept monthly credit card payments.
Some colleges actually insist first-year students take the option of digs.
Some colleges actually keep permanent offices abroad to handle recruitment and alumni affairs.
Some colleges allow a baccalaureate degree with two majors.
Some colleges allow a family to pay in advance the four years of tuition at the first year rate.
Some colleges allow credit accumulation and transfer.
Some colleges allow students to complete their applications on a computer.
Some colleges already allow students to apply via the Web.
Some colleges already collect substantial amounts of student destination data.
Some colleges already require SRTEs to be administered while others are more lax.
Some colleges also choose applications for verification.
Some colleges also have their own counsellors.
Some colleges also have their own financial aid applications.
Some colleges also have very precious books and manuscripts.
Some colleges also offer a summer quarter.
Some colleges also offer courses via cable or videocassette delivery.
Some colleges also offer graduates group interim health coverage.
Some colleges also offer graduates interim coverage.
Some colleges also offer group sessions for victims of rape and sexual assault.
Some colleges also offer improv or comedy classes.
Some colleges also offer partial support for overseas students.
Some colleges also provide summer programs designed especially for high school students.
Some colleges also require a student to be admitted to that college prior to transferring majors.
Some colleges also require a supplemental form.
Some colleges also require or recommend certain courses.
Some colleges are down and some colleges are up.
Some colleges are educational institutions.
Some colleges are even stricter regarding grammar.
Some colleges are moderately selective, while others are highly selective.
Some colleges are more flexible with deadlines for non-degree status.
Some colleges are part of a university and are located on the university campus.
Some colleges are prepared to provide ancillary financial help to their students.
Some colleges are semester and others are trimesters.
Some colleges are very inventive on the substitution issue.
Some colleges are willing simply to give away the credit, and some students willing to take it.
Some colleges ask to see all of the drafts as well as the final product.
Some colleges assist disabled students with housing and transportation.
Some colleges begin construction.
Some colleges brag of small teacher to student ratios in classrooms.
Some colleges call it political science.
Some colleges can help by maintaining a dossier, or official letter file.
Some colleges cater to women students exclusively or primarily.
Some colleges charge a small fee for individual meetings or interest inventories.
Some colleges charge for student parking.
Some colleges coordinate the honors program with a visiting lecture series.
Some colleges develop their own televised or videotaped instruction.
Some colleges do have a time-limit policy on accepting credits from other institutions.
Some colleges do have certain rape prevention programs.
Some colleges do offer merit based aid.
Some colleges do offer scholarships to transfer students.
Some colleges even consider sign language a foreign language.
Some colleges even make the submission of test scores optional.
Some colleges even offer college credit for such employment.
Some colleges even offer online courses, which are generally cheaper than regular classroom courses.
Some colleges even offer overnight stays for students who have been accepted.
Some colleges even offer post-graduate masters degrees in hospitality management.
Some colleges even offer scholarships to students with excellent PSAT scores.
Some colleges even require interviews.
Some colleges exist only online.
Some colleges face blood pressure.
Some colleges face pressure.
Some colleges find possibility.
Some colleges find that simply raising awareness goes a long way.
Some colleges give credit for life experience.
Some colleges give priority to graduate students in making award selections.
Some colleges give support for conference and school attendance by graduate students.
Some colleges grant credit for nature-based classes and apprenticeships.
Some colleges grant credit for prior learning or work experience.
Some colleges have a few.
Some colleges have a formal honor code.
Some colleges have a full week of reading days before exams start.
Some colleges have a preoccupation with males wearing any type of headgear within buildings.
Some colleges have a program to admit students at the end of the junior year of high school.
Some colleges have a specific rule about what can be reviewed at a lower level.
Some Colleges have a textbook rental policy which prohibits frequent change of texts.
Some colleges have a 'welfare' section of their library with books that can be borrowed anonymously.
Some colleges have accommodations for students to stay in the dormitories with other students.
Some colleges have additional fees.
Some colleges have additional requirements specific to the degree programs they offer.
Some colleges have additional requirements.
Some colleges have additional software requirements or recommendations.
Some colleges have an admission charge.
Some colleges have an orientation for their new students.
Some colleges have awareness.
Some colleges have child-care programs for returning students.
Some colleges have close working relationships with private college prep schools.
Some colleges have computer sites that maintain information about various departments and programs.
Some colleges have computers in residence hall study rooms.
Some colleges have CPUs and projectors on carts.
Some colleges have different housing options available to upperclassmen.
Some colleges have direct lending programs.
Some colleges have dorm rooms available for students for no or little cost.
Some colleges have early deadlines for selective college majors.
Some colleges have early decision versions one and two.
Some colleges have formal, structured emphases for majors.
Some colleges have funds to enable their fellows and research students to attend conferences.
Some colleges have housing for married students or for students with disabilities, children, etc.
Some colleges have levels of foundational sciences.
Some colleges have limited enrollment for transfer students in the fall and spring semesters.
Some colleges have many departments, while others have only a few.
Some colleges have meal plans and their cost depends on the school.
Some colleges have men and women teams, although most only have teams for men.
Some colleges have more administration staff than academic staff.
Some Colleges have more experience with it than others.
Some colleges have more flexibility some find the compensation issues more pressing than others.
Some colleges have more students enrolled on weekends than during the week.
Some colleges have more than a hundred names on the wait list, some have five or fewer.
Some colleges have multiple deadlines, with decisions given at specified dates.
Some colleges have night classes for people who work during the day.
Some colleges have one price for all dorm rooms, some vary.
Some colleges have orientation, and some departments provide some training.
Some colleges have players.
Some colleges have printable applications for admission, housing, financial aid, etc.
Some colleges have private funds that can be used.
Some colleges have residence halls for single parents and their children.
Some colleges have scholarships specifically for first-generation college students.
Some colleges have special boarding facilities.
Some colleges have special programs for adult students.
Some colleges have specific requirements more restrictive than the general campus recommendation.
Some colleges have substance-free dorms.
Some colleges have summer programs for Juniors who are interested in certain subject areas.
Some colleges have theatre departments.
Some colleges have their own financial aid applications.
Some colleges have vacancies mid-year.
Some colleges have virtual tours available.
Some colleges have workshops to help prepare TAs for teaching.
Some colleges hire temporary faculty mainly to teach classes.
Some colleges hold orientation programs for students and parents.
Some colleges let students enroll conditionally, allowing the student to take the test later.
Some colleges let their students repeat any course, regardless of the grade received.
Some colleges limit the number of freshmen who can apply for internships.
Some colleges look at class rank as well for scholarships.
Some colleges lump housing and food costs together, commonly called room and board.
Some colleges maintain better advising records than others.
Some Colleges make conditional offers in terms of 'A' level grades alone.
Some colleges make it possible to do just that.
Some colleges make the essay optional.
Some colleges now offer second degree courses.
Some colleges now use the film as required viewing for first-year students.
Some colleges occasionally offer students opportunities for staged readings.
Some colleges occasionally publish alumni rosters.
Some colleges offer a bachelor's degree in child life.
Some colleges offer a bachelor's degree with double majors.
Some colleges offer a four-year engineering technology degree.
Some colleges offer a personal interview that gives applying students an edge.
Some colleges offer additional telecourses via their local cable access system.
Some colleges offer an installment plan for paying expenses.
Some colleges offer aquatic exercise classes, as well.
Some colleges offer bachelor's degrees.
Some colleges offer bargain tuition rates to older students.
Some colleges offer community members use of their faciliti es for a nominal fee.
Some colleges offer compromises.
Some colleges offer continuing education courses in meeting and event planning.
Some colleges offer courses as part of an integrated modular scheme.
Some colleges offer courses relating to appraisal that lead to a bachelor of science in real estate.
Some colleges offer credit toward an associates degree for completion of an apprenticeship program.
Some colleges offer early admission plans.
Some colleges offer evening courses for first-time homebuyers.
Some colleges offer full-time ILEX courses.
Some colleges offer institutional aid.
Some colleges offer interim coverage.
Some colleges offer medical insurance coverage to full-time students at a reduced rate.
Some colleges offer merit scholarships to a specific percentage of their top applicants.
Some colleges offer minimal health services.
Some colleges offer modules.
Some colleges offer programs oriented towards a career in zoos.
Some colleges offer prospective applicants an early estimate of their financial aid award.
Some colleges offer short courses, too.
Some colleges offer special summer programs for multicultural high school students.
Some colleges offer summer programs.
Some colleges offer their own online applications.
Some colleges offer tutoring for local high school students.
Some colleges offer two-year associate degree programs.
Some colleges offer undergraduates accommodation for the entire length of their degree.
Some colleges offer unlimited amounts of food under one meal plan.
Some colleges prefer no degree because secular involvement can undermine spiritual strength.
Some colleges prefer to admit students who have completed certain pre-college course work.
Some colleges provide a tentative class rank.
Some colleges provide accommodation for all three years, others require periods of 'living out'.
Some colleges provide computer facilities for their students.
Some colleges provide footnotes to explain unusually large sums.
Some colleges provide free email for their alumni.
Some colleges provide little more than classes to take.
Some colleges provide meal plans.
Some colleges provide their prospectus in tape, braille and disk format.
Some colleges publish booklets or Web pages that outline all the scholarships they offer.
Some colleges publish student reviews of instructor performance.
Some colleges refuse to admit young gifted children based on their chronological age.
Some colleges report fewer on-campus interviews.
Some colleges require additional applications for financial aid.
Some colleges require all students that live in dorms purchase a campus meal plan.
Some colleges require computer literacy as a prerequisite for admission.
Some colleges require considerably more courses than others.
Some colleges require earlier routing.
Some colleges require freshman to attend all their classes.
Some colleges require international students to complete a preliminary application.
Some colleges require interviews and it can be an intimating experience for teens.
Some colleges require laptops in their upper division and graduate programs.
Some colleges require letter of recommendation from teacher or other adults in the community.
Some colleges require more than one essay.
Some colleges require more than two years of foreign language for entrance.
Some colleges require one or more of the subject tests for admission or placement.
Some colleges require one or the other and some accept either.
Some colleges require or recommend one or more tests for admission or placement purposes.
Some colleges require placement tests.
Some colleges require recommendation forms.
Some colleges require scores on specific achievement tests.
Some colleges require selection of a minor or interdisciplinary concentration.
Some colleges require separate forms besides the standard government form.
Some colleges require signatures on the application.
Some colleges require specific courses.
Some colleges require sports.
Some colleges require students to apply in order to use the campus facilities.
Some colleges require that all the application materials be sent in the same envelope.
Some colleges require the Profile for nonfederal student aid funds.
Some colleges require their own forms.
Some colleges require their students to consult with an academic advisor before they can register.
Some colleges require two years of the same foreign language for admission.
Some colleges restrict the number of times a student can withdraw.
Some colleges run courses for people returning to study after a break.
Some colleges say it all with just their name .
Some colleges say lessons have been disrupted at times by computer problems.
Some colleges say nothing on the subject of alcohol and other drug use.
Some colleges say they benefit by hiring businesses to run their computer systems.
Some colleges schedule open periods during the week to accommodate meetings.
Some colleges specialize in one field, such as law.
Some colleges spend much time, even one year, on screening applicants with scrupulous care.
Some colleges store the description of the equipment in Comment.
Some colleges take a cut for every dollar charged.
Some colleges take registrations by mail or over the phone.
Some colleges take the traditional approach and assign students to individual faculty advisors.
Some colleges tinker with nicknames to avoid being silly or tasteless.
Some colleges use a different fee structure for off-campus programs.
Some colleges use campus health services as the training ground for their nursing students.
Some colleges use the Internet as their only classrooms.
Some colleges use the scores to award credit for undergraduate college courses.
Some colleges use the writing sample as a pretest before a student takes freshman English classes.
Some colleges utilize marketing models and customer analysis.
Some colleges view staff development for part-timers as an adult education process.
Some colleges students drink because of peer pressure.
Collegial collaboration makes a tremendous difference in the success of a school.
Collegial debate is encouraged.
Collegial dialogues resound in all corners of the building.
Collegial discourse is possible even for contentious topics.
Collegial groups pick the location and the time of day for their meetings.
Collegial participation is important.
Collegial processes encourage and support innovation and experimentation.
Collegial solutions are the best outcome when a conflict occurs.
Collegial teamwork is essential for attending to the total human dimensions of cancer care.
Collegian columnist is taken, by the way.
Collegian readership exceeds that of commercial newspapers.
A collegian is a student
Collegian takes dare and swallows bottle of caffeine pills.
Collegians are students.
Collegians compete in various intramural athletic contests.
Collegians shout at each other as a matter of fashion.
Collegians stiff bartenders and waitresses at other establishments as well.
All collegians belong to an interest group.
Many collegians bask in sunny, palm-fringed locales during winter breaks.
Collegiate archers compete at college meets and in the college division of open tournaments.
Collegiate athletes do get special treatment.
Collegiate Baskets are handmade in the United States by experienced craftsmen.
Collegiate chapters derive their names from the Greek alphabet, prefixed by the letter Kappa .
Collegiate clubs are for members who are attending a college or university.
Collegiate coaches love the idea of mass-mailings.
Collegiate competition is included.
Collegiate competition marks the pinnacle of a gymnast s career.
Collegiate courses are normally transferable to other colleges that teach a similar course.
Collegiate cycling is considered a spring board to semi-pro and pro bike teams.
Collegiate cycling serves as one of the important bridges between junior and elite competition.
Some collegiate environments are powerful enough to influence almost everyone.
Collegiate football is nothing unusual in Almond's family.
Collegiate golf is the best opportunity today to earn a college education.
Many collegiate golfers have aspirations to play at the professional level.
Collegiate memberships are also a means of establishing contact with leaders in the profession.
Collegiate ministries is one of the concentrations available.
Collegiate plates are a little more expensive.
Collegiate players check here for on-campus housing.
Collegiate players earn points based on their performance in the main draw.
Collegiate players participate as assistant coaches and serve as resident hall counselors.
Collegiate policies determine required documentation, if any, to record approval for travel.
Collegiate schools operate under guidelines established by Florida statute.
Collegiate sports are no longer amateur events.
Collegiate sports manage to consume a lot of spectator time, particularly during the winter months.
Most collegiate teams play in athletic conferences.
Collegiate tennis is an outdoor sport.
Collegiate universities are also common in Canada and Australia.
Collegiate wrestling uses a different style of wrestling than the Olympics.
A collembolan is an insect
Collembolans are ametabolous, i.e. with no metamorphosis.
Collembolans are insects.
Collembolans are tiny insects that usually live in moist situations such as leaf litter.
Collembolans are wingless.
Collenchyma cells are elongated cells with unevenly-thickened walls .
Collenchyma cells are long narrow cells with thick, strong, yet extensible, cell walls.
Collenchyma cells are still alive at functional maturity - thus they can grow as the plant grows.
Collenchyma cells are useful in support in young parts of the plant that are growing quickly.
Collenchyma cells have thick primary walls composed of cellulose .
Collenchyma cells provide support to growing plant parts.
Collenchyma cells retain their living contents at maturity.
Collenchyma cells support the plant.
Collenchyma tissue provides structural support for young growing organs.
Collenchymatous tissue acts as a supporting tissue in stems of young plants.
Colleoid cephalopods have complex organs which they use to change colour rapidly.
A collet is a chuck
Collets are heat treated and spring tempered to ensure accuracy and longer life at a low cost.
Colletotrichum species cause anthracnose on a wide range of plants.
A collider is a scientific instrument
Colliders are more demanding to build, but the effort pays off handsomely.
Colliders spur hunt for antimatter answers.
Every collie puppy starts out just like Lassie.
A collie is a sheep dog
Collies are a herding breed.
Collies are dogs.
Collies are dogs.
Collies are fantastic life time companions.
Collies are great athletes, and are great companions for the active, athletic owner.
Collies are great with children and very intelligent.
Collies are habitual herders.
Collies are nibblers, particularly when in play or when exhibiting their herding traits.
Collies are no more inbred than any other breed.
Collies are recommended as herding dogs.
Collies are relatively calm, yet responsive and alert.
Collies are sensitive to heat.
Collies are similar.
Collies are such an easy breed to collect, as there is so much available.
Collies are the greatest.
Collies are VERY intelligent dogs that are easily trained.
Collies are very sensitive around their necks.
Collies are very social and love to be with their owners.
Collies are very sweet, even tempered animals, and love to be with people.
Collies are very swet an loyal with their family.
Collies are very versatile and are willing to lend themselves to all kinds of activities.
Collies are well balanced with the nerves under control.
Collies are wonderful creatures - and lovable.
Collies can nip at heels due to their herding instinct.
Collies crave constant human companionship.
Collies drive sheep from behind and cut sheep from the flock.
Collies eat more than basset hounds.
Collies have an unenviable situation.
Collies have good eyesight.
Collies have several different skin problems that can pop up at any time.
Collies instinctively love children, are protective and gentle by nature.
Collies like to be part of the team and crave companionship of humans.
Collies love being around people, especially children.
Collies love to be with people and can become easily bored by themselves in the backyard.
Collies love to be with people.
Collies shed a lot, take extra care during shedding to remove mats and tangles.
Collies tend to be quiet members of the family indoors but active outside.
Collies thrive on variety and new challenges.
All collies are dogs.
Collier County bears no responsibility for the accuracy of the accessed documentation.
Collier County can boast of more golf courses per capita than anyplace else in the country.
Collier County can only accept payments on citations issued in Collier County.
Collier County does have a wellfield protection ordinance which covers the Coastal Ridge Aquifer.
Collier County experiences the same problem.
Collier County has extensive debris in canals and with downed trees.
Collier County has one of the highest growth rates in the nation.
Collier County has one of the highest rates for births to teens in Florida.
Collier County is a case in point.
Collier County is an opportunity without comparison.
Collier County is located on the Southwest side of Florida.
Collier County is the southern-most county within the troop.
Collier County needs to be more Responsible.
Collier County offers residents a safe means of disposing their household generated hazardous waste.
A collier is a miner
Colliers expects downtown to improve.
Colliers is considered the number one network in the country.
Colliers is known all over the Bay area, the Country and the world.
Some colliers have conveyor belts for discharging in which case they are said to be self-unloaders.
Collieries therefore keep track of the pressure.
Colligative properties are the physical changes that result from adding solute to a solvent.
Colligative properties depend on the number of solute particles.
Collimated light is light brought into line as in a laser beam.
Collimation is a lesson in humility.
Collimation is adjustment
Collimation is adjustment.
Collimation is another important consideration.
Collimation is critical and delicate.
Collimation is critical for achieving optimum results.
Collimation is done with three bolts at the back of the cell.
Collimation is great.
Collimation is important for any telescope, but much more so for SCTs.
Collimation is important for good imaging, and critical for planetary observations.
Collimation is the alignment of the images from the two objective lenses.
Collimation is the precise alignment of all optical components in a telescope.
Collimation is under way.
Collimation needs to be very good.
Collimation remains quite good after assembly.
Collimation seems spot on.
Collimation simply means that the light rays exit the instrument parallel to one another.
Collimation stays in place even when the system is bumped around and the price is surprising low.
Collimation therefore requires an incomparably more difficult procedure.
Collimation often is a drastic way of improving performance of a telescope.
A collimator is an optical device
All collimators are hex-hole cast lead.
All collimators come factory aligned.
Collinear points are points that belong to the same line.
Collision avoidance improves reliability.
Collision avoidance is accomplished statistically.
Collision avoidance is always probabilistic.
Collision avoidance is provided by a front bumper.
Collision avoidance is the process of controlling spacecraft to try to prevent collisions.
Collision avoidance requires the ability to predict accurately the debris trajectory.
Collision detection determines if two objects collide with each other.
Collision detection gets harder.
Collision detection is a bit inaccurate.
Collision detection is a huge issue and an active area of research in graphics simulation.
Collision detection is a simple process once the tree is built.
Collision detection is actually on the body rather than a cylinder around the player.
Collision detection is also an option.
Collision detection is also much better.
Collision detection is applied when two or more devices transmit at the same time.
Collision detection is bad.
Collision detection is efficient.
Collision detection is now in place.
Collision detection is specified on a per-object basis.
Collision detection is very good, both in contact with other cars and the wall.
Collision detection provides a very intuitive way to have the experience of a scene.
Collision experiments use beams.
Collision response is defined by the client by means of call-back functions.
A collision is an occurrence
Collision come with a high social cost.
Collision generates energy, get emission from gas blobs.
Collision is a common cause of injury.
Collision is another category of accident.
Collision is close now.
Collision is defined as colliding with another object, including overturn.
Collision is evident when they change color.
Collision is inevitable.
Collision is still under investigation.
Collision is the dominant form of ion-neutral interaction.
Collision is the most expensive part of auto insurance.
Collision is unavoidable if a ship of similar length comes from the opposite direction.
Collision is very unlikely.
Collision is what happens when two keys hash to the same memory slot.
Collision isa happening.
Collision isa occurrence.
Collision provides coverage for losses arising from a collision with another vehicle or object.
Collision seems inevitable.
Collisions abound in every possible direction-some head on, some glancing.
Collisions are a let down.
Collisions are a very common process in our solar system.
Collisions are a very real threat in Terminus .
Collisions are accidents.
Collisions are common.
Collisions are contact.
Collisions are disputes.
Collisions are elastic, there is no overall net gain or loss of energy.
Collisions are exceedingly rare today because virtually all of the stuff has been used up.
Collisions are frequent.
Collisions are good.
Collisions are governed by Newton's laws.
Collisions are inevitable, usually at the worst possible moments.
Collisions are made from two smaller sections called elastic and inelastic collisions .
Collisions are made from two smaller sections called elastic and inelastic collisions.
Collisions are more common.
Collisions are more likely when visibility is poor.
Collisions are much more interesting, resulting in both rotational and transitional effects.
Collisions are negligible in that respect.
Collisions are never a bad thing, because the competitor is now first in line for the next race.
Collisions are normal occurrences, but too many can slow the network.
Collisions are possible, but good pilots can share a hex without crashing into each other.
Collisions are rare.
Collisions are responsible for attenuation in the ionosphere.
Collisions are surprisingly few.
Collisions are the most common type of personal watercraft accident.
Collisions are the number one direct cause of death for right whales.
Collisions are the result.
Collisions are unchanged but avoided if possible by forbidding some nick changes during splits.
Collisions arise from having multiple interfaces send a packet at the same time.
Collisions become a thing of the past.
Collisions can also be a sign that some line is failing somewhere in the network.
Collisions can also give rise to spiral structure.
Collisions can also strip the gas out of galaxies.
Collisions can change f in two ways.
Collisions can change individual molecular speeds bu the distribution of speeds remains the same.
Collisions can change individual molecular speeds but the distribution of speeds remains the same.
Collisions can do several things.
Collisions can electrify satellites, scramble computer software and trigger false signals.
Collisions can happen.
Collisions can occur when machinery starting a left turn is hit by a car passing from behind.
Collisions can range in severity from fatalities to only property damage.
Collisions cause damage.
Collisions cause disorder.
Collisions cause fragments of both bodies to depart from near the point of impact.
Collisions cause property damage.
Collisions cause separation.
Collisions cause significant damage.
Collisions cause significant property damage.
Collisions change individual molecular speeds but the distribution of speeds remains the same.
Collisions come fast and thick, about one per second.
Collisions could have devastate results.
Collisions could have results.
Collisions create a burst of energy in which a particle takes form.
Collisions create charge.
Collisions create electric charge.
Collisions delay retransmission for a random length of time.
Collisions do take place sometimes.
Collisions eject great burst of stars and gas.
Collisions exist in each segment.
Collisions generate energy.
Collisions generate heat.
Collisions have occurred in the past, so please be aware of the pattern before launching.
Collisions involve forces.
Collisions involving drunken drivers are the nation's single greatest killer of young people.
Collisions look the same forwards or backwards.
Collisions now factor the weight and height of players, making for more realistic hits.
Collisions occur at the gate, rather than at the tracks.
Collisions occur between the spheres, and between the spheres and the room walls.
Collisions occur if two nodes listen, hear nothing, and transmit simultaneously.
Collisions occur on city streets.
Collisions occur on streets.
Collisions occur when machinery starting a left turn is hit by a car passing from behind.
Collisions occur when two objects, or people, bump into each other.
Collisions occur with other PWCs, boats, or fixed objects like a dock or tree stump.
Collisions occur, lines cross, and hopefully everything gets straightened out with little damage.
Collisions play an important role in cue sports .
Collisions play an important role in influencing the evolution of asteroids.
Collisions produce dust.
Collisions quickly multiply their number.
Collisions require further processing and are far less efficient.
Collisions result in a compression force, pushing two plates together.
Collisions result in nuclear reaction.
Collisions result in reaction.
Collisions result in the loss of packet integrity.
Collisions stimulate a burst of star formation .
Collisions tend to be random events.
Collisions transfer energy.
Collisions transfer kinetic energy.
Collisions translate to pressure, and so gravitational contraction can be halted.
Collisions Work all night.
Collision often brings light.
Collisions usually begins shortly after midnight.
All collisions are elastic.
All collisions are perfectly elastic.
All collisions conserve momentum .
All collisions have the same momentum before and after a collision .
All collisions have the same momentum before and after a collision.
Every collision has that dull sound attached which can only be experienced while underwater.
Every collision is an opportunity for the network to train.
Many collisions cause the electrons to wander and eventually to stop.
Many collisions occur because the driver's vision is limited to the range of the headlights.
Many collisions occur when cars are overtaking and passing one another.
More collisions mean more resistance.
More collisions means higher temps while less collisions means lower temps.
More collisions means more energy.
Most collisions cause damage.
Most collisions cause disorder.
Most collisions cause property damage.
Most collisions cause separation.
Most collisions cause significant damage.
Most collisions cause significant property damage.
Most collisions create charge.
Most collisions create electric charge.
Most collisions encountered in everyday life are inelastic.
Most collisions generate energy.
Most collisions generate heat.
Most collisions happen close to home.
Most collisions involve forces.
Most collisions occur because of human error rather than mechanical failure of the car.
Most collisions occur in foggy, misty or generally poor visibility conditions, or at dusk.
Most collisions occur in the fall when breeding season causes deer to be more active.
Most collisions occur on city streets.
Most collisions occur on streets.
Most collisions occur when people see the problem too late and have little time to react.
Most collisions probably involve members of bound galaxy groups.
Most collisions produce dust.
Most collisions result in nuclear reaction.
Most collisions result in reaction.
Some collision based newworks works randomly.
Some collisions alter atomic structures.
Some collisions are normal.
Some collisions cause death.
Some collisions cause distortions in the drops' shapes as they bounce off one another.
Some collisions cause gas pressure.
Some collisions cause mortality.
Some collisions cause pressure.
Some collisions cause relate death.
Some collisions cause resistance.
Some collisions have effects.
Some collisions have energy.
Some collisions have sufficient energy.
Some collisions kill manatees.
Some collisions produce black holes.
Some collisions produce clouds.
Some collisions produce dust clouds.
Some collisions produce holes.
Some collisions produce massive clouds.
Some collisions produce massive dust clouds.
Some collisions result in death.
Some collisions result in energy.
Some collisions take places.
Collisional coagulation is responsible for growth even after instability occurs.
Collisional mountain ranges.
Collocation has nothing to do with it.
Collocation is a part
Collocation is encouraged.
Collocation is used as an organizing principle.
Collocation only sets the stage for efficient and effective management and coordination.
Collocation refers to arranging materials on a similar topic together.
Collocation remains an important part of the Web hosting market.
Collocations are characteristic, co-occurence patterns of words.
Collocations are compositional with hierarchical relations among the lexical units.
Collocations describe words that tend to be used together in a language.
Collodial silver is anti-biotic.
A collodion is a solution
Collodion is a form of cellulose nitrate dissolved in ether and alcohol.
Collodion is a form of nitrocellulose chssolved in ether and alcohol.
Collodion is a form of nitrocellulose dissolved in ether and alcohol.
Collodion is a liquid used to suspend the image-forming silver on the glass or metal plate.
Collodion is a solution of pyroxylin in ether and ethanol.
Collodion is a viscous solution of cellulose nitrate in ether and alcohol.
Collodions are solutions.
A colloid is mixture
Colloid isa mixture.
Colloids also figure in the transport of inorganic and organic pollutants in streams and rivers.
Colloids are a classic example of chemically controlled nanostructures.
Colloids are also an important feature of the natural environment.
Colloids are complex fluids that contain small particles of a solid or liquid.
Colloids are extremely small substances suspended in a liquid, solid or gaseous medium.
Colloids are fascinating.
Colloids are fine sub-micron sized particles usually kept in suspension by Brownian motion.
Colloids are mixture.
Colloids are nontoxic.
Colloids are of interest to the environmental chemist for several reasons.
Colloids are particles so small that they often appear to be dissolved in the water.
Colloids are safe and truly effective.
Colloids are solids, liquids or gases that hold a substance in suspension.
Colloids are submicron sized particles that pass through filters.
Colloids are suspensions of finely divided solids or liquids floating in a gaseous or liquid medium.
Colloids are suspensions of finely divided solids or liquids in gaseous or liquid fields.
Colloids are suspensions of tiny particles of one substance dispersed in an other phase.
Colloids are suspensions.
Colloids are systems of fine particles suspended in fluid.
Colloids are the minutest particles of albumen.
Colloids are the third category of minerals.
Colloids are very small in size and therefore are easily absorbed by the cells of the body.
Colloids are very small in size and therefore easily absorbed by the cells of the body.
Colloids are very small in size, and therefore easily absorbed by the cells of the body.
Colloids are very small particles that suspend in liquids such as water.
Colloids can only act as seed crystals if they have a high electric potential.
Colloids have applications in such areas as pigments, magnetic recording media and ceramics.
Colloids play an important part in organic functions, such as digestion and excretion.
Colloids play an important role in determining soil base status and fertility.
Colloids readily pass back and forth from the sol to the gel states.
Some colloids have unusual properties that are useful for treating specific cases.
Colloidal accumulations vary greatly in size and frequency.
Colloidal chemistry is now the science that can reproduce the same process.
Colloidal gold is used in research applications in medicine, biology and materials science .
Colloidal minerals are bio-electrical minerals that come from food digested by prehistoric plants.
Colloidal minerals are different in many respects from the previously discussed minerals.
Colloidal minerals are minerals in an ionized form.
Colloidal minerals are molecules of minerals floating in a liquid.
Colloidal minerals are simply smaller rocks suspended in water.
Colloidal minerals are twice as absorbable as chelated minerals.
Colloidal minerals have special properties since they have very big surface areas.
Some colloidal minerals have a long history as medicinals.
Some colloidal minerals have long histories as medicinals.
Colloidal mixtures are systems of fine particles suspended in fluid.
Colloidal particles are larger than molecules.
Colloidal particles are too small to be seen by the naked eye.
Colloidal particles are too small to be seen with ordinary optical microscopes.
Colloidal particles have an electric charge on their surface.
Colloidal silica has unique characteristics that can be sold to a wide variety of customers.
Colloidal silica is used commercially as binders and stiffeners and as polishing agents.
Colloidal silver appears to be a powerful, natural antibiotic and preventative against infections.
Colloidal silver has powerful antiseptic qualities when taken orally or applied topically.
Colloidal silver is a suspension of pure silver in water.
Colloidal silver is also an agent that aids in the regrowth of injured tissues.
Colloidal silver is an alternative medicine consisting of silver particles suspended in water.
Colloidal silver is both a remedy and a preventive of infections of all kinds.
Colloidal silver is considered harmless in any concentration for internal and external use.
Colloidal silver is considered the greatest all natural antibiotic .
Colloidal silver is considered to be extremely nontoxic and safe for human consumption.
Colloidal silver is found as a solution in bottles.
Colloidal silver is nature's antibiotic.
Colloidal silver is one of nature's antibiotics.
Colloidal silver is one of the safest and most beneficial health products available.
Colloidal silver is presently available in health food stores.
Colloidal silver is proven particularly effective in cases of intestinal troubles.
Colloidal silver is reported to be non-toxic to the body.
Colloidal silver is said to act as a catalyst.
Colloidal silver is silver.
Colloidal silver is tasteless, odorless and completely safe.
Colloidal silver is the natural cure of the nineties and the next century.
Colloidal silver is truly a safe, natural remedy for many of mankind's ills.
Colloidal silver is useful here.
Colloidal silver is yellow, and alloys of gold and silver create shades of purple-red and pink.
Colloidal silver paste Colloidal silver paste, viscous, preferable for small samples.
Colloidal silver takes away pain from cuts and burns.
Colloidal silver used in any topical salves is illegal now.
Colloidal spheres arrange themselves into spectacular ordered structures.
Colloidal suspensions are the subject of interface and colloid science .
Colloidal systems are suspensions of solid matter in liquids.
Colloidal systems have many industrial uses as well.
Colloidal vitamins are to be taken orally.
Many colloquial expressions are unique to a particular language.
Colloquial language communicates much better to lay people than does classical language.
Colloquial language dates fast and the best kind is intensely local anyway.
Colloquial language is covered in real-life conversations that take place in work and home settings.
Colloquial names are turtle dove, wild pigeon and wild dove.
A colloquialism is expression
Colloquialisms also arise with new technology.
Colloquialisms are formulations.
Colloquialisms are local ways of expressing things.
Colloquialisms are often short-lived, fad sayings.
Colloquium descriptions are also available on the curriculum site.
Colloquium meetings are open to all interested faculty and students.
A colloquium is a conference
Colloquia allow department members a chance to share and exchange ideas important to collegiality.
Colloquia are also available.
Colloquia are one-two day comprehensive overviews of a particular area of research.
Colloquia are open to the public without charge.
Colloquia are optional and repeatable.
Colloquia are primarily lectures given by scientists describing their current research.
Colloquia are talks given by invited speakers or by members of the department.
Colloquia are without covers.
Colloquia follow a standard form.
Colloquia generally offer field trips and a series of expert guest speakers.
Colloquia involve careful reading and discussion of a single recent philosophical work.
Colloquia involve formal presentations by invited speakers.
Colloquia provide a more focused, comprehensive look at course content.
Colloquiums are addresses.
Colloquiums are conferences.
Colloquia often undergo several iterations, to ensure that they are clear and accessible.
Colloquia usually meet once a week in a seminar format with the emphasis upon class discussion.
All colloquia are open to any student meeting the prerequisite of twelve semester hours in history.
A collotype is a writing
Collotype is a photographic process in which a film of gelatin provides the printing surface.
Collotype is the most accurate and beautiful method of photomechanical reproduction yet invented.
Collusion can occur, invalidating the control procedures in place.
Collusion entails two or more owners conspiring against the spirit of the league.
Collusion is a serious problem in many procurement auctions.
Collusion is a way of life.
Collusion is agreement.
Collusion is an agreement for illegal, deceitful or fraudulent purposes.
Collusion is an arrangement
Collusion is an overriding concern, as is democratic functioning.
Collusion is costly to society also when correlation of private information is near perfect.
Collusion is illegal.
Collusion is more likely in collectivist cultures such as Indonesia and Malaysia.
Collusion is possible in both live and online poker.
Collusion is probably the most common problem in early stages of disease diagnosis.
Collusion is still possible by unscrupulous employees.
Collusion is the antithesis of competitive economic activity.
Collusion is the other inherent flaw of auctions.
Collusion is the submission of another person's work.
Collusion is usually far more devastating to victims than the primary abuse.
Collusion is widespread in Thailand, as local bank officials readily concede.
Collusion means inappropriate collaboration on assignments intended for independent competition.
Collusion occurs when a person embezzles money from a company and tries to hide the evidence.
Collusion occurs when firms get together to set prices and divide up a market.
Colluvial deposits occur when the displacement occurs through non-water related transport.
Colluvial sediments enter the shelter from the surrounding hillside.
Colma voters approve gambling house over objections of cemetery operators.
Colmans mustard is even spicier and is used for pickling and in sauces.
Colmated corks are a very good functional economic stopper.
Colnodo users can unsubscribe at any point they wish.
Colo facility specs Hello.
Colobus guerezas possess stomachs.
Colobus monkeys develop compartment stomachs.
Colobus monkeys develop stomachs.
Colobus monkeys eat flower fruit.
Colobus monkeys eat fruit.
Colobus monkeys have babies.
Colobus monkeys have bellies.
Colobus monkeys have fingers.
Colobus monkeys have long fingers.
Colobus monkeys have molars.
Colobus monkeys have stomachs.
Colobus monkeys live in trees.
Colobus monkeys possess stomachs.
Colobus monkeys sit in tops.
Most colobus monkeys develop compartment stomachs.
Most colobus monkeys develop stomachs.
Most colobus monkeys eat flower fruit.
Most colobus monkeys eat fruit.
Most colobus monkeys have babies.
Most colobus monkeys have bellies.
Most colobus monkeys have fingers.
Most colobus monkeys have long fingers.
Most colobus monkeys have molars.
Most colobus monkeys live in trees.
Most colobus monkeys sit in tops.
Some colobus monkeys eat leaves.
Some colobus monkeys have ranges.
A colobus is a monkey
Colobus isa monkey.
Colobuses are herbivorous, eating leaves, fruit, flowers, and twigs.
Colobuses eat leaves.
Colobuses have (part) brains.
Colobuses have (part) breasts.
Colobuses have (part) cell membranes.
Colobuses have (part) cells.
Colobuses have (part) chest cavities.
Colobuses have (part) chests.
Colobuses have (part) corpi.
Colobuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Colobuses have (part) ears.
Colobuses have (part) faces.
Colobuses have (part) heads.
Colobuses have (part) nuclei.
Colobuses have (part) pedal extremities.
Colobuses have (part) piluses.
Colobuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Colobuses have (part) rib cages.
Colobuses have (part) sections.
Colobuses have (part) skulls.
Colobuses have (part) sterna.
Colobuses have (part) vacuoles.
Colobuses have (part) vertebrate feet.
Colobuses have heads.
Colobuses use tails.
All colobus are easy targets for hunters because they are noisy and slow.
All colobus are native to Africa.
Most colobuses eat leaves.
Most colobuses have heads.
Most colobuses use tails.
Some colobuses demonstrate ability.
Some colobuses have molars.
Some colobuses live in patches.
Some colobuses live in small patches.
Some colobuses use bacterial fermentation.
Some colobuses use fermentation.
Some colobuses vary in coloration.
Colocutaneous fistulas are unusual and generally occur after surgery for diverticulitis.
Cologne sprays are also available in several different scents.
Colombia isa thing.
Colombian amber is a site from Stones and Bones .
Colombian authorities have little presence in the area.
Colombian authorities say they have had no deadly errors.
Colombian businessmen are entrepreneurial and competitive.
Colombian cartels accumulate vast sums of cash from cocaine sales in major U.S. cities.
Colombian cartels are the largest single heroin supplier to the North American market.
Colombian children throw egg shells filled with colored or perfumed water.
Colombian citizens blame the poor use of the American funds on the past Presidents.
Colombian coffee has a rich aroma.
Colombian coltan is tied to violence at every step of the process.
Colombian criminals are world specialists in assassination, cocaine and falsification.
Colombian cuisine consists largely of chicken, pork, potato, rice, beans and soup.
Colombian farmers conduct successful experiments to reduce pesticide use on their bean crops.
Colombian guerrillas earn millions of dollars from ransom payments each year.
Colombian guerrillas move freely across the border into Panama, a country with no standing army.
Colombian importers place orders for items and make payments through the peso broker.
Colombian law exempts anyone with a high-school education from serving in combat units.
Colombian law prohibits tourists and business travelers from bringing firearms into Colombia.
Colombian officials estimate the damage in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Colombian officials take umbrage to the report.
Colombian organizations remain the primary suppliers.
Colombian parents pay half of the caregivers' honorariums and social security contributions.
Colombian people are extremely nice people.
Colombian rebels regard the pipe- lines as a U.S. target.
Colombian rice is buttery rich.
Colombian smugglers build a submarine to ship cocaine.
Colombian traffickers control much of the cocaine smuggled into Ecuador.
Colombian wines are of poor quality.
Some Colombo hotels have supper clubs with music for dancing.
Colombo recipes tend to vary, depending on the talents and whims of the cook.
Colon cancer affects both men and women about equally .
Colon cancer appears to occur in families more often than any other cancer.
Colon cancer begins at a microscopic level but then progresses to what is called an early adenoma.
Colon cancer begins when small growths, called polyps, develop in the colon.
Colon cancer can be completely asymptomatic.
Colon cancer can develop because of the changes in the cells of the lining.
Colon cancer can occur for other reasons.
Colon cancer can present with many different symptoms.
Colon cancer comes from precancerous growths in the colon called polyps.
Colon cancer develops and grows slowly.
Colon cancer develops from growths like polyps within the intestinal wall.
Colon cancer develops more frequently in cases that present early.
Colon cancer has a very good prognosis if it is caught early.
Colon cancer has a very high cure rate if it is caught in the early stages.
Colon cancer has an excellent cure rate.
Colon cancer has four main symptom complexes.
Colon cancer has the colonoscopy.
Colon cancer is a common disease .
Colon cancer is a complication of ulcerative colitis.
Colon cancer is a disease in which cancer cells are found in the tissues of the colon or rectum.
Colon cancer is a disease of the entire colon mucosa.
Colon cancer is a disease that benefits greatly from effective screening.
Colon cancer is a disorder uniquely suitable for screening.
Colon cancer is a good example of a cancer readily treatable if detected in time.
Colon cancer is a good example.
Colon cancer is a major cause of death in the United States.
Colon cancer is a malignant tumor in the lining of the large intestine.
Colon cancer is a preventable disease.
Colon cancer is a progressive disease that occurs in several stages.
Colon cancer is a serious health problem in the United States.
Colon cancer is a type of cancer that grows in the colon, or large intestine.
Colon cancer is a very common cancer second only to lung cancer.
Colon cancer is a very common disease.
Colon cancer is an abnormal growth of cells in the large intestine , or colon.
Colon cancer is an equal opportunity disease and is severe in both males and females.
Colon cancer is an example.
Colon cancer is associated with a diet that is high in fat and calories and low in fiber.
Colon cancer is cancer.
Colon cancer is carcinoma
Colon cancer is carcinoma.
Colon cancer is caused by a weak immune system.
Colon cancer is curable when caught early.
Colon cancer is curable when detected early.
Colon cancer is currently the second leading cancer killer, surpassed only by lung cancer.
Colon cancer is highly curable when caught in the earliest stages.
Colon cancer is highly treatable and is often considered to be curable.
Colon cancer is nearly always curable when discovered early.
Colon cancer is now the leading cause of cancer deaths in nonsmokers.
Colon cancer is on the right side of the colon.
Colon cancer is one of the commonest cancers affecting both man and women.
Colon cancer is one of the few malignancies that can be prevented before it starts.
Colon cancer is one of the greatest cancer killers of non-smokers.
Colon cancer is one of the most common malignancies in the United States.
Colon cancer is one of the most resistant cancers in man.
Colon cancer is preventable if polyps are removed at an early stage.
Colon cancer is preventable.
Colon cancer is rare in countries where red meat is less common on the menu.
Colon cancer is responsible for approximately as many deaths as breast or prostate cancer.
Colon cancer is second only to lung cancer as a cause of cancer death in humans.
Colon cancer is slightly more common in women than men.
Colon cancer is slow growing.
Colon cancer is the leading cause of cancer death in the United States.
Colon cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths among older people.
Colon cancer is the second leading cancer killer.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in America.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in the country.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death, but it's highly treatable is caught early.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States today.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of death each year.
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of death from cancer in the United States today.
Colon cancer is the second most common cancer diagnosed in the United States.
Colon cancer is the second most common cancer in the United States, after lung cancer.
Colon cancer is the second most common cancer in the United States.
Colon cancer is the second most common cause of cancer death in the United States.
Colon cancer is the second most common cause of cancer death, and men and women are equally at risk.
Colon cancer is the second most common form of cancer, and has the second highest cancer death rate.
Colon cancer is the second most common form of cancer.
Colon cancer is the second most frequent type of cancer in the United States.
Colon cancer is the third leading cause of cancer death in both men and women.
Colon cancer is the third leading cause of cancer deaths among women.
Colon cancer is the third most common cancer diagnosed in both men and women.
Colon cancer is the third most common cancer in women.
Colon cancer is the third most common cause of cancer deaths in women.
Colon cancer is the third most common type of cancer in the United States.
Colon cancer is the third most prevalent form of cancer in the United States.
Colon cancer is usually curable when discovered early.
Colon cancer occurs most commonly in people over the age of forty.
Colon cancer occurs with equal frequency in men and women.
Colon cancer spreads first to the liver.
Colon cancer starts as a precancerous growth called a polyp.
Colon cancer starts in the form of polyps.
Colon cancer starts with the formation of small, noncancerous growths called polyps.
Colon cancer strikes both men and women.
Colon cancer strikes only older, white men.
Colon cancers are usually curable if caught early.
Colon cancers begin as harmless polyps that can be found and removed.
Colon cancers begin as harmless polyps, which can be found and removed.
Colon cancers develop from premalignant neoplastic growths known as adenomatous polyps.
Most colon cancer starts out as a colon polyp, a benign mushroom-shaped growth.
Most colon cancers are adenocarcinomas that develop from the glandular cells.
Most colon cancers are asymptomatic in the early or, at times, even the later stages of development.
Most colon cancers are non-hereditary, however.
Most colon cancers arise from adenomatous polyps.
Most colon cancers begin as benign polyps, and cancer can be prevented by removal of the polyps.
Most colon cancers begin as polyps, precursor growths for cancer.
Most colon cancers begin as polyps.
Most colon cancers develop from benign non-cancerous growths called polyps.
Most colon cancers develop from tiny growths known as adenomatous polyps, or adenomas.
Most colon cancers have no symptoms.
Most colon cancers start as polyps precancerous overgrowths of colon tissue.
Most colon cancers start as polyps, pre-cancerous overgrowths of colon tissue.
Most colon cancers start as polyps, which can usually be removed through a colonoscopic exam.
Colon health depends on the beneficial bacteria that reside in the digestive tract.
Colon health is a major concern for people today.
Colon health starts with regular colon cleanses.
Colon hydrotherapy dates back to biblical times.
Colon hydrotherapy is a body clean-out.
Colon hydrotherapy is a way to clean it out.
Colon hydrotherapy is just one component of detoxification.
Colon hydrotherapy is many more times effective.
Colon hydrotherapy works well in conjunction with any other cleansing or healing modality.
Colon irrigation is a safe method of detoxification.
Colon polyps are precancerous.
Colon polyps are small growths on the inside lining of the colon or rectum.
Most colon polyps are initially non-cancerous.
Colon therapy is a safe method of removing waste from the large intestine, without the use of drugs.
Colon therapy is next, first to cleanse the digestive tract and then to reconstitute the system.
A colon is a gut
Colon brings to a dead stop.
Colon care Online Alternative health care and colon care online.
Colon definitely falls into that category.
Colon indicates separate pages.
Colon is a master timbalero and percussionist.
Colon is a muscular tube forming the last two metres of the body's digestive system.
Colon is a resident of Chicago.
Colon is normally air filled and of larger diameter than small intestine.
Colon is on trial facing capital felony and murder charges.
Colon is the medical term for the large intestine.
Colon is the reflex mapping of the entire colon.
Colon isa bowel.
Colon isa gut.
Colon isa intestine.
Colon keeps getting better every year.
Colon leaves after five innings, having surrendered three hits, six walks, and only the one run.
Colon lives in what is known as the honor dorm.
Colon separates city from publisher.
Colon Use a colon to call attention to the words that follow it.
Colon Use a colon to follow an independent clause to introduce an example, a list, or a quotation.
Colons absorb excess water.
Colons absorb water.
Colons aid in digestion.
Colons are a more formal pointer, and they have special usage in joining two independent clauses.
Colons are actually medial-sentence punctuation.
Colons are optionally available.
Colons are part of bodies.
Colons are punctuation.
Colons are the field delimeters.
Colons are very useful . . . .
Colons have (part) anuses.
Colons have (part) appendices.
Colons have (part) caecums.
Colons have (part) cecums.
Colons have (part) corpi.
Colons have (part) lobes.
Colons have (part) recta.
Colons have causes.
Colons indicate a range.
Colons indicate lines quoted from a previous message.
Colons normally introduce words that somehow explain the preceding idea.
Colons perform functions.
Colons signal a move from general to particular.
Colons Use a colon at the end of an independent clause to introduce a list or series.
Colons Use a colon to introduce a list, quotation, or explanation.
Colons Use a colon to introduce a phrase or list which ends a sentence.
Most colons absorb excess water.
Most colons absorb water.
Some colons absorb gases.
Some colons fill with fiber gels.
Some colons fill with gels.
Some colons fill with soluble gels.
Some colons produce pathogenic toxins.
A colonel is a commissioned officer
Colonels are like gods on earth in the villages where they are deployed.
Colonels change light bulbs.
Colonels plan strategy and occasionally command.
Most colonia housing is self-built.
Colonia life has some perks, though.
All colonial activity is directed toward providing resources for Earth.
Colonial algae occur as groups of cells attached to each other in a nonfilamentous manner.
Colonial algae occur as groups of cells attached to each other in a non-filamentous manner.
Colonial architecture characterizes homes that surround town squares.
Colonial bats depend primarily on caves, mines and attics for daytime roosts.
Colonial Beach has a history and look unto itself.
Colonial Beach is a quaint little town tucked away on the Northern Neck of Virginia.
Colonial behavior is to be forgotten.
Some colonial breeders defend nest sites.
Some colonial breeders defend sites.
Colonial buildings contrast with the contemporary architecture.
Colonial coral Think creatively.
Colonial currency is a collection of major significance.
Colonial decor is featured throughout.
Colonial dictatorship is a stranglehold that tightens around guianese workers.
Colonial discourse is built upon a difference between the West and the rest, that is other.
Colonial discourse is very complex in nature and it has countless variations and versions.
Colonial domination ends when Brazil is elevated to a Kingdom, united with Portugal.
Colonial education privileges the banking method.
Colonial empires break down.
Colonial foundations dot the tour trail, which crosses the earthworks of the confederate fort.
Colonial government is overthrown in Portugal.
Colonial history offers multiple advantages for such an examination.
Colonial houses dominate the landscape.
Colonial imposition can manifest itself in myriad ways.
Colonial land is land that belongs to the colony.
Some colonial legislatures urge their delegates to vote for independence.
Colonial meeting halls . . .
Colonial organisms are the result of many identical individuals joining together to form a colony.
Colonial organisms have bilateral symmetry.
Colonial organisms have symmetry.
Most colonial organisms have bilateral symmetry.
Most colonial organisms have symmetry.
Colonial Park is considered a pumper and engine company.
Colonial period means the period during which Western countries ruled India .
Colonial period means the period during which Western countries ruled India.
Some colonial powers send their dissidents to the colonies, England for instance.
Colonial property is comparatively valueless, because it can no longer be worked by slave labor.
Colonial records document their lives.
Colonial records report several incidents of giant sturgeons landing in ships.
Colonial records show that planters often trained skilled artisans in the European tradition.
Colonial revival is a mixture of various colonial styles with contemporary elements also present.
Colonial services illustrate the grace philosophy of ministry permeating the seminary classroom.
Some colonial settlers bring hounds.
Colonial shutters offer the perfect touch of privacy.
Some colonial slaves see religion.
Colonial Soap Making Learn about the history of soap and how it was made in the colonies.
Colonial spellings are alive and well on street signs in Little India, Singapore.
Many Colonial spirits are quite playful and rowdy.
Some colonial strains require a longer period before finally producing abundant conidia.
Colonial tea insists on the best values at the lowest possible price.
Colonial troops force British to evacuate Boston.
Colonial troops stand watch.
Some colonial tunicates use cilia.
Colonial waterbirds are also symbols of their aquatic worlds.
Colonial workers await strike.
A colonial is an occupant
Colonial denies wrongdoing, and the case is pending.
Colonial enjoys the assistance of a large volunteer program.
Colonial is a commercial bank.
Colonial is a diverse international financial services group, headquartered in Australia.
Colonial is a national leader in providing supplemental insurance to employees at the worksite.
Colonial is also a leader in development and management of long-term care services.
Colonial is proud to offer our extensive balloon selection to our online customers.
Colonial maintains a lower ratio of claims adjuster to open claim files than any other company.
Colonial means having to do with a colony.
Colonial meets space-age.
Colonial needs a bunk-up and the attention that accompanies blockbuster events.
Colonial nesting eared grebes, gather marsh plants to form floating nests.
Colonial nesting grounds are safe places to raise babies.
Colonial offers a competitive benefits and a comprehensive compensation package.
Colonial offers a complete range of party supplies from balloons to tableware and so much more.
Colonial offers panoramic views from Boston to New Hampshire from the widow's walk on the roof.
Colonial only uses waxes that are fully refined to remove all impurities.
Colonial provides a variety of educational programs to ensure student choice and success.
Colonial seeks to abide by the laws and regulations governing access to customer activity.
Colonial specializes in payroll-deducted voluntary benefits offered to employees at the worksite.
Colonials are really the house of choice.
Colonials are residents.
Colonials come out of the America Revolution with a new sense of possibility.
Colonials have inside and outside threats plus plenty of size.
Colonials seem to be a big thing here.
Colonials stack evenly to each side, giving the ability to match any exterior decor.
Colonialism dates back to ancient times.
Colonialism is a rather elusive concept.
Colonialism is a sin anywhere.
Colonialism is covert systemic violence.
Colonialism is dead and buried.
Colonialism is dead.
Colonialism is exploitation
Colonialism is exploitation.
Colonialism is gone.
Colonialism is largely the left to the world's last superpower, the United States.
Colonialism is monolithic but the effects of it are personal.
Colonialism is moribund.
Colonialism is our major malady.
Colonialism is sustained by an intimate relationship with education, imperialism, and capitalism.
Colonialism is the common experience of the vast majority of the world's peoples.
Colonialism is two or three generations past.
A colonialist is a believer
Colonialists have their errand boys deliver wine-stained tuxedoes.
Colonialists view the colony as a means to an end.
Colonias residents are predominantly Mexican-American, young, and unskilled.
Colonic adenomas represent the natural precursor lesions of most colorectal cancers.
Colonic epithelium has huge numbers of goblet cells.
Colonic epithelium is diffusely abnormal in ulcerative colitis and colorectal cancer.
Colonic fermentation is the second proposed source of excessive intestinal gas in infants.
Colonic glands are in the upper left.
Colonic inertia is caused by decreased muscle activity in the colon.
Colonic irrigation can do no good, only harm.
Colonic irrigation involves flushing the entire colon with running water.
Colonic irrigation is enema.
Colonic irrigation is irrigation
Colonic irrigation is one of the most effective ways to cleanse the colon of toxins and waste.
Colonic irrigations are one of the most important treatment modalities available for good health.
Colonic irrigations are the most effective way of body detoxification.
Colonic lumen contains variable amounts of green semifluid to solid or dry fecal material.
Colonic varices are a recognized cause of rectal bleeding in portal hypertension.
Colonic volvulus is unusual in children, and has been reported to affect the sigmoid or cecum.
A colonic is irrigation
Colonics also has erotic appeal to some.
Colonics are an extended and more complete form of an enema.
Colonics are available.
Colonics are colonic irrigation.
Colonics are like a very big enema.
Colonics are most effective when done in series.
Colonics can be an important part of a holistic detoxification program.
Colonics has no real health benefits, but does have a number of serious hazards.
Colonics have another undesirable effect.
Colonics vary greatly in their effects due largely to the expertise of the technician.
Colonisation becomes even more intensive.
Colonisation continues unabated.
Colonisation increases again, sparking off several rebellions late in the century.
Colonisation is an establishment
Colonisation is, however, increasing in the wake of the oil boom.
Colonisations can take place without an awareness of a territory even being crossed.
A colonist is a traveler
Colonists are mostly poor people from the cities who want to make a better life for themselves.
Colonists are people.
Colonists can set up their own government.
Colonists develop a taste for turtle and crocodile.
Colonists establish a population in a novel location.
Colonists face a difficult life in the New Sweden colony.
Colonists have the right to change the government.
Colonists placed by the player are a tough breed of human, who can live on the land.
Colonists receive room, board, and the exclusive use of a studio.
Colonists return instantly the day after either the colony becomes a city or they are recalled.
Colonists see a mother country out of control.
Colonists struggle for independence.
Colonists travel across open sea much faster than through land or coastal sea provinces.
All colonists receive emergency training for the event of a bulkhead giving way, flooding etc.
Many colonists refuse to pay the tax.
Colonization strategies have consequences.
Colonization appears to be limited to the roots.
Colonization begins to occur when the systemsworld begins to dominate the lifeworld.
Colonization can last indefinitely.
Colonization can persist from a few days up to several years.
Colonization has historical, political, economic, social, and ecological aspects.
Colonization implies an on-going process with systematic limitations.
Colonization induces development.
Colonization is a captivating game by the many facets that it presents.
Colonization is a very big game with loads of options.
Colonization is achieved by landing a colony ship.
Colonization is always destructive.
Colonization is an establishment
Colonization is an intricate coordination of action and reaction by endophyte and plant alike.
Colonization is as much about one kind of psychology replacing another.
Colonization is constitutions.
Colonization is constructive to the colonizing society, but destructive to the Indigenous society.
Colonization is easy to detect by luminescence.
Colonization is enhanced by the materials' roughness, chemical composition, and hydrophobicity.
Colonization is in the details.
Colonization is obviously a form of separatism.
Colonization is suspected to cause deeper infections, e.g. sinusitis and pneumonia.
Colonization is takings.
Colonization is the arrival of life onto a new or modified habitat.
Colonization is the real cause of their downfall.
Colonization is the replication of microbes to form colonies in a hospitable environment.
Colonization is when an inmate feels relatively more content inside the institution than outside.
Colonization isa establishment.
Colonization occurs on the root surface and the rhizobia attach to the root hairs.
Colonization requires fungal growth.
Colonization requires growth.
Colonization results in considerable damage.
Colonization results in damage.
Colonization results in events.
Colonization seems as far away today as it did then.
Colonization tends to be a force for continuity in the structure of the national economy.
Colonization yields benefits.
Colonization yields survival benefits.
Colonization usually precedes infection.
Most colonization induces development.
Most colonization occurs on the upper beach area less frequently affected by waves.
Most colonization requires fungal growth.
Most colonization requires growth.
Any colonized people know that.
A colonnade is a structure
Colonnade features shops, food and movies.
A colonoscope is an endoscope
Colonoscopes contain small cutting devices which can be threaded through the tube to remove growths.
Colonoscopic biopsy reveals several foci of adenocarcinoma in the left colon.
Colonoscopic surveillance reduces mortality from colorectal cancer in ulcerative colitis.
A colonoscopy is endoscopy
Colonoscopy allows a doctor to look inside the colon for bleeding, cancer, and polyps.
Colonoscopy also results in more years of life saved.
Colonoscopy appears to be the most accurate method of screening for colorectal cancer.
Colonoscopy can also identify and treat active bleeding from the bowel.
Colonoscopy can confirm the diagnosis of colon obstruction by cancer.
Colonoscopy can detect polyps and cancers throughout the entire colon and poses little risk.
Colonoscopy can identify a number of pre-cancerous polyps that sigmoidoscopy can miss.
Colonoscopy is a different beast altogether.
Colonoscopy is a direct visualization of the colon with a flexible sigmoidoscope.
Colonoscopy is a procedure in which the physician uses a longer tube to examine the entire colon.
Colonoscopy is a procedure performed by a gastroenterologist.
Colonoscopy is a procedure which enables a doctor to see inside the large bowel.
Colonoscopy is a safe and extremely worthwhile procedure, which is very well tolerated.
Colonoscopy is a visual exam of the entire colon, via a flexible scope monitored on a video screen.
Colonoscopy is an established procedure for evaluating patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Colonoscopy is an outpatient procedure.
Colonoscopy is covered every two years for beneficiaries at high risk.
Colonoscopy is generally more precise than an X-ray study.
Colonoscopy is indicated only if the polyp is an adenoma.
Colonoscopy is more precise than an X-ray.
Colonoscopy is necessary to exclude colon cancer and inflammatory bowel disease.
Colonoscopy is one of several tests for colon cancer.
Colonoscopy is paid for every two years for high-risk patients.
Colonoscopy is preferred over barium enema.
Colonoscopy is presently the best test available for detecting polyps in the colon.
Colonoscopy is quite safe.
Colonoscopy is recommended every year for a person with a positive gene test.
Colonoscopy is safe procedure, with a low risk of complications, but potentially big rewards.
Colonoscopy is the best screening procedure although it is much more costly to have done.
Colonoscopy is the best way to do that.
Colonoscopy is the gold standard for colon surveillance.
Colonoscopy is the most common test.
Colonoscopy is the most direct and complete way to see the entire lining of the colon.
Colonoscopy is the preferred method of examining the entire length of the colon and rectum.
Colonoscopy is the screening procedure of choice for hereditary colon cancer.
Colonoscopy is the standard for screening.
Colonoscopy is the visualization of the entire colon.
Colonoscopy permits the doctor to see much farther into the bowel than sigmoidoscopy.
Colonoscopy permits the physician to visualize the entire colon.
Colonoscopy provides a view of the interior wall of the entire colon and rectum.
Colonoscopy remains the most sensitive test for detecting colon polyps and tumors.
Colonoscopy requires sedation and usually is performed on an outpatient basis in the hospital.
Colonoscopy reveals a large adenocarcinoma in the distal left colon.
Colonoscopy uses an instrument capable of examining the whole colon.
Colony attendance is highest in the early morning.
Colony evaluation begins.
Colony growth is aided by the production of secondary reproductives.
Colony odor refers to the odor of one colony.
Colony shape is the trick here.
Colony shape varies considerably according to physical factors.
A colony is a body
Colonies achieve dimensions.
Colonies adapt to different elevations, or degrees of drought, or soil types.
Colonies affected by varroa mites are often weak with a spotty brood pattern.
Colonies also can migrate to indoor locations.
Colonies also can occur in or under buildings.
Colonies also contain adult worker ants that feed and care for the queens and developing brood.
Colonies also form in tree cavities and under loose tree bark.
Colonies appear as fuzzy blue clusters.
Colonies appear smooth, usually flat, and occasionally raised and opaque.
Colonies appearing on histidine supplemented medium is taken as the number of viable macroconidia.
Colonies appears to be small.
Colonies are an adaptation to limited nesting and feeding areas.
Colonies are anatomically simple and easily cloned.
Colonies are animal groups.
Colonies are annual with only inseminated queens over wintering.
Colonies are annual with only inseminated queens overwintering .
Colonies are annual with only inseminated queens overwintering.
Colonies are annual, lasting only one summer.
Colonies are areas that are controlled by an outside country.
Colonies are areas where several stork families live together.
Colonies are beneficial because they provide collective defense against predators.
Colonies are bodies.
Colonies are colonies.
Colonies are common in the South Island, and they have started to breed again in the North Island.
Colonies are far more common near lakes and rivers.
Colonies are fed if needed, and weak colonies are combined to make strong ones.
Colonies are generally more complex and are composed of more individual cells.
Colonies are golden and strongly hemolytic on blood agar.
Colonies are important, but they're rare because they're expensive to build and slow to grow.
Colonies are large and can contain many queens.
Colonies are large with hundreds or thousands of birds.
Colonies are large, often containing hundreds of queens.
Colonies are least abundant in the summer.
Colonies are located on low-lying, sandy islands, and nests are built on the ground.
Colonies are mainly agricultural.
Colonies are much larger than the tiny beta hemolytic colonies of the streptococci.
Colonies are multiple organisms living together, which can be multi- or unicellular.
Colonies are mutually exclusive though both diseases normally appear on the same fruit.
Colonies are necessary to Germany.
Colonies are on-line communities of interest within the arts.
Colonies are places.
Colonies are polygynous.
Colonies are rare in wave-washed zones, except for sheltered nooks and crevices.
Colonies are separate patches on logs.
Colonies are small, often including only several individuals.
Colonies are smaller.
Colonies are transparent, mucoid, and easily emulsified.
Colonies are typically small, with a dozen or fewer workers, on average.
Colonies are typically the largest and most active in the late summer months.
Colonies are underground close to moisture, but they feed on wood which is usually above the ground.
Colonies are usually close to bodies of water because of the types of insects available there.
Colonies are usually small.
Colonies are usually underground where moisture is located.
Colonies are wintered and operated similarly to colonies in the north-central region.
Colonies become quite large.
Colonies become workers.
Colonies begin with the roost sites of males, who form a sort of daytime bachelor party.
Colonies can be brittle and hard to distinguish from one another.
Colonies can be characterized based on their color, shape, consistency, and type of edge they have.
Colonies can be ephemeral, abandoned one year only to be used the next.
Colonies can be polygynous, which means they have more than one queen.
Colonies can begin producing new queens within six months of founding.
Colonies can consist of several hundreds of birds living in one big tree.
Colonies can form different shapes, and can even form different cell types.
Colonies can occupy and use a wide area of land to support themselves.
Colonies can occupy several different nesting sites.
Colonies can reach considerable size, consisting of a large number of individual polyps.
Colonies can sometimes contain thousands of individuals.
Colonies can take up more complex forms because of an extra ingredient - life.
Colonies compose of individuals.
Colonies compose of many individuals.
Colonies compose of numerous individuals.
Colonies concentrate on new terminal trifoliolate leaves and new leaves on side branches.
Colonies consist of adults.
Colonies consist of fine branches covered with calices.
Colonies consist of individuals.
Colonies consist of major and minor workers.
Colonies consist of many individuals.
Colonies consist of many small individuals.
Colonies consist of offspring.
Colonies consisting of several families share nesting and feeding areas.
Colonies contain ants.
Colonies contain from a few hundred to thousands.
Colonies contain hosts.
Colonies contain individuals.
Colonies contain members.
Colonies contain several reproductive females and hundreds of thousands of workers.
Colonies differ in shape, size, color, texture, type of margin, and other characteristics.
Colonies displaying wild type phenotypes have mutant genes in different complementation groups.
Colonies engage in a cacophonous symphony of squawking and calling.
Colonies even thrive in the stumps of dead trees.
Colonies exist to benefit the colonizer.
Colonies experience problems.
Colonies experience significant problems.
Colonies find homes.
Colonies form large orange crusts that spread irregularly and are often fringed with green.
Colonies form on new growth and persist on the backs of leaves as shoots harden off.
Colonies form on submerged logs, twigs, and even wooden docks.
Colonies form on succulent green tissue, leaves, and stems.
Colonies generally have an orange pigment and appear heaped up and folded.
Colonies generally have overlapping generations and cooperative brood care.
Colonies grow best in an anaerobic or microaerophilic environment using blood agar.
Colonies grow by a flat amount of settlers each month.
Colonies have ants.
Colonies have appearances.
Colonies have churches.
Colonies have crabs.
Colonies have establish churches.
Colonies have individuals.
Colonies have little respect for each other when it comes to the possession of honey.
Colonies have members.
Colonies have multiple queens, which also contributes to their survival.
Colonies have organizations.
Colonies have places.
Colonies have several queens.
Colonies have social organizations.
Colonies have soldier ants.
Colonies have structures.
Colonies having queens are referred to as queen-right.
Colonies include individuals.
Colonies join together under the Charter of Unity.
Colonies live in parks around Honolulu.
Colonies live in spectacular cities contained within huge geodesic domes.
Colonies live within the wood.
Colonies living on a gastropod shell are either female or male.
Colonies located in fields or at the edges of woodlots are especially vulnerable.
Colonies may have poor survival.
Colonies may have survival.
Colonies mostly dendroid, others encrusting or massive, few frondose.
Colonies need food.
Colonies need protection.
Colonies need special protection.
Colonies need supplemental food.
Colonies need workers.
Colonies nest in piles of clothes, between floorboards and in cracks and crevices.
Colonies nest in soil and in voids like hollow doors and walls.
Colonies nest in soil and in voids likehollow doors and walls.
Colonies occupy areas.
Colonies occupy territory.
Colonies occur in both fasciculate and massive forms.
Colonies occur in open areas and usually have a single central opening.
Colonies occur in regions.
Colonies occur on rocky kopjes, rocky hillsides, krantzes, and in piles of loose boulders.
Colonies pass through here every few days, while the number of single teams is enormous.
Colonies perform different roles.
Colonies perform roles.
Colonies possess queens.
Colonies produce characteristic reactions on differential media.
Colonies produce offspring.
Colonies provide habitats.
Colonies range from a few birds to several hundred.
Colonies range in color from light brown in deeper waters.
Colonies range in color from light brown in shallow waters to dark brown in deeper waters.
Colonies range in size from less than one centimetre to several metres in length.
Colonies reach ages.
Colonies require protection.
Colonies return each spring to where they hatched.
Colonies send off large numbers of winged reproductive termites, or swarmers.
Colonies show three different growth form 'phases'.
Colonies show up as bright points against a dim background.
Colonies slow growing.
Colonies start with a single king and queen and develop slowly over the years.
Colonies subsist on the crop residue or on native grasses for the remainder of the season.
Colonies suffer damage.
Colonies suffer little damage.
Colonies survive for long time.
Colonies survive for many years.
Colonies survive for time.
Colonies survive for years.
Colonies take longer to grow up embedded in top agar than on an ordinary plate.
Colonies take on a smooth, often yellowish, appearance.
Colonies tend to be compact, centred on favoured breeding areas.
Colonies tend to become more aggressive to each other during the time of the experimental trials.
Colonies then form on the filter.
Colonies to provide pollination services.
Colonies to provide services.
Colonies vary enormously in strength and pollination effectiveness.
Colonies vary greatly in colour including green, violet, brown and yellow.
Colonies wer subordinate to the mother country.
Colony delivers some really educated guesses.
Colony fellows work in studios scattered throughout the six hundred acres of field and woods.
Colony isa social group.
Colony submits formal installation application.
Colonies frequently migrate from one site to another.
Colonies often contain cats too wary to be caught.
Colonies often contain other species of birds.
Colonies often have an earthy odor.
Colonies often number in the hundreds and even thousands.
Colonies sometimes cover acres.
Colonies usually contain a single queen who is responsible for producing the eggs.
Colonies usually recover from sacbrood without beekeeper aid.
Colonies usually recover on their own.
Colonies usually survive the winter on the honey collected during the summer.
All colonies are strapped to the pallet with metal bands and tightened with a special clip.
All colonies have a queen, fungus garden, workers and brood and are guaranteed established colonies.
Any colonies showing brownish-black halos are positive.
Many colonies are on steep sided islands along the coast.
Many colonies are only accessible at low tide.
Many colonies gain independence but are still financially dependent on capitalist countries.
Many colonies practice religious freedom and seperation of church and state.
Many colonies take on a green colour because they contain algae.
Most colonies achieve dimensions.
Most colonies are in discrete inland locations with birds flying down to coastal areas to feed.
Most colonies are on islands.
Most colonies are on the mainland near farms where fox movements are limited.
Most colonies are stationary.
Most colonies become workers.
Most colonies compose of individuals.
Most colonies compose of many individuals.
Most colonies compose of numerous individuals.
Most colonies consist of adults.
Most colonies consist of individuals.
Most colonies consist of many individuals.
Most colonies consist of many small individuals.
Most colonies consist of offspring.
Most colonies contain ants.
Most colonies contain hosts.
Most colonies contain individuals.
Most colonies contain members.
Most colonies experience significant problems.
Most colonies find homes.
Most colonies have a basic flight pattern as they leave and return to the hive.
Most colonies have ants.
Most colonies have appearances.
Most colonies have churches.
Most colonies have crabs.
Most colonies have individuals.
Most colonies have members.
Most colonies have only one queen.
Most colonies have organizations.
Most colonies have places.
Most colonies have social organizations.
Most colonies have soldier ants.
Most colonies have structures.
Most colonies live in caves, mines and attics.
Most colonies occupy areas.
Most colonies occupy somewhere in between.
Most colonies occupy territory.
Most colonies occur in regions.
Most colonies occur on islands.
Most colonies only have one telephone.
Most colonies perform different roles.
Most colonies perform roles.
Most colonies possess queens.
Most colonies produce offspring.
Most colonies provide habitats.
Most colonies reach ages.
Most colonies require protection.
Most colonies start to disperse soon after the young are weaned.
Most colonies suffer damage.
Most colonies suffer little damage.
Most colonies survive for long time.
Most colonies survive for many years.
Most colonies survive for time.
Most colonies survive for years.
Most colonies tend toward the monk-ascetic model of environment.
Some colonies allow farmers to pay taxes with cannabis hemp.
Some colonies are very colourful and others are a buff-brown.
Some colonies are very slimy and irregularly shaped.
Some colonies become cities.
Some colonies become diversity.
Some colonies become genetic diversity.
Some colonies become independent nations.
Some colonies become maintain diversity.
Some colonies become maintain genetic diversity.
Some colonies become nations.
Some colonies become problems.
Some colonies become provinces.
Some colonies can consist of hundreds or even thousands of individuals.
Some colonies can consist of thousands of individuals.
Some colonies consist of animals.
Some colonies consist of ants.
Some colonies consist of bees.
Some colonies consist of female workers.
Some colonies consist of millions of ants.
Some colonies consist of plants.
Some colonies consist of queens.
Some colonies consist of soldiers.
Some colonies consist of treehoppers.
Some colonies consist of workers.
Some colonies contain animals.
Some colonies contain bees.
Some colonies contain ladybugs.
Some colonies contain queens.
Some colonies contain several hundred individuals.
Some colonies contain termites.
Some colonies contain types.
Some colonies contain workers.
Some colonies develop characteristic odor.
Some colonies develop odor.
Some colonies enter growth.
Some colonies face blizzards.
Some colonies form a carpet over a metre across.
Some colonies form global societies.
Some colonies form societies.
Some colonies give positive tests.
Some colonies give tests.
Some colonies grow into pointed and hard forms, while others grow round but soft.
Some colonies have cell types.
Some colonies have conductivity.
Some colonies have dairy barns with quotas.
Some colonies have death statutes.
Some colonies have fertile queens.
Some colonies have immature stages.
Some colonies have kings.
Some colonies have pairs.
Some colonies have pheromone.
Some colonies have polyp.
Some colonies have population size.
Some colonies have queen wasps.
Some colonies have queens.
Some colonies have single polyp.
Some colonies have sites.
Some colonies have size.
Some colonies have small population size.
Some colonies have small size.
Some colonies have soldier ants.
Some colonies have soldiers.
Some colonies have stages.
Some colonies have statutes.
Some colonies have stories.
Some colonies have tunics.
Some colonies have types.
Some colonies have wasps.
Some colonies have wingless queens.
Some colonies have wings.
Some colonies have workers.
Some colonies help crops.
Some colonies help vine crops.
Some colonies lead to depletion.
Some colonies lead to oxygen depletion.
Some colonies make rustle sound.
Some colonies make sound.
Some colonies occupy patches.
Some colonies possess ants.
Some colonies produce honey.
Some colonies produce individuals.
Some colonies produce myceliums.
Some colonies produce sugar.
Some colonies produce yellow myceliums.
Some colonies provide a good look from a distant vantage point and can be observed at leisure.
Some colonies reach height.
Some colonies reach numbers.
Some colonies remain year-round.
Some colonies resemble jointed dominoes.
Some colonies suffer events.
Some colonies suffer impact.
Some colonies suffer little impact.
Some colonies survive few months.
Some colonies survive months.
Some colonies survive periods.
Some colonies survive sensitive periods.
Some colonies survive years.
Some colonies take animals.
Some colonies use aquaria.
Some colonies use gallon aquaria.
Some colonies use teleconferencing while other have access to videoconferencing.
Some colonies work to care.
A colophon is an emblem
Colophons are as old as the printing press itself.
Some colophons are more interesting than the zines in which they are found.
Color aberration separates the colors of the spectrum.
Color additives are classified as straight colors, lakes, and mixtures.
Color additives make things attractive, appealing, appetizing.
Color balance is a strong function of exposure time and reciprocity failure often dominates.
Color balance is amazingly accurate and consistent.
Color balance is excellent though, and saturation is just about right.
Color balance is handled nicely, giving a rich natural-looking picture, without compromising detail.
Color balance looks great, though resolution and detail are a little lacking in both images.
Color balance looks pretty good, and noise is moderately high in the gray background.
Color banding is fairly minimal as well.
Color banding occurs when temperatures at the soil surface fluctuate widely.
A color bar is a barrier
Color bars are easier to get at now - just click through the menu.
Color bars are likely to be associated with the source sequence.
Color bars are to video what tone is to audio.
Color bars indicate age shown in the legend.
Color bleeding is characteristic of video captured with a software codec.
Color blindness comes as a result of a lack of one or more of the types of color receptors.
Color blindness is a color perception problem whose most common ailment is a red-green deficiency.
Color blindness is a congenital abnormality
Color blindness is a disqualifier.
Color blindness is a divisive code.
Color blindness is a lifelong condition.
Color blindness is a male dominant trait, but is carried by the female.
Color blindness is a misnomer because only a small percentage of people are unable to see any color.
Color blindness is a recessive, sex-linked trait in humans that is located on the X chromosome.
Color blindness is a recessive, X-linked trait.
Color blindness is an absolute bar to employment.
Color blindness is an example.
Color blindness is an inaccurate term for a lack of perceptual sensitivity to certain colors.
Color blindness is an x-linked recessive trait.
Color blindness is an X-linked recessive trait.
Color blindness is an X-linked, recessive trait.
Color blindness is birth defects.
Color blindness is caused by a defect in the color opsins on the X chromosome.
Color blindness is caused by a defective color gene carried by the mother.
Color blindness is determined genetically, is sex-linked, and occurs mostly in males .
Color blindness is determined genetically, is sex-linked, and occurs mostly in males.
Color blindness is disability.
Color blindness is diseases.
Color blindness is due to a recessive gene.
Color blindness is due to the absence or impairment, of one or two cone systems.
Color blindness is essentially a defect.
Color blindness is fairly common, affecting about nine percent of all humans.
Color blindness is for red or green.
Color blindness is incurable.
Color blindness is monitored through regular eye exams and visits to the healthcare provider.
Color blindness is much more common in boys than in girls.
Color blindness is rooted in the chromosomal differences between males and females.
Color blindness is suppose to be extremely rare in girls.
Color blindness is the partial or total inability to distinguish colors.
Color blindness is unacceptable.
Color blindness is usually self-diagnosed.
Color blindness is very sensitive to changes in material .
Color blindness is very sensitive to changes in material.
Color blindness is visual impairment.
Color blindness is X-linked recessive.
Color blindness occurs in some children.
Most color blindness is a result of a lack of one or more of the types of color cones in the retina.
Most color blindness is permanent , but some conditions can also lead to temporary color blindness .
Most color blindness is permanent, but some conditions can also lead to temporary color blindness.
Color cast is removed and gray balance restored.
Color catalogs show products.
Color change allows camouflage among substrates and apparent disappearance into the currents.
Color change denotes change of color and color grain pattern.
Color change indicates degree of water adsorption.
Color change indicates moisture.
Color change indicates positive pregnancy test .
Color change indicates the presence of narcotics.
Color change indicates whether legal limit for intoxication exists.
Color change is distinct and non-reversible.
Color change is non-reversible.
Color change is slow and caused by the production of more melanin - morphological color change .
Color change is triggered by the shifting rhythm of day and night.
Color changes are communication tools.
Color changes are normal for fresh product.
Color changes are subtle and the are wonderful to study.
Color changes are usually free.
Color changes can accompany a physical change, too.
Color changes can occur in the skin where sclerotherapy has been performed.
Color changes can occur swiftly, or they can change with the seasons.
Color changes indicate that antibodies are adhering to the proteins.
Color changes indicate that ecological succession is taking place.
Color changes occur early in the sap boiling process.
Color changes produce code changes in the body tag text.
Color changes range from yellow to brown to black, from solid colors to speckled.
Color changes reflect lattice spacing differrences.
Color changes resulting from heating are permanent in most gemstones.
Color changes take effect immediately.
Any color change indicates the presence of sugar.
Color charge applies to each page.
Color charge is conserved in every such process.
Color charges are additional.
Color charges are commissionable.
Color charges are in addition to earned black and white rates.
Color charges are net and in addition to space charges.
All color charges are in addition to basic page charges.
All color charges are in addition to the black and white space rate.
All color charges are per page.
A color chart is a chart
Color chart helps to show approximate color of pigments offered.
Color chart shows typical good, fair, bad readings.
Color charts are available on request at a small charge.
Color charts are charts.
Color circles are color charts.
Color code choices one, two, and three.
Color code distinguishes hotels, shops and sights.
Color code gives logarithm of plasma mass density, increasing from blue to red.
Color code is code
Color code is code.
Color code represents grade for listed price.
Color codes are a six digit number for either background or text.
Color codes are often difficult or impossible for blind and color blind people to understand .
Color codes are often difficult or impossible for blind and color blind people to understand.
Color codes are six digit combinations of letters and numbers that correspond to a specific color.
Color codes differentiate the labs based upon computer types.
Color codes hold only for cores manufactured by Micrometals.
Color codes indicate player substitutions, red for red, green for green, etc.
Color codes reflect the type and severity of delay.
Color codes show possible irregularities in the verb tenses.
Color codes show the water s rating, making it easy to locate the best fishing in the state.
Color coding allows easy identification, while transparent sleeves permit visual inspection.
Color coding displays each price level.
Color coding flags the type of progress or lack of progress that is being made.
Color coding helps in organization.
Color coding helps.
Color coding identifies the language families considered to be represented in California.
Color coding indicates categories of cells selected through multiparameter analysis.
Color coding indicates correspondence with course letter grade assignment.
Color coding indicates technical and physical difficulty levels.
Color coding is a form of visual display often used to prevent errors.
Color coding is a great marketing tool.
Color coding is also helpful for multi-hall shows.
Color coding is an easy method.
Color coding is based on depth but backscatter amplitude is also available.
Color coding is good but colored index cards are better for helping the students organize.
Color coding is one of the first methods that is inlayed over systems.
Color coding is provided, but the script is easy enough to customize without it.
Color coding is the assignment of color to a number, letter or particular item that shows meaning.
Color coding is the same as above.
Color coding is used both for molecular structures and for human tissues and organs.
Color coding is used for both molecular structures and for human tissues and organs.
Color coding is used for categorizing the popularity of the sites.
Color coding is used for communicates.
Color coding is used in the site map to quickly identify content in the site.
Color coding is used to assist the user to distinguish between stars, nebulae and galaxies.
Color coding is used to designate work and play areas.
Color coding is used to indicate the magnitude of form factors.
Color coding is used to show the state of each product.
Color coding makes folders easily distinguishable and quick to scan for a specific folder.
Color coding makes it easy to see the status of each spot.
Color coding makes it easy to see which folders are using all the disc.
Color coding makes it possible to see at a glance which devices are in alarm.
Color coding makes locating important names and numbers easy.
Color coding provides an indication of the variation due to season as seen in the previous section.
Color coding provides easy identification of products to help prevent misapplication.
Color coding reflects individuals and families tracked across multiple pieces of information.
Color coding uses all digits and letters.
Color commentary is needed hardcore.
Color commentary is virtually non-existent.
Color commentators bring experience and insight into the game.
Color complements are color opposites.
Color constancy causes some strange effects.
Color constancy is perceptual constancy
Color constancy refers to the relatively stable appearance of objects despite changes in context.
Color contrast helps here, as the mixture is rather plain looking.
Color contrast is defined by the comparison of, and differences between, certain colors.
Color contrast is especially effective for reading and writing.
Color contrast is seen as a very positive design feature for the disabled.
Color copiers reproduce most checks beautifully.
Color copiers running newsprint allow some dailies to speed proofing and save time and money.
Color copiers tend to get almost four times more service calls than black and white copiers.
Color correction can be a very expensive process.
Color correction exceeds achromats.
Color correction is a word that is often misunderstood.
Color correction is controlled by the gamma attribute.
Color correction is helpful and easy to use.
Color corrections are additional.
Color cube is linked from that page.
Color Cycle Write a program that has only one button in the frame.
Color deficiencies can also result from optic nerve and retinal diseases, breakdown, or injury.
Color deficiency comes as a result of a lack of one or more of the types of color receptors.
Color density can be fine-tuned on press.
Color density is vivid.
Color depth can have a large impact on engine performance.
Color depth is also a consideration for web designers.
Color depth is another measure of a scanner's image quality.
Color depth is determined by the amount of memory.
Color depth is equally impressive.
Color depth is expressed in either bits or total colors.
Color depth is exquisite, showing off the lush production to best advantage.
Color depth is fine, though some slight bleeding of reds occurs in a few instances.
Color depth is given in the third number of a pixel dimension.
Color depth is measured by counting the total number of colors recorded or displayed.
Color depth is measured in bits and reflects how many total colors can be displayed.
Color depth is measured in the number of bits of color that are being displayed.
Color depth is outstanding.
Color depth is the number of colors that are supported by an image format.
Color depth is the range or number of individual colors the scanner can discern and record.
Color depth makes a big difference in visual quality and speed.
Color depth refers to how many bits are assigned to each pixel in an image.
Color depth refers to the number of colors that the scanner can electronically capture.
Color depth varies with changing light.
Color determination consists of comparison with master set of diamonds under daylight conditions.
Color determination is based on spectral reflectance measurements from the printed stock.
Color differences are due to the tone of the paper.
Color differences are only skin deep.
Color differences relate to size of nanostructures.
Color discrimination is necessary to differentiate wire and needed when resistance color-coding.
Color display is optimized according to the installed adapter.
Color display is recommended.
Color display requires a color monitor.
Color display uses solid state laser pulses.
Color display varies from monitor to monitor.
Color displays are better for visibility, but they also decrease battery life.
Color displays are standard, as is reliable voice recognition and command.
Color displays do offer more opportunities for multimedia, as well as for clutter.
Color displays drain the batteries faster.
Color displays produce color by mixing red, green, and blue light.
Color displays take an enormous number of transistors.
Color displays vary widely.
Most color diversity occurs in lower, warmer, drier, areas.
Color dyes scatter less light.
Color egg shells to make egg mosaics.
Color fading is caused by spontaneous chemical changes in the image dyes of color films.
Color fading is kept to a minimum so hair stays shiny and healthy-looking.
Color fidelity is also excellent, as is picture detail.
Color fidelity is also highly important, and crucial for professionals.
Color fidelity is enhanced, and skin tones are more natural and lifelike.
Color fidelity is excellent with vibrant colors, natural fleshtones and deep, solid blacks.
Color fidelity is fine and color bleeding is minimal.
Color fidelity is generally good.
Color fidelity is well balanced, with accurate fleshtones, rich hues, and deep blacks.
Color film can capture some of what our eyes can see.
Color film can give quite unbalanced color images as well.
Color film captures more information per frame than does black and white film.
Color film carries one or more emulsions which after processing.
Color film does a very poor job of representing the continuous range of colors in a spectrum.
Color film has three or more emulsion layers sensitive to different colors.
Color film has to be specially balanced for use with artificial or daylight.
Color film is acceptable.
Color film is available locally, but is quite expensive.
Color film is balanced for use with either daylight or flash.
Color film is more complicated.
Color film is sensitized in three layers to red, green, and blue light.
Color film is used specifically for copying the exact color as it is seen.
Color films are another tragedy of film deterioration.
Color films are nothing more than black and white films coated with dye layers.
Color films comprise both negative and reversal types.
Color films see light differently than the human eye does.
All color films are perishable.
Color filters allow the cells to change their RGB basic colors.
Color filters are important for bringing out certain kinds of features and enchanting contrast.
Color flowers have scent.
Color flowers have strong scent.
A color force is fundamental interaction
Color force is a short range force.
Color gamuts are simple polygons positioned on the diagram.
Color gels are still functional.
Color gradients show distribution of pixel hits in a constellation diagram.
Color grading continues down the alphabet, each letter denoting a yellower tint.
Color grading is done by placing a diamond next to a set of previously graded gems.
Color grading takes place in the optical domain, which results in noise-free pictures.
Color graphics appear grainy, slightly foggy, and poorly detailed.
Color graphics are easy.
Color graphics have fine detail and subtle shading.
Color graphics highlight the defects for easy monitoring.
Color graphics take up the most storage space on the computer and are much slower to load than text.
Color harmonies are seasonal.
Color harmonies can also be cool and soothing, with blues and greens and touches of silver.
Color harmony delivers visual interest and a sense of order.
Color harmony is important.
Color healing provides so many helpful tools which are useful in a variety of situations.
Color image produced by researchers shows a spiral heart wave.
Color image produced by researchers shows a spiral wave of the type observed on the canine heart.
Color images accompany each vocabulary word.
Color images appear under the pieces.
Color images are available for many objects.
Color images are available online for a limited number of artworks.
Color images are created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters.
Color images are easier to view and read, and retain image content often lost in bitonal scans.
Color images are imagery.
Color images are inherently low in contrast and difficult to solarize.
Color images are much trickier.
Color images are quite an investment in time.
Color images are still beautiful, and grayscale images have no moir patterns.
Color images byte off a lot.
Color images can be output in several formats, including postscript.
Color images can get quite large very quickly.
Color images contain the most complex information and consequently result in the largest file sizes.
Color images print on selected color printers.
Color images require three or four times as much processing and printing as black and white images.
Color images show how the blood moves and flows through the heart.
Color images showing cordgrass invasion in estuaries are available.
Color images take up much more space than black and white or grayscale images.
All color images are also available in black and white.
All color images print in full color.
Some color images show black holes.
Some color images show holes.
Some color images show massive storms.
Some color images show storms.
Some color images show winter storms.
Color index follows the same logic.
Color index is somewhat variable and works best with phaneritic rocks.
Color keys are also acceptable but moire patterns can be difficult to see.
Color keys are essential.
Color keys make it easy to find the right group.
Color keys match the major races and ranges of two comimetic butterfly species.
A color line is a barrier
Color line includes matte, pearlized, iridescent, chameleon finishes.
Color lines are companies.
Some color lines are different nowadays.
All color lithography is done with computer to plate or computer to press digital technologies.
Color management continues to be one of the most debated topics in the graphic arts industry.
Color management delivers a visible improvement in color quality.
Color management has too many choices.
Color management is critical.
Color management is described in context in appropriate chapters and sections.
Color management is no longer a question.
Color management is on board.
Color management makes it happen from there.
Color management shifts to the 'Net.
Color map is used to illustrate the statistic numbers of interaction in each grid.
Color maps alternate the cold front blue and warm front red.
Color maps are preferred because they are easier to read and interpret.
Color maps highlight their two locations in the Washington, DC, area.
Color maps make a particularly strong impact.
Color maps show where each species can be seen at different times of the year.
Color mapping allows instant visualization of deviation data.
Color marks are marks that consist solely of one or more colors used on particular objects.
Color measurement is an important part of any quality production system.
Color mixing is a good science lesson.
Color mixing is a subtle subject.
Color models allow for a precise specification which color shade is the one desired.
Color models are available but are quite expensive.
Many color models are inherently device dependent.
Color monitor is preferred.
Color monitors are monitors.
Color monitors are necessary to enhance the sense of sight.
Color monitors are the standard today.
Color monitors display up to millions of colors.
Color monitors offer the advantage of variety and selectability over monochrome devices.
Color monitors vary in the number of colors, dot-pitch and intensities they can produce.
Color monitors vary widely.
Color mutations range in price depending on the rarity of the color.
Color names are also amazingly varied.
Color names are arbitrary.
Color names are case-insensitive and embedded spaces are ignored.
Color names are case-insensitive, and spaces are ignored.
Color names are case-insensitive.
Color names are easier to talk about at first.
Color names are now insensitive to case.
Color names are white,blue,green,red,yellow,black,cyan,magenta.
Color names can be found in the standard include file for colors.
Color negatives capture much more information which is then interpreted through the print process.
Color negatives offer the best selection for high speed films today.
Color of animals does affect their internal temperatures.
Every color of light has a different wavelength .
Every color of light has a different wavelength.
Every color of light is equally good for photosynthesis.
Color pages are limited to the first three submissions.
Color pages read stories, and play games.
Color palette is a bit strange.
Color palette is a primary component of design.
Color palette is editable.
Color palette ranges from naturals to hints of deep reds and greens in multi effect.
Color palette works with set and lights.
Color palettes appear to change unintentionally.
Color palettes are limited to browser or optimized colors.
Color palettes establish and maintain a mood consistent with the content.
Color palettes gives sites a sense of identity.
Color pencil is a very clean and easily transported media.
Color perception depends on the physiology of our eye and brain.
Color perception is discussed in detail.
Color perception is human-kinds' extraordinary agent.
Color perception is more accurate and natural than with other sun lenses.
Color perception is the ability to distinguish and interpret different wavelengths of light.
Color perception is yet another factor important to the appraisal and performance of a visual task.
Color perception varies from one color blind person to another.
Color perceptions are visual perceptions.
Color perceptions is one of our five sensations.
Color phases can vary from blonde to black, with brown or cinnamon being the most common.
Color phases consist of black, brown, cinnamon, and blonde.
Color phases differ according to age.
Color phases do occur with red fox, even in the same litters.
Color phases range from block to cinnamon.
Color phases range from grass green to a deep forest green with pale blue sides.
Some color phases have but two small black spots at the tip of the wing covers.
Color photo insert.
Color photos accompany most descriptions.
Color photos accompany most entries, which cover several cats just emerging as recognized breeds.
Color photos add to the attractiveness of the book.
Color photos are a bonus.
Color photos are acceptable for gray scale adds.
Color photos are acceptable upon approval.
Color photos are also available of the bridge and some of the recent construction process.
Color photos are at the expense of the author.
Color photos are available and coming soon to the catalog.
Color photos are available via e-mail.
Color photos are available.
Color photos are fine.
Color photos are on every page.
Color photos are preferable, but black and white shots are fine.
Color photos are preferred.
Color photos are very clear, visually explaining the text.
Color photos are very nice.
Color photos detect smog injury to forest trees.
Color photos exhibit a variety of breeds and characteristic moods.
Color photos go with each project.
Color photos help identify orange rust of brambles.
Color photos illustrate some aspects of book treatments and box types.
Color photos make it easy to identify landmarks.
Color photos provide opportunities for comparison among large and small items.
Color photos show both finished work and works in progress.
Color photos show training techniques and some of the different steps of the tricks.
Color photos taken by satellite are now within reach on the Web.
Color photos welcome.
Color photos work best but black and white photos can be used.
Many color photos turn murky when converted to black and white.
Color photographs accompany each entry.
Color photographs accompany the articles.
Color photographs accompany the instructions.
Color photographs accompany the species descriptions.
Color photographs are acceptable but black and white is preferred.
Color photographs are acceptable.
Color photographs are available for most plants.
Color photographs are especially vulnerable to deterioration.
Color photographs are much preferred.
Color photographs are on almost every page.
Color photographs are particularly susceptible to fading and discoloration.
Color photographs are preferred, but black and white are acceptable.
Color photographs are scant but inviting.
Color photographs are subject to loss of color from UV rays of light.
Color photographs capture the Southwest s romance.
Color photographs catch the eye of a viewer much more than a black and white.
Color photographs compare the rare species with common look-alikes.
Color photographs depict the various scientists at work, their equipment, and imaging techniques.
Color photographs DO duplicate well using a color photocopier.
Color photographs enhance the volume.
Color photographs illustrate differences in the species.
Color photographs illustrate sharpness.
Color photographs illustrate the book.
Color photographs illustrate the procedural directions.
Color photographs invite the viewer to guess how each object pictured is classified.
Color photographs look best when mounted on a grayish backing.
Color photographs look bizarre in such a distingushed journal.
Color photographs make for simple identity and the descriptions include common names and origin.
Color photographs provide a visual representation of the item.
Color photographs provide clarifying detail and make key points understandable to the lay audience.
Color photographs reveal the many kinds of weddings ceremonies that take place around the world.
Color photographs show children spending time together with their grandmothers.
Color photographs show detail.
Color photographs show details.
Color photographs show firewalkers crossing the glowing coals.
Color photographs show the family going about their daily business.
Color photographs show the heat tolerant organisms in their natural environment.
Color photographs show the results of various strobe applications.
Color photographs take up huge bandwidth.
All color photographs are custom printed to exacting standards of color and density.
Most color photographs cover that range.
Most color photographs illustrate sharpness.
Most color photographs show details.
Some color photographs offer insight.
Some color photographs offer unique insight.
Some color photographs show details of the plants.
Color photography adds a great deal to the booklet.
Color photography captures gradations of color and tone that are smooth and natural to the eye.
Color photography illustrates every plant.
Color photography is a hit or miss proposition for many.
Color photography is a relatively recent invention.
Color photography is handled in the department except for processing.
Color photography is reality based.
All color photography is the blending of three basic colors, yellow, magenta and cyan.
Some color photography shows tricks.
Color pickers are tools to compose colors with.
Color pigment is available in basic colors at major outlets.
Color pigments are either organic or inorganic.
Many color pigments cause skin sensitivity and irritation.
Color preference is personal preferrence.
Color preferences are a good example.
Color preferences are often dark shades of reds, purples, and pinks.
Color preferences are the most common.
Color preferences vary according to light conditions.
Color preferences vary according to the color of flour normally available in the region.
Color preferences vary by region.
Color prints are also available.
Color prints are best.
Color prints are c-prints or cibachromes.
Color prints are extra.
Color prints are extremely light sensitive.
Color prints are preferable.
Color prints are preferred, but slides are acceptable.
Color prints are the preferred format for photographs, but slides are acceptable, as well.
Color prints can be glossy or matte surface.
Color prints can be machine or custom processed.
Color prints pose special problems because they are so unstable.
Color printer is needed for print activities.
Color printer is recommended.
Color printers are available in most of the general access computing labs listed above.
Color printers are available in the computer labs.
Color printers are available.
Color printers are cheaper and more popular than ever.
Color printers are significantly more expensive to maintain and administer.
Color printers are slower and more expensive than black and white printers.
Color printers are slower than black and white printers, even when printing only black and white.
Color printers are very expensive.
Color printers are very prevalent especially in the ink-jet technology category.
Color printers can add visual impact to almost any job.
Color printers can capture the faded sepia tone of many old photographs.
Color printers can come very close to the quality of photographs.
Color printers create color by mixing black, cyan, magenta and yellow.
Color printers have a high impact, but print time can be four times longer.
Color printers pose the greatest potential for problems.
Color printers require a fee.
Color printers use the same networking components as their monochrome cousins.
Color printers work much better to produce a more realistic Internet work.
Most color printers have three or four different color cartridges.
Most color printers suck.
Most color printers work on specially designed transparency film.
Color printing adds an additional charge yet to be determined.
Color printing is a dollar per page.
Color printing is also available at a cost per page.
Color printing is also available in selected labs for a nominal fee.
Color printing is also available.
Color printing is available at a central facility, also at no charge.
Color printing is available at a nominal charge.
Color printing is available at some of the labs.
Color printing is available for all platforms and is included in the quota system.
Color printing is available in the Computer Lab.
Color printing is available on request, with the cost assessed to the author.
Color printing is available on-site for a nominal sum.
Color printing is available subject to authors meeting the cost involved.
Color printing is available under certain circumstances.
Color printing is available with a professor s permission.
Color printing is available.
Color printing is expensive, especially for setting up the first couple of pages.
Color printing is fifty cents per page.
Color printing is impressive with pictures.
Color printing is more memory intensive than black and white.
Color printing is necessary to effectively communicate the nutrition message to a lay audience.
Color printing is nonetheless a difficult issue.
Color printing is now affordable.
Color printing is preferred for picture purposes.
Color printing is prepaid from individual or departmental funding.
Color printing is slower.
Color printing is superior to black and white, but use dark-colored text against pale backgrounds.
Color printing is superior, but use dark text against pale backgrounds Visual impact .
Color printing is supported for all workstations with or without color monitors.
Color product is soluble.
Color profiles are a major component of a color management system.
Color psychology goes one step further to assign common meaning or moods to specific colors.
Color ramps are in quantile classification.
Color red is everywhere.
Color reduction is most effective reducing the size of .png and .gif files.
Color rendition describes the effect a light source has on the appearance of colored objects.
Color rendition is fine.
Color rendition is nice, but the picture looks a little grainy in areas.
Color rendition is one of the more artistic aspects of the mosaic.
Color resolution describes the number of colors the monitor can display at one time.
Color resolution is excellent.
Color resolution is the number of bits used to describe the color of one pixel.
Color resolution refers to the number of colors displayed on the screen at one time.
Most color ribbons have difficulty lasting even a full page.
Color samples are true to the photograph.
Color saturation is accurate, with little bleed.
Color saturation is also quite good, considering the difficult lighting.
Color saturation is brilliant.
Color saturation is excellent on the DVD and the image is sharp and very well defined.
Color saturation is excellent, never bleeding or fading.
Color saturation is impressive throughout, providing sharp, vivid images and impenetrable blacks.
Color saturation is intense without distortion.
Color saturation is natural and accurate.
Color saturation is outstanding, with no bleeding or fading.
Color saturation is poor.
Color saturation is pure and strong throughout.
Color saturation is quite good on the DVD and the image reproduces with crisp detail.
Color saturation is very good and the transitions are smooth with adequate detail.
Color saturation is very good, with some wondrous blues, greens, and sandy colors.
Color saturation is very rich giving the video a nice film-like appearance.
Color saturation is vibrant with no hint of smearing.
Color saturation is warm with no bleeding.
Color saturation needs improvement.
Color saturation seems pale.
Color saturation varies between muted and intense.
A color scheme is a combination
Color scheme is a little dark.
Color scheme is a little different too.
Color scheme is also very bright but very appropriate for a vampire theme.
Color scheme is attractive, including strong blues and yellows.
Color scheme is dark tan body and wheels with red pinstriping.
Color scheme is fantastic.
Color scheme is important today.
Color scheme is selected from the color scheme palette.
Color scheme is the same as above.
Color scheme is the same as the real version, but the white robot parts are grey.
Color scheme is weird at top.
Color scheme takes a while to develop, but well worth the wait.
Color schemes are a way of organizing colors.
Color schemes are also important.
Color schemes are bright and cheerful throughout.
Color schemes are bright, materials extremely durable.
Color schemes are combinations.
Color schemes are different.
Color schemes are incredibly simple, too.
Color schemes are rich but restful.
Color schemes are secondary to condition.
Color schemes are, of course, a matter of personal preference.
Color schemes can be warm, cool, or a combination of both.
Color schemes can range from monochromatic to complementary.
Color schemes center around deep reds, intense yellows, greens, terra cotta and blues.
Color schemes Changing color 'schemes' in vim is a bit tricky, especially for newcomers.
Color schemes range from tropical peaches and teals to various forest greens.
All color schemes are web browser-safe colors.
Some color schemes use a different fabric weave that is visible in the swatch picture above.
All color season are good, some just a little better than others.
Color sensitivity improves.
Color separation changes additional, if needed.
Color separation charges additional, if needed.
Color separation principles for printmaking processes.
Color separations are often the most difficult and costly tasks to perform.
Color separations are the responsibility of the advertiser.
Color separations are to be supplied by the advertiser or agency.
Color separations require multiple impressions.
Color side has tug pulling the ship alongside dock.
Color space is a way of displaying individual colors as locations in space.
Color space is also available.
Color space is how color is represented in three dimensions.
Some color spaces can express color in a device-independent way.
Color splash provides curb appeal and improves company image.
Color swatches are available.
Color swatches are best for accuracy.
Color swatches change size to fill the window.
Color symbolism is steeped in history.
Color symbolism varies from culture to culture and from time to time.
Some color systems can toggle between a color mode and a black and white grey scale mode.
Color tables are HTML compliant.
Color television employs color addition.
Color television is available in each sitting room area.
Color television is television
Color temperature describes the warmth or coolness of a light source.
Color temperature is a measure of the relative intensity of all wavelengths in the visible spectrum.
Color temperature is a way of measuring the intensity of light radiating from a light source.
Color temperature is a way of measuring the quality of a light source.
Color temperature is an on-screen adjustment to vary the warmth or coolness of the picture.
Color temperature is controlled by the two variable transformers.
Color temperature is important to photography, but is a secondary consideration to displays.
Color temperature is totally misleading.
Color temperature measures the color of the tube itself.
Color temperature refers to the spectrum of the bulb.
Color temperature remains constant even with a change in light output.
Some color terms occur more often.
Color theory can be so much more than a curriculum requirement.
Color theory is a maior component of the course.
Color theory is difficult to use in practice.
Color theory is discussed, as it is an integral part of textile design.
Color theory is introduced.
Color theory is merely the backdrop.
Color theory is presented and digitally applied.
Color theory is simple.
Color theory resources online. .
All color theory is based on the principle that 'color is light'.
Color therapy is applied to one's clothing, home and office.
Color therapy is based on the ancient art of using color and light to treat disease.
Color therapy is based on the fact that physiologic functions respond to specific colors.
Color therapy is the use of color to treat physical, emotional, mental and spiritual imbalances.
Color therapy makes use of the sense of sight.
Color therapy uses color to bring about certain emotional states.
Color timing is more efficient.
Color tool handles difference in case in colornames.
Color transformation is performed by using the euclidic distance.
Color treatment transcends through the entire thickness of the tile to prevent it from wearing away.
Color triads is a color scheme composed of three colors spaced equally apart on the color wheel.
Color TV are available with each unit for No additional charge.
Color value refers to where it stands on the light to dark scale.
Color values are approximate.
Color values are true primary and secondary hues as much as possible.
Color vision defects after central serous chorioretinopathy.
Color vision depends on our having cones with different spectral sensitivities.
Color vision depends on the ability to discriminate between light of different wavelengths.
Color vision deteriorates.
Color vision illustrates how genes give rise to mental properties.
Color vision is a function of the cones.
Color vision is altered during the suppression phase of binocular rivalry.
Color vision is best in the fovea, and worst at the periphery where rods predominate.
Color vision is due to a visual system that consists of three different classes of cones.
Color vision is frequently abnormal and correlates with the presence of macular edema.
Color vision is less well developed in mammals than in reptiles and birds.
Color vision is made possible by the cone receptors.
Color vision is possible by means of a. rods b.
Color vision is possible only with light levels of sufficient magnitude to activate the cone system.
Color vision is probably also helpful here, to help identify ripe fruit.
Color vision is sight.
Color vision is simply a way of discriminating wavelengths.
Color vision is superb at detecting color variation in and around leaves.
Color vision is the ability to differentiate between colors.
Color vision is usually intact, and color can be used effectively.
Color vision is usually normal in an eye with optic nerve hypoplasia.
Color vision is very well understood, both from a physics and from a biological perspective.
Color vision is vision
Color vision remains normal.
Color wash is wash
Color washes are attractive over any finish, to soften or reduce contrast.
A color wheel is a color chart
Color wheels are helpful in the discussion and selection of colors using any color model.
Color wheels can help gardeners visualize various color harmonies.
Color wheels help artists remember how to mix and think about pigments .
Color wheels help artists remember how to mix and think about pigments.
Color wheels show how visible colors are related.
Color woodcut is proofed and developed.
Color words are cheap.
Color zoning is apparent on some crystals.
Color zoning is common.
Color abounds everywhere, in tiny jewel-like flowers underfoot and in distant mountain rocks.
Color abounds in the gardens, floral bouquets and Autumnal landscapes.
Color abounds year-round.
Color above is a deep indigo shading to a brighter blue on the sides.
Color absorbs heat.
Color acts as a counterpoint to the natural elements of wood, water and stone.
Color additives subject to batch certification are synthetic organic dyes, lakes, or pigments.
Color adds a great deal to the Palm platform.
Color adds a nice little touch to the game that just seems to make it more appealing.
Color adds beauty to our clothing and food.
Color adds high touch to high tech communications.
Color adds impact.
Color adds pizzazz to proposals.
Color adds variety and interest to the menu.
Color adds visual excitement in the landscape, but if used improperly, it can create chaos.
Color adds visual impact and energy, creating atmosphere in any room.
Color adjust each layer to hide the center of the seam.
Color affects a rooms visual proportion.
Color affects consumer assessment of quality, freshness, safety and taste.
Color affects everyone.
Color affects moods.
Color affects our beadwork, emotions and our life.
Color affects our emotions.
Color affects our lives on a daily basis.
Color affects our psychological impression of food.
Color affects people and can act as a symbol.
Color affects people physically, emotionally and psychologically.
Color affects shoppers as well.
Color affects the appearance of size and weight, and often affects a person's feelings.
Color affects the color reproduction of lighter tints.
Color affects the overall appearance of a graphic as well as the detail that the viewer sees.
Color affects the subconscious and influences people especially when it comes to business.
Color affects the surface temperature of the mulch and the underlying soil temperature.
Color affects the way our homes look, and our buying decisions.
Color again is a big statement, the brighter the better.
Color allows a flowering plant to be more specific about the pollinator it seeks to attract.
Color also adds a multimedia dimension, bringing graphically rich games and video to the platform.
Color also affects light penetration and therefore the depth at which plants can grow.
Color also alters our perception of space.
Color also appeals more to learners and increases motivation to read accompanying text.
Color also becomes an expressive, emotional tool.
Color also can be a cause for returns.
Color also can influence mate recognition by females.
Color also communicates mood.
Color also conveys information.
Color also encodes time.
Color also figures prominently in the value of a diamond.
Color also helps define the depth of an image, by adding shades to the objects displayed.
Color also is an important component in private spaces.
Color also is an indication of semen quality.
Color also is hot.
Color also is important, particularly with self-portraits.
Color also is used to identify the different areas.
Color also is vital in setting objects apart from their backgrounds.
Color also makes a big difference.
Color also plays a role in determining personality.
Color also plays an important role in determining a diamonds value.
Color also plays an obvious role in one's first impression of a house.
Color also varies depending on the combination of weather conditions.
Color also varies, but many are brightly colored.
Color appearing in toilet trap signals a leak.
Color appears as a dainty, clear salmon-pink.
Color appears like magic when the white light is turned on.
Color appears on front cover only.
Color are now available in the U.S. and Canada.
Color are the most memory intensive.
Color arises from the way the pigments react with light.
Color arises when a molecule absorbs some portion of the visible spectrum.
Color attracts and holds the attention of the index user better than black and white.
Color attracts attention and enhances the illustration.
Color attracts attention, adds vitality and increases people's willingness to pay attention.
Color attracts attention.
Color attracts attention.
Color attracts readers in many cases.
Color attributes related to the wavelength distribution of light.
Color basically is negated at that point.
Color becomes a detriment when poorly reproduced.
Color becomes a means of differentiating between one figure and another, between figure and ground.
Color becomes a tool of expression, is less monochromatic and more spectral.
Color becomes meaningful.
Color becomes much more important and balance is crucial.
Color becomes pure, direct, deriving from artificial luminous sources.
Color begins to appear and then pigmentation progresses rapidly.
Color begins with light.
Color begins with striping, that fills in to a brilliant red throughout the tree. .
Color being impure- pigment can still be chemically pure individual.
Color bitmapped graphics are scalable.
Color brings a strong, vivid, emotional depth to many subjects.
Color brings in younger readers.
Color brings things to life.
Color broadly refer to linguistic group.
Color calls up the color option in xmgr.
Color can add emphasis.
Color can add interest.
Color can affect balance.
Color can affect our thoughts, moods, actions, and emotions.
Color can also add dimension on a page by creating multiple layers of information for the reader.
Color can also affect moods.
Color can also be slightly different due to glass clarity and die lot.
Color can also call attention to cautionary notes or warnings.
Color can also differ between sexes or ages within a species.
Color can also elicit aggression.
Color can also express attitude.
Color can also indicate a wine's age.
Color can also make a graph or chart easier to understand.
Color can also make a room feel large or small.
Color can also tie a display together and create a pleasant view.
Color can alter the proportions of a room.
Color can alter the way a room looks and feels.
Color can always brighten old furniture.
Color can appear washed out at times.
Color can arrange it.
Color can be a clue to minerals.
Color can be a great enhancement but don t use all the colors of the rainbow.
Color can be a great way to draw the user's attention to a particular point of interest.
Color can be a misleading characteristic of a mineral.
Color can be a poor indicator of actual ancestry.
Color can be a powerful visual tool.
Color can be a real time saver.
Color can be an effective tool in conveying complex graphs and photographs.
Color can be an effective visual cue.
Color can be another strike against a shelter dog.
Color can be bronze to burnt copper.
Color can be compelling or it can be confusing background noise and visual clutter.
Color can be copper to dark brown.
Color can be critical at times.
Color can be deep amber to black.
Color can be deep amber to brown.
Color can be integral with material as well as plated, painted, and hot stamped.
Color can be integral with material.
Color can be invaluable, especially for displaying complex data, but it can also be distracting.
Color can be misleading.
Color can be pale or dark.
Color can be powdered pigments, poster colors or tube watercolor.
Color can be red to pale green, depending on light, temperature and soil.
Color can be reddish brown and benefit fromg a good aging time.
Color can be seductive.
Color can be so exciting and exhilarating.
Color can be subtle.
Color can be the difference between yes and no, profit and loss, success and failure.
Color can be the most beneficial in identification, and also the most unreliable of the properties.
Color can be very deductive.
Color can be very powerful if one stops looking for faces or objects in a painting.
Color can be very useful for adding to the readability of pages.
Color can bring parts of a campus to life.
Color can change the amount of light and heat that are absorbed.
Color can change the entire mood of a room.
Color can code information .
Color can convey warmth, weight, etc.
Color can create a dramatic effect as well.
Color can create a dynamic display.
Color can create a mood or an emotional response.
Color can create a mood, accentuate architectural assets and hide flaws.
Color can create or confuse a composition.
Color can definitely affect mood.
Color can delineate space and help to code an area for future reference.
Color can depend on honey variety.
Color can differ with wood grain variations and stain lots.
Color can dramatically increase the impact of any scrapbook page.
Color can effect the tone or mood of a room dramatically.
Color can effectively assist in distinguishing graphic cues.
Color can effectively get a message across.
Color can either clash or match.
Color can entice, frighten, persuade, sell, and even inspire.
Color can establish a focal point or create interest where there is none.
Color can even hide, reshape, or accentuate the appearance of the body's shape.
Color can express emotion, it can describe our moods and feelings.
Color can have a strong emotional and psychological impact on the reader.
Color can have more impact on the landscape than any other design element.
Color can help organize space by giving emphasis to an area of the room or a furniture grouping.
Color can induce all sorts of responses.
Color can make a big difference to a room.
Color can make a big difference.
Color can make a difference as well.
Color can make a difference.
Color can make a square room seem less so by making one wall lighter than are the other walls.
Color can make distinctions and associations .
Color can make the difference between buying and selling.
Color can play a critical role in how a car looks.
Color can play a part.
Color can play a very important role in design.
Color can play an important role in logo design.
Color can provide instant recognition of value by the customer.
Color can range from a brilliant pink to an olive drab.
Color can range from a dark, rich lustrous green to a downy light gray.
Color can range from a light mint green to dark olive and deep, glossy green.
Color can range from copper-brown to dark brown.
Color can range from light brown to dark brown, they have no stinger - but can bite.
Color can range from light orange to deep red.
Color can range from orange to fire-engine red.
Color can range from pale to dark, but all have a rich sweet flavor.
Color can range from red to chocolate, milk-white to mauve, clearest blue to deepest royal purple.
Color can reduce expenses by making employees more efficient.
Color can ruin some web sites.
Color can serve as camouflage, a warning to other animals, or a way of reflecting or absorbing heat.
Color can serve to immediately prejudice a response in a viewer.
Color can set the tone, emphasize the emotional state of a character, or establish the time of day.
Color can soothe or invigorate, make a large room feel cozy or make a small room look larger.
Color can suffers from being too close to nature.
Color can sway thinking, change actions and cause reactions.
Color can sway thinking, change actions, and cause reactions.
Color can vary and there are named cultivars.
Color can vary from blond to a russet that resembles autumn leaves.
Color can vary from creamy yellow to pale or dark green.
Color can vary from dark to a light, translucent gray.
Color can vary from whitish to dark brown.
Color can vary greatly between different populations, ages, and individuals.
Color can vary in a bushing set due to changes in formulations for specific locations.
Color captures attention.
Color carries much of the expressive baggage.
Color carries visual meaning, it directs attention, it can emphasize or obscure features.
Color cassettes available at extra cost.
Color catches students attention and sparks their interest.
Color causes physiological responses that can affect vision, hearing, respiration and circulation.
Color certainly makes a difference.
Color changes from green to yellow.
Color changes from orange to green.
Color changes from top to bottom within a bar are changes over that time period.
Color changes it.
Color changes on the strips indicate the chemical content of the urine.
Color changes over time.
Color changes the temperature of a room and has a definite affect on our moods.
Color changes to a rich brown as the wood matures.
Color changes with angle of viewing and types of light.
Color changes with angle.
Color changes with the application of voltage are visible through the transparent electrode.
Color chart a chart used to compare against the color on the test strip for blood sugar level.
Color choose from white or color rope.
Color code the atom, using a different color for protons, neutrons, and electrons.
Color code the teams or the players by balloon colors if possible.
Color coded systems are practical for all types and sizes of businesses.
Color coding a straight numeric file is somewhat dependent upon the total number of files.
Color coding the labels by section is a good idea.
Color coding the power wiring to match the connectors is useful.
Color coding the providers by specialty reveals a pattern in the map.
Color coding The table below shows the volume data sets for some Z slices.
Color coding to designate different storage and work areas can be more effective than words.
Color comes from a set of colored lead art pencils.
Color comes from backgound.
Color comes from cells full of pigment known as chromatophores .
Color comes from chlorophyll.
Color comes from inorganic pigment.
Color comes from markers or paints blown with air.
Color comes from organs full of pigment cells known as chromatophores .
Color comes from pigment.
Color comes from the visible spectrum of light.
Color comes in different dark colors.
Color comes in the guise of berries in reds, yellows, whites, purples and blues.
Color comes through.
Color comes to the flesh and clothes of the townspeople, one by one.
Color comes to the Palm.
Color comes up quickly, minimizing wasted sheets.
Color commands attention and gets better results.
Color confounds contour with exciting results.
Color consists of a dark egg with a lighter olive toned mottling.
Color contain throughout some red meat auctions.
Color continues to be good and further red color development is favored by cooler nights.
Color contours correspond to peak ground accelerations.
Color contours permit human eyes to analyze distance and depth better.
Color conveys more optical weight than black and white.
Color coordinate socks with black polished shoes are definitely recommended.
Color coordinate the holiday wrapping to set mood.
Color coordinate the two and make a fashion statement.
Color corresponds to amplitude at the corresponding time and frequency.
Color corresponds to beak color.
Color corresponds to temperature, increasing from violet to red.
Color corresponds to temperature.
Color costs money.
Color costs no more than black and white.
Color counts, too.
Color cover illustration with illustrated frontispiece.
Color cover stocks and additional applied ink colors are available at additional cost.
Color covers and color art thruout.
Color covers, front and back.
Color creates recognition, provides ambiance, and improves comprehension.
Color darkens worms so they are closer to natural fish food colors.
Color deepens somewhat in hot sun, but the form holds.
Color depends largely on water temperature.
Color depends on factors.
Color depends on genetic factors.
Color depends on habitats.
Color depends on honey type.
Color depends on light.
Color depends on materials.
Color depends on melanin content in skin.
Color depends on the amount of work that a muscle has to perform.
Color depends on the angler and fish.
Color depends on the angler and the fish.
Color depends on the species, individual variation and food.
Color depends on types.
Color depends on water clarity.
Color depends on what the bride wants.
Color depends upon coat color.
Color depends upon cool temperatures or chemically removing green from the peel.
Color depends upon vibration, the rapidity of the rate and wavelength.
Color depicts the magnitude.
Color depicts the peak magnitude of ground displacement.
Color describes the amount of color the diamond contains.
Color designates where significant temperature increases occur.
Color determines the colour of the enclosed text.
Color develops if antibodies are present.
Color develops immediately after addition of substrate.
Color differentiates the protected and unprotected areas.
Color disappears at a very shallow depths until light is applied.
Color does add something special.
Color does all that and more.
Color does make a difference in so many products.
Color does make a difference.
Color does play an important role in energy conservation.
Color does the same thing, but light is instantaneous.
Color downspouts same color as house.
Color drains from the cheeks.
Color draws new attention to the style and sophistication of the modern tie.
Color draws the viewer emotionally into the work.
Color edges in the orbits window so that it is easier to see individual orbits.
Color elicits different responses in many people.
Color emphasizes information and improves comprehension.
Color enamel on pewter.
Color enhancers The beautiful colors of fish add to the enjoyment of keeping tropical fish.
Color enhances the book.
Color enter one teen anger within chicken.
Color evokes different emotional responses.
Color evokes emotion and action.
Color evokes emotion, affects spatial relationships and can even imply perspective.
Color exercises in gouache during class.
Color exists only in conscious minds.
Color exists only in our minds.
Color explodes on to the soldier's uniform.
Color explores racial and ethnic language.
Color expresses energy and emotion as well as establishing space and defining form.
Color extends  java.lang.
Color extends java.lang.
Color filled is recommended on silver and gold pen when laser engraved.
Color fills a cell or cells with the chosen color.
Color fills every edge and corner indifferently.
Color filters Five color photographic filters.
Color focuses attention.
Color generally light to dark red.
Color gets redder and redder in transition zone.
Color gives a lighter look in shirts, shorts, skirts and pants.
Color gives an indication of the fibers' ability to accept dyes in the manufacturing process.
Color gives interiors spirit and vitality.
Color gives the indication that the hay was cured under good conditions.
Color glides on the canvas with just a touch of the brush.
Color goes through each panel.
Color goes with color, form goes with form, motor information with motor information.
Color grades from olive green base to pale pink termination with colorless center.
Color gradually lightens as the animal ages and periodically molts.
Color has almost an emotional quality, yet it is difficult to describe in simple language.
Color has characteristics.
Color has darkness.
Color has effects.
Color has highest impact, but print time can be real slow.
Color has highest impact, but print time can be slow.
Color has impact on reading, comprehension, learning and promoting ideas.
Color has impact.
Color has light.
Color has moderate shades and contrasts with bright red stocking.
Color has nothing to do with anything.
Color has nothing to do with it, and glasses and contact lenses present no obstacle.
Color has nothing to do with it.
Color has nothing to do with that.
Color has radiant or glowing quality.
Color has subtle influences and each one vibrates at a different frequency.
Color has wave length.
Color head a light pink.
Color help session sign is made.
Color helps discriminate between objects and various surface properties.
Color helps flower plants.
Color helps focus the reader's attention on the most important part of the message.
Color helps illustrate class hierarchies and relationships.
Color helps in many ways, to distinguish one thing from another, and just to enhance visibility.
Color helps plants.
Color helps separate the important from the unimportant.
Color helps some, ear color helps a bit.
Color helps to add interest to a slide and attract attention to the key word or phrase.
Color here is very approximate.
Color here seems to be gray.
Color hides dirt well.
Color holds all season.
Color holds best if grown in more light.
Color holds well in full sun.
Color holds well until fall.
Color holds well.
Color however Ice clothe a salary above all quiet wolverines merchandises.
Color identifies the educational handicap label given.
Color impacts our mood, our appetite, our energy level.
Color improves object recognition in normal and low vision.
Color improves recognition.
Color includes black, greenish-black or green.
Color indicates activity on that carbon source.
Color indicates amount of movement during buckling.
Color indicates coated surface.
Color indicates depth.
Color indicates gas density, with blue for the lowest densities and red for the highest densities.
Color indicates gas density.
Color indicates gender as well as rank.
Color indicates how close the projectile came to the target.
Color indicates magnitude of flow density in an engine combustor.
Color indicates number of hops from irc.snoogans.org.
Color indicates rainfall intensity, increasing from light blue to pink.
Color indicates ratio of stretching to bending energy.
Color indicates status.
Color indicates stress regime.
Color indicates surface texture and reflectance.
Color indicates temperature in units of melting temperature.
Color indicates the color of the lines.
Color indicates the offset paths.
Color indicates the passage of time during the assay.
Color indicates vector magnitude.
Color indicates when bird is most often seen.
Color influences image and attitude and boosts in-depth reading.
Color influences our emotions and actions.
Color intensifies in larger areas.
Color intensifies with age.
Color intensifies with each layer.
Color internegatives from slides are available for customers needing a color print.
Color interpretting cells are in between columns.
Color is a beige southwestern pattern.
Color is a big deal to people.
Color is a big part of quiltmaking.
Color is a bit more straightforward.
Color is a bit more tricky for the moment.
Color is a bit murky violet-red.
Color is a brassy golden yellow.
Color is a bright blue.
Color is a bright emerald green or dark green to almost black.
Color is a bright green.
Color is a bright lead gray, blue gray to gray black.
Color is a bright metallic silver white.
Color is a bright scarlet red to reddish orange.
Color is a cheery yellow with a waxy sheen very much resembling a buttercup bloom.
Color is a clue to a wine's age.
Color is a combination of program name and time since the program last ran.
Color is a common feature among birds, most of which can see color, for purposes of breeding.
Color is a common feature of the transition metal ions.
Color is a complex and multi-faceted problem in itself, but there are a few simple guidelines.
Color is a critical indicator of colloidal silver quality.
Color is a dark grayish or greenish-brown and dark green.
Color is a dark lead gray.
Color is a dark natural brown.
Color is a dark pink coral.
Color is a dark pink to light red.
Color is a dark sky blue in crystals and a paler blue in massive veins.
Color is a dead giveaway.
Color is a deep and rich brown, with a fine old patina.
Color is a deep brown.
Color is a deep ruby red, and plants are large and productive.
Color is a defining principle of place.
Color is a definite plus.
Color is a desirable but secondary consideration.
Color is a distinction of visible light only.
Color is a dull emerald green with purple blotches between the veins.
Color is a dynamic, attractive red with a great flavor to match.
Color is a familiar example.
Color is a few dollars more than black and white and well worth the extra money.
Color is a fickle jade.
Color is a form of energy.
Color is a function of distance from the origin.
Color is a function of light.
Color is a glossy green.
Color is a good clue to nutrient content.
Color is a good grape purple with the hint of a dark eye zone.
Color is a good indicator of proper lagoon function.
Color is a good indicator of the age of a wine.
Color is a good sign of flavanoid content in foods.
Color is a gorgeous bright red and yield is impressive.
Color is a great tool to help make fine hair look thicker and healthier.
Color is a great way to add occasional emphasis and there are many colors from which to choose.
Color is a helpful character with one qualification.
Color is a highly charged characteristic in our culture now and historically.
Color is a key driver of value.
Color is a key feature used in the identification and classification of soils.
Color is a key part to making several different outfits.
Color is a key way that restaurants manipulate the eating experience.
Color is a lavender blending to a large cream throat.
Color is a lead gray to black.
Color is a light beige.
Color is a light green, which darkens as the summer progresses, then turns orange and red.
Color is a light, tawny brown which can appear gray or almost black, depending on light conditions.
Color is a little off in our photo.
Color is a lustrous golden brown color.
Color is a magical element that gives feeling and emotion to art and design.
Color is a major component in GUIs.
Color is a major factor in making rooms appear cozy or spacious.
Color is a major part of pictures too, serving to layer meaning on top of meaning.
Color is a matter of fancy, but the dark blue-gray is most preferred.
Color is a matter of indifference.
Color is a matter of perception and so is fashion.
Color is a matter of personal preference.
Color is a medium blonde with streaks of pale blue.
Color is a mixed tan, white and orange that gives a marbleized effect.
Color is a mixture of Titanium White and Magenta.
Color is a moment.
Color is a more attractive and affordable option.
Color is a most useful indicator for hydric mineral soil.
Color is a mottled reddish-brown.
Color is a natural wonder for all to enjoy.
Color is a near match.
Color is a neural sensation.
Color is a neutral creme. .
Color is a newer technology.
Color is a nice deep red and flavor is very good.
Color is a nice, dark brown.
Color is a pale green to apple green.
Color is a pale whitish yellow to a light honey color.
Color is a part of the human vision system.
Color is a particular good example of memory's low resolution.
Color is a particular problem with imagemaps in which clickable areas are delineated by color.
Color is a permanent fixture of our lives, and what a blessing the permanence of color is.
Color is a personal choice.
Color is a physiological response of our brains to light of different wavelengths.
Color is a pleasant dark green and the flavor of the meaty leaves is excellent.
Color is a pointer to the array of colors to fill in.
Color is a popular trend in many breeds.
Color is a powerful decorating tool.
Color is a powerful design element that draws attention to the layout.
Color is a powerful force in our lives, especially for artists.
Color is a powerful medium.
Color is a predominant culinary consideration.
Color is a property of light and matter, but it is also a part of human vision.
Color is a property of matter.
Color is a property that describes itself.
Color is a property with three sub-elements.
Color is a property
Color is a quiet combination of gray and green.
Color is a radiating energy and can have a physical and well as psychological influence on humans.
Color is a result of dye penetration into the coating.
Color is a result of the interaction of light with matter.
Color is a rich brown tortoise.
Color is a rich burnt orange, and the petals develop some fringe when the plant s established.
Color is a secondary quality.
Color is a sensation, a physiological phenomenon.
Color is a sensation, existing only in our minds.
Color is a significant aspect of a flower's consciousness.
Color is a silvery white, sometimes with dark blotches or patterns.
Color is a silvery with reddish tint.
Color is a slightly glossy, yellowish to reddish brown.
Color is a soft peachy red.
Color is a soft pink.
Color is a soft white, occasionally with pink flushing or aging to pink.
Color is a special problem when viewing online.
Color is a striking metallic gray.
Color is a strong cue of segmentation.
Color is a strong guide for our attention and understanding.
Color is a telltale sign of surface temperature.
Color is a term used for a particular part of the description of the appearance of an object.
Color is a unique light blue for crusts and a deep blue in microcrystals.
Color is a very common way to try to identify a mineral.
Color is a very complex element to deal with.
Color is a very good indicator of quality.
Color is a very important aspect to the feelings of natural beauty and serenity.
Color is a very important consideration in presentation of spinnerbaits.
Color is a very important part of the description of mudrock.
Color is a very important tool in web page creation.
Color is a very pale shade of pink.
Color is a very positive and powerful aspect of the world today.
Color is a very powerful thing, used symbolically or otherwise.
Color is a very subjective matter.
Color is a very valuable tool in graphics visualization.
Color is a vibrant sun fast red with a vivid green throat.
Color is a vital element in the suggestive power of suiseki.
Color is a warm slightly coppery black.
Color is a warm, faded saddle brown.
Color is a yellowish cream.
Color is a yellowish green.
Color is above average with some staining but overall it is a good looking pen.
Color is absolutely everywhere.
Color is absorbed by and reflected off of media.
Color is acceptable when done tastefully and within limits.
Color is acceptable, as long as the image is sharp, with good contrast.
Color is accurate and well saturated.
Color is achieved by using filters on the microcope's illuminators.
Color is achieved in only a few sheets, reducing paper waste significantly.
Color is achieved through selective doping of pixel sites in the luminescence layer.
Color is actual factory color.
Color is added after the paste is the desired consistancy.
Color is added and then the potato is stamped onto paper.
Color is added at time of recording by computer.
Color is added before the material is turned into fiber, making olefin colorfast.
Color is added by specifying a value to an attribute of a command.
Color is added in the manufacturing process in the form of pigment.
Color is added to the face and hair using the airbrush in a freehand manner.
Color is added variable by variable.
Color is added with annuals such as begonias and geraniums.
Color is adjustable.
Color is affected by culture and by physical reactions to color.
Color is affected by food colors, blood, chemicals, disease, and medications.
Color is again in a stonewashed finish.
Color is air-brushed or painted on using underglazes and a clear overglaze.
Color is all-important.
Color is almost a religion here.
Color is almost always black to dark green.
Color is almost everything in Opals.
Color is also an important indicator.
Color is also an option.
Color is also different.
Color is also exceptional.
Color is also important for emphasizing the most important parts of our page.
Color is also important in healthcare design.
Color is also important to Chantry Brewer.
Color is also important.
Color is also of major importance in making a room come alive.
Color is also one of the big reasons that attract people to minerals.
Color is also optional.
Color is also part of the kilning process.
Color is also present in the attunement process, with different colors being used at each level.
Color is also the most important value factor when dealing with colored stones.
Color is also the primary means used to identify links.
Color is also useful for manipulating attention.
Color is also variable from frog to frog, including tan, reddish, gray, brown, black or green.
Color is always a good place to start.
Color is always a predominant element of our work.
Color is always an issue.
Color is always effective.
Color is always important.
Color is always more intense when seem with the naked eye than with any lens.
Color is amber to deep copper or light brown.
Color is amber to red.
Color is amber yellow to orange.
Color is amber.
Color is among the things which differ most frequently between browsers, platforms, and monitors.
Color is an accessory.
Color is an accurate representation of the original theatrical production.
Color is an adaption also.
Color is an added bonus.
Color is an added dimension that brings analysis and design to a new level.
Color is an allegory about the sacredness of life.
Color is an amber yellow or brown.
Color is an attractive deep red and shape is a hefty deep oblate.
Color is an awareness of sorts, with great potential for rewarding the aware.
Color is an easily available category.
Color is an efflux of shapes, commensurate and perceptible to sight.
Color is an element of design that has many functions.
Color is an element which unifies and harmonizes.
Color is an elusive thing as far as soap is concerned.
Color is an especially important concern.
Color is an especially powerful lure.
Color is an essential element in any Web site.
Color is an essential element of every woman's outfit.
Color is an experience in our minds.
Color is an expressive element because it affects our emotions.
Color is an illusive thing as far as soap is concerned.
Color is an important aspect of art and of life.
Color is an important aspect of the graphic identity.
Color is an important business driver and increases profits for companies that use it well.
Color is an important communication tool when used carefully on web pages and in programs.
Color is an important component influencing the appearance of an object in an image.
Color is an important component of garden design.
Color is an important element.
Color is an important factor to beauty, rarity and value.
Color is an important feature in some minerals, such as fluorite, pyrite, and galena.
Color is an important issue.
Color is an important part of any quilt.
Color is an important property of foods that adds to our enjoyment of eating.
Color is an important selling point for beer.
Color is an index into an internal table of rgb colors.
Color is an integral part of the tile which makes painting unnecessary.
Color is an intensive property.
Color is an interesting and complex subject.
Color is an intrinsic element to all formal considerations, but it is also the most mysterious.
Color is an iron black to dark gray.
Color is analyzed by prisms and photoelectric cells.
Color is another consideration in working with the wall displays.
Color is another driver.
Color is another element that can create mood.
Color is another feature on human faces.
Color is another marker of festivity.
Color is another matter again.
Color is another plus.
Color is another qualitative way of describing light.
Color is another thing to look for.
Color is apparent in some.
Color is appearances.
Color is apple green to emerald green.
Color is applied but, being repelled by water, sticks only to the greasy lines.
Color is applied by paint instead of powdered glass.
Color is applied taking care to match prior day's colors, tones and hues.
Color is applied using proven auto manufacturing material and specifications.
Color is applied with size.
Color is applied with the idea of symmetry in color as well.
Color is appreciated by persons doing activities like craftwork, painting, or viewing photographs.
Color is as described above.
Color is as important as words and there are no substitutes for color.
Color is as much a symbol as is the imagery in a dream.
Color is as picture except the word butter appears much better then what the photo shows.
Color is as seen here.
Color is ash gray with four color logo on front.
Color is assigned according to u parameter.
Color is assigned according to v parameter.
Color is attractive, and spike well arranged.
Color is available at an additional cost.
Color is available at no additional charge.
Color is available for an extra charge.
Color is available for back cover only.
Color is available for special promotions.
Color is available on a limited basis.
Color is available on selected pages in all sections.
Color is available only to paid registrants.
Color is available upon request.
Color is available, as well as fade in and fade out.
Color is available.
Color is azure, deep blue or pale blue if found in small crystals or crusts.
Color is back in the way of burgundy, rose, soft fuschia.
Color is back, too.
Color is back.
Color is bad in programs.
Color is bay, dark bay or red, occasionally grayish or grey.
Color is beige.
Color is best in light shade.
Color is best in spring and fall due to shorter day length.
Color is best.
Color is better than black and white.
Color is better.
Color is big business, and much research goes into the chemistry of color.
Color is black and gray.
Color is black and lime.
Color is black and red with black webbing.
Color is black and semi-glossy.
Color is black and several models are also available in camo.
Color is black and tan with well-defined markings.
Color is black and white, with all proportions from totally black to pure white.
Color is black and white.
Color is black and yellow with embroidered logo.
Color is black as shown.
Color is black metallic dark blue changing through yellow to silver on the belly.
Color is black only.
Color is black or gray.
Color is black silver.
Color is black to brown and yellow with weathering.
Color is black to dark brown or yellowish brown in smaller crystals.
Color is black to gray.
Color is black to reddish black.
Color is black to steel gray to silver.
Color is black to steel gray.
Color is black with a red bill.
Color is black with a shiny silver wet look.
Color is black with a shiny wet look.
Color is black with a tinge of yellow, brown or green.
Color is black with a tint of yellow, brown or green.
Color is black with black trim.
Color is black with black webbing and gray accent panels.
Color is black with black webbing.
Color is black with distinct white markings on the head, neck, chest, abdomen and legs.
Color is black with olive webbing.
Color is black with white bones.
Color is black, green to brown.
Color is black, greenish black, dark green and dark brown.
Color is black, logos are embroidered left front chest.
Color is black, preferrably with a dull or slight brownish cast.
Color is black, smooth and glossy.
Color is black.
Color is blue and black.
Color is blue and tan.
Color is blue denim body with khaki sleeves.
Color is blue lead gray to gray.
Color is blue only.
Color is blue or black.
Color is blue usually but also can be white, gray or green.
Color is Blue with black trim.
Color is blue, deep blue, greenish blue or green.
Color is blue, white, colorless or pink.
Color is blue.
Color is Blue.
Color is blue-green to green.
Color is blue-green to light green.
Color is blue-green.
Color is both an art and a science.
Color is both simple and complex.
Color is brass yellow.
Color is brassy yellow .
Color is brassy yellow with a greenish tint at times.
Color is brassy yellow, tarnishes to irredescent blues, greens, yellows and purples.
Color is brassy yellow.
Color is brass-yellow, sometimes with iridescence.
Color is bright and rich in the day scenes.
Color is bright orange.
Color is bright pink surrounding golden stamens.
Color is bright pink.
Color is bright plumb metallic.
Color is bright silvery metalic.
Color is bright straw yellow to brown-yellow or brown.
Color is bright yellow to sulfur yellow.
Color is bright yellow.
Color is brilliant blue with violet or greenish tints.
Color is brilliant crimson of even tone and silky luster.
Color is brilliant.
Color is bronze yellow or dark brown to pink.
Color is bronze yellow to golden yellow.
Color is bronze.
Color is brown and yellow.
Color is brown, blue, amber, or any variation or combination including flecks and marbling.
Color is brown, dark green, yellow-brown or black.
Color is brown, red, yellow, green, blue, black, and colorless.
Color is brown, reddish brown, yellow and light to dark green.
Color is brown, tan, yellow, greenish-yellow, pink to lavender.
Color is brownish above, silvery below.
Color is brownish black to a deep dark black.
Color is brownish gray to dark brown.
Color is brownish-gray mixed with black on top, lighter brown on sides, throat, and belly.
Color is buff to beige due to covering of hairs from the female, fading with age to dirty white.
Color is caramel.
Color is central.
Color is changed by entering a six digit color code in the tag.
Color is changed to black.
Color is characteristic, pale yellowish green, sometimes waxy.
Color is characterized by the axial component of the polymer stress tensor.
Color is charcoal grey.
Color is cheaper on the web.
Color is cheaper to use on the web, for example.
Color is clean.
Color is clear or white to yellowish, but can also be black or purple.
Color is clear or white.
Color is clear purple.
Color is clear, white and yellow .
Color is clear, white or gray, with greenish, yellowish and reddish tints possible.
Color is clear, white or gray, with yellowish and reddish tints possible.
Color is clear, white, pink, yellowish and reddish.
Color is clear, white, pink, yellowish, reddish and brown.
Color is clear, white, yellowish and reddish.
Color is clear, yellow, orange, red, blue and green.
Color is clearly an important component of our lives.
Color is close to reality.
Color is cobalt blue with light colored veins running through the glaze.
Color is cocoa brown over dark brown.
Color is coded to the radial velocity of the gas.
Color is coffee with cream and transparent green bakelite.
Color is color.
Color is colorless and pale white, red, green, yellow or brown.
Color is colorless and white.
Color is colorless or white, sometimes tinted red, blue or yellow.
Color is colorless or white.
Color is colorless to pale beige.
Color is colorless to pure white, with pale violet surfaces on larger aggregates.
Color is colorless to white or gray and also with pale tints of yellow.
Color is colorless to white.
Color is colorless to yellowish.
Color is colorless, gray to pink or rose.
Color is colorless, tan, brown to silvery.
Color is colorless, white and yellowish.
Color is colorless, white or gray.
Color is colorless, white or pale green.
Color is colorless, white or stained yellow to brown by limonite.
Color is colorless, white or yellowish.
Color is colorless, white to off-white, yellow or gray.
Color is colorless, white to pale yellow.
Color is colorless, white with pale shades of pink and green.
Color is colorless, white, amber or brownish.
Color is colorless, white, bluish, greenish, yellow, brown, pink, silvery to pearly white.
Color is colorless, white, brown or gray.
Color is colorless, white, gray, green, pink, yellow, red, brown and black.
Color is colorless, white, green, blue, yellow and brown.
Color is colorless, white, pale green or yellow.
Color is colorless, white, pale violet to lavender.
Color is colorless, white, pink and reddish.
Color is colorless, white, sky blue, pale sea green, yellow and gray.
Color is colorless, white, yellow or brown.
Color is colorless, white, yellow, pink and red.
Color is colorless, white, yellow, reddish or gray.
Color is colorless, yellow, orange, green, red, grey and black.
Color is colorless.
Color is commonly a lilac brown but also yellow, yellow-orange, gray, pale blue and even black.
Color is commonly black but can be brown to brownish violet if translucent.
Color is commonly green but also known to be blue, yellow, brown or gray.
Color is commonly green or white.
Color is commonly reddish-brown to yellow.
Color is commonly yellow, but also brown, reddish brown and red.
Color is comparable to natural lapis.
Color is compared to charts that show acceptable chip colors.
Color is completely unique.
Color is considerably more expensive.
Color is considered only a decorative accessory.
Color is consistent across each sign and from sign to sign.
Color is consistent throughout material.
Color is copper colored with weathered specimens tarnished green.
Color is copper-red to pink.
Color is coral pink, more pink than coral.
Color is cream with white.
Color is creamy white to light yellow or grayish-brown.
Color is created as part of the basic raw materials.
Color is created by reflected light.
Color is dainty, and bloom is of good size.
Color is dark amber to dark brown with low hops leaving the entire emphasis on malt.
Color is dark azure-blue to a bright indigo blue or even a pale sky blue.
Color is dark azure-blue.
Color is dark black, iron-black to dark brown or even reddish brown.
Color is dark blackish brown on top, lighter on the sides, even lighter underneath.
Color is dark blue with white striping.
Color is dark blue with yellow graphics.
Color is dark bluish gray to brown above changing abruptly to white below.
Color is dark brown and comes with adapter sleeves to accomodate various pole diameters.
Color is dark brown or black.
Color is dark brown to black and the head is concealed from above.
Color is dark brown to gray.
Color is dark brown to greenish black.
Color is dark brown with fine, closely spaced, black veins and fine white lines.
Color is dark brown, streaked and mottled with tawny buff and black.
Color is dark brown.
Color is dark dark forest green.
Color is dark emerald to olive green.
Color is dark forest green.
Color is dark gray or brown with ill-defined markings.
Color is dark gray to black.
Color is dark gray.
Color is dark green to blue green or less commonly brown, gray and black.
Color is dark green to gray, black.
Color is dark green.
Color is dark midnight blue, very lustrous.
Color is dark olive-green, yellow, brown or red.
Color is dark pithchy to velvety black to dark brown.
Color is dark reddish brown to brownish yellow.
Color is dark reddish brown.
Color is dark royal blue.
Color is dark, rich yellow, overspread with cinnamon russet.
Color is darker in hot weather, and fruit seems to set well even in the heat.
Color is deep and shows up well on video or film.
Color is deep blue almost black to a lighter indigo blue.
Color is deep blue to a more rare, blue-green.
Color is deep blue with brick and black trim.
Color is deep brown, almost black.
Color is deep burgundy with embroidered five color Mad River logo.
Color is deep golden to straw yellow.
Color is deep green.
Color is deep orange, silky white exterior and light pink interior.
Color is deep red both inside and out.
Color is deep reddish brown.
Color is default whenever testing of the text occurrs.
Color is defined by bits .
Color is defined in the java.awt package .
Color is defined in the java.awt package.
Color is definitely a personal preference.
Color is definitely a seller, especially in the automotive market.
Color is dependent on coat color.
Color is dependent on customer choice of color and finish.
Color is described in scientific terms by using color models.
Color is described in terms of tone and hue.
Color is designated by a letter grade.
Color is determined at a single locus.
Color is determined by availability.
Color is determined by how strongly a group of cones are stimulated.
Color is determined by the bit depth of both the graphic and the monitor.
Color is determined first by frequency.
Color is difficult to define.
Color is diluted to make the landscapes appear even more bleak.
Color is discussed on other pages .
Color is displaced, or 'smudged' from the place where the pointer is clicked.
Color is distinct.
Color is distorted by a real lack of control.
Color is dull gray or tan with whitist underside.
Color is easy too.
Color is easy, of course.
Color is ecru.
Color is either solid black or liver.
Color is electromagnetic energy and affects the hypothalmus gland.
Color is emblems.
Color is emerald green and yellow-green.
Color is emotional it evokes our feelings.
Color is encouraged.
Color is energy vibrating at different frequencies.
Color is energy, it is light.
Color is energy, just as perfect light is energy.
Color is energy.
Color is equally problematic.
Color is equivalent to cut when it comes to being fashion forward.
Color is essential in the makeup of an individual salmon.
Color is even and vibrant.
Color is everything.
Color is everywhere and it is fabulous.
Color is everywhere.
Color is examined in relationship to observed hue, value, and intensity.
Color is excellent and eating quality is very good.
Color is excellent and the texture is very firm.
Color is excellent especially inside the submarines.
Color is excellent.
Color is excluded.
Color is expensive.
Color is extremely important.
Color is extremely variable and the fish darken and lighten rapidly depending on substrate.
Color is extremely variable, with light and dark forms in both species.
Color is exuberant and is based on the concept of kids being kids.
Color is factory correct silver with blue pin stripe.
Color is faded or poor.
Color is fair to good.
Color is fair with lots of pinks and reds showing in fields left to harvest.
Color is fair with small to medium sizes available.
Color is fair.
Color is fairly accurate.
Color is fairly uniform among spores in a given population.
Color is fairly uniform among spores in a population.
Color is fairly uniform dark red-orange.
Color is fine, but black and white reproduces best.
Color is fine.
Color is flags.
Color is flawless, tightly bound in ever scene.
Color is flourescent green and orange.
Color is fluorescent orange.
Color is for dance level by month.
Color is forest green and has a nice pattern.
Color is forever.
Color is frequency of light.
Color is from a continuously profiling downcast.
Color is from background.
Color is from curvature information, using the black-body radiation spectrum.
Color is from foliage.
Color is from iron.
Color is from original.
Color is full of nuances.
Color is fun, but the basic black and white still make a statement.
Color is fundamental to almost all aspects of Multimedia.
Color is fundamental to the symbolic system of the quipu.
Color is funny because it runs like clothing.
Color is generally a mixture of grey and brown.
Color is generally between a white and light brown shade.
Color is generally gray or brown dorsally and lighter in color ventrally.
Color is generally similar to a sunburn, although in chronic cases it make take on a darker color.
Color is given to the fire by incorporating compound s of various metals .
Color is gold and yellow.
Color is golden yellow with pink to red stripes that varies from fruit to fruit.
Color is golden yellow, striped with pink and red going through to the core.
Color is golden-brown to red or even violet.
Color is good and clarity is great.
Color is good and overall yield in both numbers and pounds is excellent.
Color is good and solids are running high.
Color is good with fair to good quality and sizes.
Color is good, but slightly yellowish.
Color is good, deep, and glowing.
Color is good, with a slight yellowish cast, and slight under-saturation in the greens and blues.
Color is good.
Color is granite.
Color is grass green to light green.
Color is gray green.
Color is gray to black.
Color is gray to smoky black.
Color is gray to white, usually with a tarnish if exposed to weathering.
Color is gray with gray, yellow and green graphics.
Color is gray with red graphics.
Color is gray, brown or green.
Color is gray, colorless, white, pale brown or yellowish.
Color is gray.
Color is gray-green with cream colored margins.
Color is grayish brown with scattered black hairs, grading to lighter coloration on the belly.
Color is grayish to reddish brown on top, with whitish lower face and underparts.
Color is great dark ruby.
Color is great, with sharp photos retaining their sharpness.
Color is great.
Color is green to blue.
Color is green to bluish green or white to colorless.
Color is green to yellow-green or yellow.
Color is green with red edges in spring, bright green in summer, and bright crimson in fall.
Color is green, colorless, white, pink, yellow or brown.
Color is green, light blue, blue to blue-green.
Color is green, yellow, white, brown or black.
Color is green.
Color is greenish blue, greenish gray or green.
Color is greenish brown to brown, sometimes greenish-yellow.
Color is greenish or grayish above, silvery below.
Color is greenish-black, dark gray or black.
Color is greenish-blue to ocean blue.
Color is green-yellow to yellow.
Color is hard to match when repairing an item so inspect articles in the best possible light.
Color is harmless and is the color after suspended particles have been removed.
Color is high key, but compressed into micro-flares.
Color is highly important to the honeybee in searching for flowers.
Color is highly variable, often branches are rosy-straw colored with red tips.
Color is highly variable, ranging from green to brown to gray.
Color is highly variable.
Color is honey yellow, orange, red or light to dark brown.
Color is hot, hot, hot.
Color is how our eyes and brains distinguish different wavelengths.
Color is hue.
Color is identical using the same light interference pattern technique that colors a butterfly wing.
Color is imac blueberry .
Color is immaterial.
Color is impacted by lighting.
Color is important also.
Color is important as bees see in a different spectrum of light from people.
Color is important as well as design.
Color is important for indicating the temperature and workability of the metal.
Color is important here.
Color is important in a kimono.
Color is important in a presentation.
Color is important in many ways.
Color is important in the finished look of the rug.
Color is important too.
Color is important when it comes to selecting a bucktail for metro muskies.
Color is important when meat and poultry are purchased, stored, and cooked.
Color is important.
Color is IN body.
Color is in now.
Color is included here for user convenience.
Color is incomprehensible to the blind.
Color is inconsistent and muted.
Color is independant of coating thickness.
Color is indigo blue.
Color is inexplicable, somber, washy.
Color is influenced by neighboring colors.
Color is influenced by the choice of mordant.
Color is influential and powerful.
Color is information.
Color is integral to human perception.
Color is integral with coating.
Color is intended to convey meaning and to provoke thought.
Color is intense and accurate.
Color is interest.
Color is iron gray, yellow gray, whitish gray to tin white.
Color is irrelevant.
Color is ivy green with a white and navy imprint.
Color is jade green.
Color is jet black with chain patterns in enamel white to cream.
Color is judged according to a grading scale.
Color is judged unacceptable by more viewers than are many other features.
Color is just one characteristic that goes into defining a standard.
Color is key.
Color is Key.
Color is khaki.
Color is kinds.
Color is lavender.
Color is lead gray to black.
Color is lead to silver gray sometimes with a bluish tint.
Color is lemon yellow.
Color is less than perfect as well, with a slight smearing in the darker scenes.
Color is light brown to dark brown.
Color is light golden brown to violet, with irregular black to brown streaks.
Color is light green.
Color is light grey, and material is a heavy duty plastic.
Color is light grey.
Color is light oak.
Color is light on fire.
Color is light tan to brown.
Color is light tan.
Color is light to dark brown almost black.
Color is light to dark brown with distinctive golden luster.
Color is light to dark brown with green markings.
Color is light with a faint smell.
Color is lighter on the legs and outside of the body and the ears.
Color is lime green on new growth and dk green on older leaves.
Color is limited to the blue-green around the fireplace and the lighting fixture.
Color is limited to two colors of text and one solid color background.
Color is limited to two colors of text and one solid color for the background.
Color is literally in the air.
Color is lively day or night.
Color is located in plates.
Color is lost.
Color is luxuriant, light and shade glow, and the brushwork is sensuous.
Color is made different by cutting and separating shells.
Color is manly glossy black with a brown muzzle and usually a small white patch on the chest.
Color is maroon.
Color is matched with natural brow color.
Color is matched with natural color.
Color is meaningless.
Color is measured by measured by measuring the reflectance of different wavelengths.
Color is measured in heat.
Color is medium blue and the clarity is clean.
Color is medium brown with a faint stripe.
Color is medium gray over a white face with black knobs.
Color is medium green and the clarity is slightly Included.
Color is medium pink and fragrance is slight.
Color is medium red and the clarity is slightly Included.
Color is medium red-brown, with lighter red to purple veins.
Color is medium to dark brown, reddish bronze or brownish red.
Color is medium to dark green.
Color is memorable.
Color is metallic charcoal.
Color is minimal, but it does look sharp and vivid.
Color is mint green and has apples, grapes, pears and other fruits in pattern.
Color is minty green.
Color is more effective when used sparingly.
Color is more important now, and yellow is more colorful than white.
Color is more intense when weather is cool.
Color is more interesting and more consistent with student expectations.
Color is more of a silvery lavendar than a true mauve.
Color is more of an added benefit than a necessity.
Color is more pink than picture shows.
Color is more pleasing on the screen.
Color is more subjective.
Color is more than decoration, and perceiving color is tricky.
Color is more than just beautiful.
Color is most intense in full sun.
Color is most of all about awareness and perception.
Color is most often the result of many internal changes.
Color is mostly a pale pink, white or colorless.
Color is mostly dark brown to purple, with whitish undersides.
Color is mostly good.
Color is mostly pink, but also found in shades of gray, yellow, red or brown.
Color is mostly tan with variations of reddish brown on legs and undersides, also black tiped tail.
Color is much less noticable when mounted.
Color is much more exacting and tedious than monochrome, but the results appear to be interesting.
Color is natural buckskin.
Color is natural off-white and perfect for dyeing.
Color is natural stainless steel.
Color is natural white bone, unless otherwise specified.
Color is natural wood coloring.
Color is natural, with dark brown print.
Color is natural.
Color is Natural.
Color is near perfect.
Color is nearly identical to that of standard red brass casting alloys.
Color is nice and the source is clean.
Color is no concern.
Color is no longer much of a social consideration, nor is gender.
Color is no longer uni-dimensional.
Color is no problem either.
Color is normal.
Color is normally black, but also brownish black to dark gray.
Color is normally black, but also brownish black, orange, yellowish-orange and dark green.
Color is nothing more than light energy.
Color is nourishment to our spiritual life and plays a very important role in feng shui.
Color is now only skin deep.
Color is oatmeal.
Color is observed in objects that reflect or emit certain wavelengths of light.
Color is obvious, but varies too much.
Color is obviously vital to our everyday life, for asthetic pleasure but also for necessity.
Color is of key importance in the overall style and appeal of the crib.
Color is of no importance.
Color is of publisher's choice.
Color is off white .
Color is off white with the lid being darker than the crock.
Color is off-white, yellow, or shades of red, orange to brown.
Color is often a confusing and puzzling design element for many gardeners.
Color is often muddy and details blurred.
Color is often pink or pinkish.
Color is often the main consideration.
Color is often unnecessary in maps.
Color is often variable.
Color is often very important in helping the animal hide in an environment.
Color is okay and the source material has some dirt and damage.
Color is okay, but contrast is somewhat less than desirable.
Color is olive green to dark brown.
Color is olive green, yellow or golden, brown, or black.
Color is one and content is another.
Color is one determining factor.
Color is one of paint's most distinguishing qualities.
Color is one of several properties that are used to assign class.
Color is one of the artist's most effective and versatile tools in page design.
Color is one of the best ways to identify a mineral.
Color is one of the clues to determining a soil s horizon.
Color is one of the easiest elements to change.
Color is one of the elements artists use to create a piece of work.
Color is one of the first things someone notices about a picture.
Color is one of the first things to hit people when they visit a particular site.
Color is one of the great miracles of nature and the source of much artistic delight.
Color is one of the great unifying characteristics of the art.
Color is one of the hottest current design trends, according to many top decorating magazines.
Color is one of the joys of light, and of living.
Color is one of the least expensive and easy ways to redecorate.
Color is one of the least expensive ways to redecorate.
Color is one of the more simplistic concepts in nature.
Color is one of the most fascinating things about painting.
Color is one of the most important ways to create warmth.
Color is one of the most noticeable features of a plant.
Color is one of the most widely used processes of determining the classification of rocks.
Color is one of the primary elements that unifies our visual identity.
Color is one of the principle elements of the visual arts.
Color is one.
Color is only a small portion of a good design because plants only bloom for two or three weeks.
Color is only available in premium positions.
Color is only medium bright and often light or muddy pink.
Color is only one of the elements of the inspiring beauty of Crater Lake.
Color is only visible with light.
Color is opaque white.
Color is optional here.
Color is optional, but keep it life-like.
Color is optional.
Color is orange and forest green.
Color is orange brown.
Color is orange to light orange.
Color is orange to red.
Color is orange, reddish brown, brown, pink and yellow.
Color is orange-yellow to deep red or brown.
Color is orange-yellow to yellow.
Color is ordinarily white, gray or colorless but also blue to violet.
Color is ordinarily white, yellow, gray or colorless.
Color is original.
Color is our brain's interpretation of our eyes' detection of different wavelength visible light.
Color is our limited perception of the way materials absorb and reflect light.
Color is our response to light waves which they reflect.
Color is overall dark brown, almost black at times, with scattered light markings on sides and fins.
Color is overwhelmingly arbitrary . . .
Color is pale brown.
Color is pale gold, blemished by clouds of transparent floating particles.
Color is pale purplish-red.
Color is pale staw to copper.
Color is pale tan to colorless, but often appears reddish brown due to kupletskite inclusions.
Color is pale to dark blue.
Color is pale to deep amber, reddish or copper.
Color is pale to deep orange.
Color is pale to golden.
Color is pale violet, pink, grayish pink, white to colorless and dark reddish brown.
Color is pale white, tan, gray, brown, yellow and pink.
Color is pale white, yellow or brown.
Color is pale yellow or cream streaked with light brown, occasionally with a reddish tinge.
Color is pale yellow, pale orange, beige, white and colorless with some color zoning.
Color is pale yellow, reddish-brown, red, olive or even emerald green.
Color is pale yellow, white, rose, brown and colorless.
Color is pale.
Color is paler than original.
Color is paramount on a handheld device because it instantly makes the machine real and alive.
Color is part of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Color is particularly difficult for students to understand.
Color is particularly useful as an emphatic device in a visual.
Color is patchy or distorted at the edges of the image.
Color is peanut brittle.
Color is pearl gray.
Color is pearl white and candy wineberry.
Color is perceived by the human eye in a conceptually straightforward way.
Color is perfect.
Color is perhaps one of the most important factors in philately.
Color is perhaps the easiest way to stir the reader's emotions and add visual delight.
Color is perhaps the major stimulus that effects our decision-making process.
Color is permanent, ultraviolet resistant and an integral part of the polyethylene composition.
Color is personal and universal, sending messages full of endless variations.
Color is photo is slightly lighter than is person.
Color is pink to purple brown with darker and lighter bands in attractive combinations.
Color is pink to reddish pink and off white.
Color is pink.
Color is pinker in cooler weather and on newly opened flowered.
Color is pinkish to dark, with some clots.
Color is pinkish to greenish brown.
Color is pinkish to light reddish brown or light brown, and is sometimes referred to as flesh color.
Color is poor to fair.
Color is powerful and complex.
Color is powerful and personal.
Color is predominantly pale brown.
Color is preferable, but black and white is available.
Color is preferred.
Color is present, with front and back outside covers done exclusively in color.
Color is primarily white, with limited markings in brown, cream, red, or black.
Color is probably the most powerful and complex element of art available to artists.
Color is probably the most useful factor for distinguishing between the two species.
Color is probably the single most powerful garden design factor.
Color is processed using input from multiple ganglion cells.
Color is produced by the absorption of selected wavelengths of light by an object.
Color is proportional to temperature.
Color is provided by segregating the color information into a mosaic on the chip surface.
Color is provided by the many varieties of wildflowers that mingle throughout the native grasses.
Color is psychologically important.
Color is pure white, cream, or white with biscuit.
Color is pure white.
Color is purple letters on white background.
Color is purple, brown to yellow, pale pink and even black.
Color is put to great use throughout.
Color is quite variable, ranging from yellow to green to black, depending on the species.
Color is rather dainty.
Color is really a sky blue and certer crystals are perfectly clear and terminated.
Color is really good.
Color is really nice and it's in a nice old plain wooden frame.
Color is recent.
Color is red and white.
Color is red fawn.
Color is red stripe over a creamy background.
Color is red to a deep red that can appear almost black.
Color is red to reddish purple and sometimes a deep enough red to appear black.
Color is red, black and purple.
Color is red, orange, yellow, silver and white.
Color is red, scarlet to brick-red.
Color is red, yellow or blue.
Color is red.
Color is Red.
Color is reddish brown to yellowish brown or orange.
Color is reddish green.
Color is reddish to dark brown.
Color is reddish-brown, brown, and black.
Color is reddish-gray to red.
Color is reflected in fabric and rugs as well as picture framing and wall accessories.
Color is related to chemical composition.
Color is related to size.
Color is related to temperature via the Blackbody Law.
Color is related to temperature.
Color is relatively easy.
Color is rendered differently over varying browsers and platforms.
Color is represented by adding red, blue, and green light.
Color is represented using RGB system.
Color is required.
Color is respectable.
Color is respected.
Color is restricted to a few dozen shades.
Color is rich and accurate, with deep blacks and good contrast.
Color is rich and saturated, but needs partial shade for optimum effect.
Color is rich and smooth, lining elegant, assembly impeccible.
Color is rich and very well balanced, with natural flesh tones.
Color is rich dark liver having the purplish tint, sometimes referred to as puceliver.
Color is rosy purple with violet tones on petal reverse and tip.
Color is SAID OF white.
Color is saturated and also adjustable.
Color is seal-bay.
Color is seashore beige with orange wheels and trim and brown interior.
Color is secondary in importance to other factors.
Color is secondary in importance.
Color is self-explanatory.
Color is sensed by the cones in the retina .
Color is sent at a lower frame rate than luminance.
Color is sexy and upbeat.
Color is sheer energetics.
Color is shown after the circa year of birth.
Color is significant for the creation and understanding of architectural elements in space.
Color is silver except for inner circle which is gold colored.
Color is silver on one side and white on the reverse.
Color is silver to light yellow as in polished brass.
Color is silver vein.
Color is silver white often with a multi-colored iridescent tarnish.
Color is silver white to a slight cream white.
Color is silver white to brassy yellow.
Color is silver white with exposed specimens tarnishing black.
Color is Silver.
Color is silvery with blue highlights.
Color is sky blue to dark blue.
Color is sky blue.
Color is slate-grey with a red patch on the hind crown and white on the sides of the head and neck.
Color is slightly darker gray than depicted in photo.
Color is slightly faded on the top and edges, jacket is clear mylar.
Color is slightly off-white which offers great contrast to the white tulle veil.
Color is smoked on and in both the burnished and straight earthenware surfaces.
Color is so important in getting across comedy.
Color is so important, yet some designers and their clients ignore it entirely.
Color is solid golden liver.
Color is something that can be frustrating to deal with in acrylic painting.
Color is sometimes a separate claim from race.
Color is sometimes paradoxical.
Color is sometimes useful, but is often misleading.
Color is somewhat variable but is commonly reddish brown.
Color is sooty gray to brownish.
Color is sort of a creamy green with lengthwise darker green stripes.
Color is specified in terms of red, green, and blue color components.
Color is splashed throughout a room or hall to signify a celebration is taking place.
Color is stable and intentionally muted.
Color is stable, with no bleeding from one to another.
Color is stable.
Color is standard black.
Color is standard in all emulations.
Color is steel gray or black.
Color is steel gray to gray.
Color is steel gray to silver.
Color is steel or silver gray to black in some forms and red to brown in earthy forms.
Color is still quite lustrous.
Color is stone grey.
Color is straw.
Color is strong, yet bleached of gradation.
Color is studied and applied to studio-oriented design assignments.
Color is studied in terms of furnishings and finishes as related to space, form, and light.
Color is subject to availability with suitable separations to be supplied by the advertiser.
Color is subjective and often difficult to characterize.
Color is subjective.
Color is supported.
Color is supposed to make our attitudes change too.
Color is symbolism.
Color is tan only.
Color is tan, greenish gray to white or colorless.
Color is tan, silvery, pinkish beige and yellow-gray.
Color is that of natural, unbleached cotton.
Color is the best thing about the transfer.
Color is the biggest headache of digital printing.
Color is the child of light.
Color is the color of the text.
Color is the dark brown with the lighter brown around the picture.
Color is the deeds and sufferings of light.
Color is the easiest common denominator to establish.
Color is the external, that s true.
Color is the fat of fabrics, texture is the cartilage.
Color is the first thing people notice when they approach a building, or enter a room.
Color is the first thing that is noticed and acknowledged.
Color is the greatest ally when it comes to beautifying a bathroom.
Color is the happiness of love that comes along the way.
Color is the hue and value of the food product.
Color is the human judgment of the color response.
Color is the human response to light.
Color is the ideal companion to all training materials, from overhead transparencies to handouts.
Color is the important connection between the two.
Color is the key .
Color is the key factor.
Color is the key to communicating without words.
Color is the key to creating a winning western wardrobe.
Color is the key to tourmalines polularity.
Color is the key.
Color is the keyboard, the eyes are the hammers, the soul is the piano with many strings.
Color is the keyboard, the eyes are the harmonies, the soul is the piano with many strings.
Color is the least expensive, most effective way of getting a lot for a little.
Color is the literal color of the stone.
Color is the main challenge in the oil painting and pastel courses.
Color is the main change from last year, Golden agrees.
Color is the means by which form initially reaches the human eye.
Color is the measure of value.
Color is the most attractive aspect in designing high-impact combinations.
Color is the most complex and emotionally charged of the formal elements.
Color is the most effective element in arousing an emotional response in the viewer.
Color is the most immediately noticeable element of overall appearance.
Color is the most important aspect in selecting the proper lure.
Color is the most important attention getter.
Color is the most important factor contributing to a diamonds value.
Color is the most important quality for peridots.
Color is the most inportant single thing that sells reef rocks.
Color is the most obvious and attractive feature of gemstones.
Color is the most powerful of a designer s tools.
Color is the most striking and visually stimulating of all the plant design principles.
Color is the most versatile of the two.
Color is the natural hue of the stone, and diamonds come in every color of the spectrum.
Color is the natural hue of the stone.
Color is the new neutral.
Color is the next element in the progression from dot to line to tone.
Color is the only difference.
Color is the only property used for polygons.
Color is the only thing that can be set separately for the Active and Inactive title bars.
Color is the physics of light.
Color is the real divisive force.
Color is the repitition of a sequence of pitches.
Color is the same as wavelength .
Color is the same on microhigh and microlows.
Color is the sensation registered when light of different wavelengths is perceived by the brain.
Color is the single worst indicator to use without lots of experience.
Color is the student's choice.
Color is the superlative gem property of turquoise.
Color is the tulip's strong suit, and all varieties of tulips look great together.
Color is the tulip's strong suit.
Color is the Web designer's palette.
Color is therefore a property of light that depends on wavelength.
Color is throughout the frame so it never needs painting.
Color is timbre.
Color is tin white often with a muted multi-colored iridescent tarnish.
Color is tin white to silver.
Color is tin white.
Color is tinged green by the chlorophyll of green olives or yellow by mature olives.
Color is tin-white to a steel gray which can tarnish to darker grays.
Color is to be a lustrous golden color.
Color is transparent with green shine to it when viewed under a light.
Color is tricky.
Color is true electric blue.
Color is tulips strong suit.
Color is two toned bronze.
Color is typically a bright green, but also colorless, white or pale yellow.
Color is typically blue to bluish green.
Color is typically blue, but also colorless and yellowish.
Color is typically blue, violet, gray, brownish or colorless.
Color is typically bright red to orange, less commonly gray or brown.
Color is typically green but also yellow, blue, reddish brown and purple.
Color is typically green, but can also be yellow, orange and brown.
Color is typically orange, also yellow.
Color is typically reddish purple, but can be purple, red or even green.
Color is typically various shades of green.
Color is typically white, colorless, gray, light brown or pale green.
Color is typically white, gray, bluish or yellowish, but can also be red-violet and green.
Color is typically yellow but can be a reddish orange.
Color is typically yellow, orange or brown, less commonly green, colorless or gray.
Color is typically yellow-rose or reddish beige to pink.
Color is ugly as sin.
Color is uncommon.
Color is uneven.
Color is uniform, light to dark olive-green, without any color bands.
Color is unimportant.
Color is unnecessary.
Color is usaully black and white.
Color is usaully solid orange, or orange and white.
Color is used as a debugging tool.
Color is used as a visual aid to highlight a record series or the date.
Color is used as an aid for learning, and as a potential aid for some learning disabilities.
Color is used as the primary element in both creating composition and evoking mood.
Color is used at the discretion of the publisher.
Color is used at the editors' discretion.
Color is used for attraction.
Color is used for emphasis, but the screens are legible on any kind of monitor.
Color is used for more than aesthetics.
Color is used for selected widgets as well as controls in the title bar.
Color is used for things other than page back ground.
Color is used four times in the film.
Color is used freely with emphasis on balance, harmony and dominance.
Color is used here for clarity.
Color is used in both sections.
Color is used in the game mainly for coloring icons and bar graphs.
Color is used in thermoregulation by lizards and roadrunners and many others.
Color is used on the map to differentiate the lush green valleys from the brown mountainous areas.
Color is used only occasionally to heighten the effect.
Color is used to aid in reading or to orient the user in the site.
Color is used to assist in grouping the related areas.
Color is used to change the appearance of text.
Color is used to convey information, create a feeling, and evoke associations.
Color is used to decorate, describe and express.
Color is used to denote class species relationships in the class hierarchies.
Color is used to describe the color present within a gemstone.
Color is used to designate different sections of the content.
Color is used to determine the lightsabre's position.
Color is used to distinguish different atoms.
Color is used to distinguish the tracks of different particles.
Color is used to distinguish the various sections of the plan.
Color is used to distinguish types of pieces as well as their affiliation.
Color is used to good effect.
Color is used to highlight culturally related groups.
Color is used to represent a difference in value or relationship.
Color is used to represent magnitude.
Color is used to save the viewer from thinking too much.
Color is used to show the current mode.
Color is used to show the integration of the science and the materials of the program.
Color is used to show the variation of different kinds of curvature on the surfaces.
Color is used to show whether a task is on time, delayed, late, or complete.
Color is used to simultaneously represent the value of the v components in the equation.
Color is used to visually differentiate nodes that are taken, free, and inoperable.
Color is used well to help draw the eye and organize the page.
Color is used when appropriate.
Color is used when available.
Color is used.
Color is useful for distinguishing lines.
Color is useually dark amber to copper.
Color is usually a bluish-green to green.
Color is usually a butter yellow to bright lemon yellow also amber to brown.
Color is usually a pale green, also gray, white or colorless.
Color is usually a very nice blue-green.
Color is usually beige to brown.
Color is usually black and yellow.
Color is usually black or dark green.
Color is usually black.
Color is usually blue but can also be colorless, yellow and tints of red, green and brown.
Color is usually blue or greenish-blue.
Color is usually brassy above and solid silver on sides.
Color is usually brassy.
Color is usually brass-yellow.
Color is usually bright orange to orange-brown or reddish brown.
Color is usually brilliant yellow.
Color is usually bronze-yellow.
Color is usually brownish black or black.
Color is usually brownish.
Color is usually canary yellow.
Color is usually colorless and pale gray to white.
Color is usually colorless for singles and white for twins.
Color is usually colorless on smaller crystals and white or gray on the larger crystals.
Color is usually colorless or pale green.
Color is usually colorless or pink.
Color is usually colorless or white but can be tinted yellow, blue, red, brown and often green.
Color is usually colorless or white but can be tinted yellow, brown and pink.
Color is usually colorless or white to grayish.
Color is usually colorless or white.
Color is usually colorless or yellow to greenish.
Color is usually colorless or yellow.
Color is usually colorless to dark blue and green.
Color is usually colorless to pale pink, pale brown to reddish brown.
Color is usually colorless to pale pink, white for the powdery masses.
Color is usually colorless to pale pink.
Color is usually colorless to pale yellow.
Color is usually colorless to pink, pale violet, pale to dark blue, violet.
Color is usually colorless to tan or silvery.
Color is usually colorless to very pale pink.
Color is usually colorless to white or beige.
Color is usually colorless to white.
Color is usually colorless to yellow.
Color is usually colorless to yellow-brown.
Color is usually colorless very pale green.
Color is usually colorless, green, gray white, or yellow brown.
Color is usually colorless, pale yellow, lemon-yellow, orange and pale green.
Color is usually colorless, tan or brown.
Color is usually colorless, white or pale pink.
Color is usually colorless, white or pale shades of yellow, blue, pink or rose.
Color is usually colorless, white or tan.
Color is usually colorless, white, pink, beige and pale green.
Color is usually colorless, yellow.
Color is usually colorless.
Color is usually colourless or white.
Color is usually colourless to white, sometimes pale pink.
Color is usually colourless to white.
Color is usually dark blue to black.
Color is usually dark blue, black, very dark brown to red-brown.
Color is usually dark brown to black.
Color is usually dark brown.
Color is usually dark copper-red to bronze.
Color is usually dark gray to black.
Color is usually dark gray.
Color is usually dark green to black.
Color is usually dark green to dark gray above, silvery on the sides and belly.
Color is usually dark greenish-brown.
Color is usually dark grey.
Color is usually dark red brown to black.
Color is usually dark red or red brown.
Color is usually dark red to black.
Color is usually dark red, reddish brown.
Color is usually deep carmine red, black on opaque rosettes.
Color is usually dull black.
Color is usually dull green.
Color is usually dull red or black.
Color is usually dusty gray with white or light gray belly.
Color is usually golden yellow or yellowish brown, but also greenish brown specimens are found.
Color is usually gray, greenish gray or yellowish white.
Color is usually gray, very pale green.
Color is usually grayish blue or grayish green.
Color is usually green but can also be white, yellow, red, lavender and black.
Color is usually green or tan.
Color is usually green to greenish-brown.
Color is usually green.
Color is usually green.white or gray.
Color is usually green-brown.
Color is usually greenish brown.
Color is usually greenish yellow, yellow or brown.
Color is usually greenish-blue.
Color is usually grey or green.
Color is usually lead gray.
Color is usually lead-gray.
Color is usually light brown.
Color is usually medium brown.
Color is usually off-white or gray or pale shades of green, yellow or brown.
Color is usually off-white,yellowish, flesh pink, brown or green.
Color is usually orange to orange-brown, yellow in fine fibers.
Color is usually orange-yellow.
Color is usually pale beige or white.
Color is usually pale blue.
Color is usually pale brass-yellow.
Color is usually pale brown to brown to brownish-yellow.
Color is usually pale brown to yellowish-brown.
Color is usually pale brown, beige or gray.
Color is usually pale brown.
Color is usually pale grayish green.
Color is usually pale orange-brown or tan.
Color is usually pale pink.
Color is usually pale to dark brown, and pink.
Color is usually pale violet to pink, pinkish brown and white.
Color is usually pale yellow to beige.
Color is usually pale yellow to lemon-yellow.
Color is usually pale yellow to orange-yellow.
Color is usually pale yellow to yellowish-green.
Color is usually pale yellow, orange, orange-yellow and brownish yellow.
Color is usually pale yellow, orange-yellow or yellowish brown.
Color is usually pale yellow, pinkish tan to gray and black.
Color is usually pale yellow, tan or reddish-brown.
Color is usually pale yellow.
Color is usually pale yellow-brown, tan, beige and brown.
Color is usually pale-yellow or colorless.
Color is usually red and yellow.
Color is usually red or yellow.
Color is usually red.
Color is usually reddish brown with occasional light yellow-brown areas to black in old individuals.
Color is usually reddish brown, red, violet and brown.
Color is usually silver-white.
Color is usually the result of the quality and type of diet.
Color is usually uniform across the spot.
Color is usually very pale violet, pale pink or white.
Color is usually very pale yellow, tan or off-white.
Color is usually white or beige.
Color is usually white or colorless, but can be pale gray, blue, yellow or violet.
Color is usually white or colorless, but can be pale pink, gray, yellow, blue or violet.
Color is usually white or gray but can be greenish, colorless, yellow and violet.
Color is usually white or pale gray.
Color is usually white or tan.
Color is usually white or very pale green.
Color is usually white or yellow.
Color is usually white to colorless.
Color is usually white to pale gray.
Color is usually white to pale yellowish gray and cream.
Color is usually white to tan.
Color is usually white to whitish-gray.
Color is usually white, beige, pale pink or yellowish-brown.
Color is usually white, gray or pink with tints of yellow or green.
Color is usually white.
Color is usually yellow brown or red.
Color is usually yellow to brownish-yellow to brown.
Color is usually yellow to light brown with dark green triangular markings.
Color is usually yellow to orange-brown.
Color is usually yellow to pale orange.
Color is usually yellow to pale orange-yellow.
Color is usually yellow to yellow-brown.
Color is usually yellow.
Color is usually yellow-brown.
Color is variable - black, brown, purple, olive and yellow.
Color is variable according to the climate and weather.
Color is variable according to weather conditions, moving from cinnamon to gold to apricot-orange.
Color is variable but is usually slaty black to bluish black above and paler below.
Color is variable from black, brown, gray, orange to yellow.
Color is variable from iron-black to bluish black to steel gray.
Color is variable, ranging from brown or gray to reddish depending on weather conditions.
Color is variable, ranging from yellow to green to black, depending on the species.
Color is variable.
Color is varied with colors of pink, salmon-pink, yellow, colorless, red and even brown or black.
Color is various shades of golden.
Color is various shades of red or orange with lighter featherings and underside of tail.
Color is various shades of yellow, green, pink and brown as well as colorless.
Color is very big.
Color is very emotional.
Color is very good as well.
Color is very good on red strains.
Color is very good, a couple of pin hole points of paint loss.
Color is very important for flasks, with aquas being the most common and cobalt blue the rarest.
Color is very important in conveying the mood the painting is to communicate to the viewer.
Color is very important throughout, and is used to set the mood of the scene.
Color is very important when building in certain regions of the globe.
Color is very important, primarily for accurate dyeing of wool.
Color is very important, with negative tests displayed in green and positive tests displayed in red.
Color is very important.
Color is very inviting.
Color is very much a part of the fabric of commerce.
Color is very much about atmosphere and emotion and the feel of a place.
Color is very pale to deep gold.
Color is very physical and psychological.
Color is very rich and holds fairly well for one so dark.
Color is very strong, but black level is more of a light gray than black.
Color is very useful for creating interest and accentuating specific parts of any exhibit.
Color is visible features.
Color is vital in conveying the mood of the painting.
Color is vital, including using contrasting shades and textures of green.
Color is vivid.
Color is weak at the beginning.
Color is well used and enhances the presentation.
Color is what inquiring minds crave.
Color is what the eyes see when light is reflected off an object.
Color is what the world loves to see.
Color is when they're high.
Color is white or colorless with shades of gray, blue and green.
Color is white or colorless.
Color is white or gray but usually tinted brown or yellow.
Color is white or gray to colorless.
Color is white or gray to reddish.
Color is white or gray, sometimes with tints of red-brown or yellow.
Color is white or lavender.
Color Is white though markings on the head are permissible.
Color is white to clear.
Color is white to colorless and violet.
Color is white to colorless.
Color is white to cream but becomes darker as pupae near the change to adulthood.
Color is white to yellowish, yellow and green.
Color is white with blue polishing platform.
Color is White with dark blue and black striping.
Color is white with four color logo on front.
Color is white with Gold trim.
Color is white with gray to black streaks, web-like markings and blotches.
Color is white with green writing.
Color is white with orchid pattern.
Color is white with patches of any color, except liver.
Color is white with pinkish tints.
Color is white, brown and green.
Color is white, colorless and purple.
Color is white, colorless or gray.
Color is white, colorless, gray or pale yellow.
Color is white, colorless, gray or yellowish.
Color is white, colorless, gray, brown, yellowish or greenish.
Color is white, colorless, gray, yellow.
Color is white, colorless, gray, yellowish or greenish.
Color is white, colorless, pale yellow, pale red, gray or black when impurities are common.
Color is white, colorless, reddish, gray or yellowish.
Color is white, colorless, yellowish, reddish, gray, brown and green.
Color is white, gray or yellow.
Color is white, gray pale lavender.
Color is white, green, yellowish green or blue-green.
Color is white, pink, yellowish white or straw yellow.
Color is white, red, brown, orange and green.
Color is white, very pale blue or very pale yellow.
Color is white, yellow, tan, brown, orange or red.
Color is white.
Color is with the colored pencils.
Color is yellow and white trim.
Color is yellow in small individuals to black in larger specimens.
Color is yellow lacquer.
Color is yellow or brown to dark red-brown and black.
Color is yellow or light brown to dark brown or black in old individuals.
Color is yellow powder coat.
Color is yellow to a yellowish green.
Color is yellow to brown or orange-brown.
Color is yellow to light brown, usually mottled with dark brown or black.
Color is yellow to orange-yellow, pink, pale green and reddish brown.
Color is yellow to pale yellow.
Color is yellow to red-brown or greenish to white.
Color is yellow to reddish yellow.
Color is yellow to yellowgreen or dark brown in old specimens.
Color is yellow, brown, gray, blue, white or black.
Color is yellow, brown, red, green or yellow.
Color is yellow, brown, yellow-orange, amber, pale green and white.
Color is yellow, golden-yellow, greenish yellow, green to colorless.
Color is yellow, green and brown.
Color is yellow, orange or brown.
Color is yellow, orange, pink, white or blue.
Color is yellow, orange, reddish brown, brownish black.
Color is yellow, preferrably dark straw.
Color is yellow, red, brown or orange.
Color is yellow, reddish-brown, red or black.
Color is yellow.
Color is yellow-green, pale green or yellow.
Color is yellow-green.
Color is yellowish bronze to reddish or brownish bronze.
Color is yellowish brown.
Color is yellowish or grayish with dark spots.
Color is, however, a significant determining factor in many people's decision.
Color is, however, one of the easiest places to start.
Color is, of course, most important.
Color is, otherwise, unimportant.
Color isa property.
Color just colors solid.
Color just looks better and provides more functionality.
Color just makes everything seem brighter.
Color layering technology creates photo-quality results.
Color looks icky next to new carpet.
Color looks lighter when nap feels smoother running toward the garment hem.
Color looks slightly off, maybe a bit bright and the contrast is horrible especially in dark scenes.
Color looks very dark, even metallic.
Color makes direct comparisons between networks or sizes easy to see.
Color makes it a reality.
Color makes no difference.
Color manage native QuarkXPress elements.
Color matches insignia shirts.
Color matching silicone castings is also possible.
Color mixed with black and white can be quite effective.
Color modifies the coolness of northern light and the warmth created by a southern exposure.
Color needs to be either letter or legal size only.
Color needs to be grouped.
Color needs to be spread throughout the garden.
Color never gets slick or grainy.
Color offers the opportunity for contrast, a very important feature if someone is falling.
Color only applies to visible light.
Color only distracts from the growing fear.
Color only exists in our minds, and putting a scientific definition together of no easy task.
Color only makes things worse.
Color opens more doors, however.
Color operates on a perceptual level.
Color ought to be intense and uniform.
Color outsides the lines.
Color overlays for easy nodule size identification.
Color photographs throughout.
Color plays a big part in the overall concept.
Color plays a big role in eye fatigue.
Color plays a critical role in medical diagnosis.
Color plays a large part in the physical world.
Color plays a major role in reflecting light.
Color plays a major role in reinforcing the mood evoked by the relationship of form and line.
Color plays a particular role in restaurants.
Color plays a role in spotting fish as well.
Color plays an important iconic role in identifying the inner qualities of the various characters.
Color plays an important part in giving definition to each location within the site.
Color plays an important role in a room's ambience.
Color plays very minor role in a good painting.
Color pops up on the floor and laminate countertops in the commons areas as well.
Color preferences aside, today's consumer appliances are greener than they have ever been.
Color primarily is an indication of the care with which the hay was handled.
Color printouts for standing sheets and alternate standing sheets.
Color prints from negatives or transparencies in a conventional darkroom are a pain in the butt.
Color prints from slides, negatives and inter-negatives.
Color projects an image of quality.
Color provides a clearer copy of green bar paper that is often used in the invoicing process.
Color provides an extra variable by which to discriminate detail in our richly textured world.
Color provides background and can create harmony and also accent and variety.
Color provides much more information than gray images.
Color puzzles where a number stands for a certain color.
Color ranges between grey-brown and yellowish.
Color ranges from a dead white to soft yellowish, to pale rosy white, and into the brown tones.
Color ranges from a fleshy color to pale pink.
Color ranges from a golden yellow to light yellow.
Color ranges from a sandy gray to a tawny red with white underparts, with some degree of spotting.
Color ranges from almost black in the northern range to silver or gold in the southern races.
Color ranges from black to various shades of gray or yellow.
Color ranges from blue to green to white, sometimes edged with gold.
Color ranges from bright silvery blue on the back, silvery sides and a dusky white on the belly.
Color ranges from bright silvery blue-green on the back, silvery sides and a dull white belly.
Color ranges from bright to dark green and sometimes blue-green.
Color ranges from brown to dark-green.
Color ranges from brown to orange-red.
Color ranges from brownish gray to a rich, dark reddish brown.
Color ranges from buff to deep orange, in specimens from a half-inch to five inches in diameter.
Color ranges from colorless to pale mauve.
Color ranges from colorless to pale pink, rose-pink, orange and brownish red.
Color ranges from colorless to very pale yellow and white to tan.
Color ranges from colorless, pale to dark gray, pale rose or violet, and white to nearly black.
Color ranges from colourless to pale orange-pink.
Color ranges from copper penny to coffee brown.
Color ranges from dark brown to dark silvery gray, and they posess large, opalescent eyes.
Color ranges from dark gray, grayish brown, off-white, beige and pale brown to dark brown.
Color ranges from dark green to black.
Color ranges from dark olive green above to almost white on the belly.
Color ranges from dark olive to bright green.
Color ranges from dark red to reddish-brown.
Color ranges from dark-green to gray.
Color ranges from deep green to crimson when fully mature.
Color ranges from delicate pink to lavender to white.
Color ranges from glossy or glaucous black to purple to red, with rare white berries.
Color ranges from golden brown to pale brown, yellow, white and colorless.
Color ranges from gray-brown to reddish.
Color ranges from green to blue.
Color ranges from green to yellow to pinkish.
Color ranges from grey to smoky brown, to brown-black.
Color ranges from hazel to dark brown.
Color ranges from lemon-yellow to pale green, greenish yellow, bright orange, pink and pale violet.
Color ranges from light beige to yellow, light yellow-brown and bronze to silvery.
Color ranges from light cream to darker tones of brown and anything in between.
Color ranges from light gray to tan, brown and red.
Color ranges from light green to dark brown.
Color ranges from light green to red and bronze.
Color ranges from light green to shades of brown or black.
Color ranges from light to dark brown, with dark bands.
Color ranges from medium gold to deep copper, with English versions often darker than American ones.
Color ranges from nearly white to golden brown, with irregular reddish to dark brown streaks.
Color ranges from orange to light yellow.
Color ranges from orange to orange-red.
Color ranges from orange to purplish.
Color ranges from pale brown to greenish brown and red-brown.
Color ranges from pale gold to copper.
Color ranges from pale orange-red to very deep carmine red.
Color ranges from pale pinkish white to pink and reddish pink.
Color ranges from pale yellow to bright green to brown, often dotted with russet spots.
Color ranges from pale yellow to pale green, colorless and light brown.
Color ranges from pale yellow, very pale brown, pale gray and gray-green to colorless.
Color ranges from pink to pale violet, violet and brown.
Color ranges from pure white to white barred with varying amounts of brown to black.
Color ranges from pure white to yellow-white.
Color ranges from red to dark purple.
Color ranges from rose-red to pink.
Color ranges from rusty brown to almost black.
Color ranges from soft white to pale pink.
Color ranges from steel-gray to black.
Color ranges from tan to dark brown on a pink background.
Color ranges from translucent creamy to dark gray tipped fading to paler gray at the base.
Color ranges from ultra light blonde to deep rust.
Color ranges from very dark brown to black.
Color ranges from white to dark gray.
Color ranges from white to grayish-blue.
Color ranges from white to pale pink to beige brown, pale to apple-green and colorless.
Color ranges from white to rose-lavender.
Color ranges from white to silver gray.
Color ranges from white to yellow.
Color ranges from white, to red, orange or dark green.
Color ranges primarily from water-white to pale yellow and amber.
Color ranges through blacks and grays to a drab reddish hue in the advanced stages of spawning.
Color reduces errors.
Color reeds pique the ear to delight.
Color refers to any solid color.
Color refers to colors of ink.
Color refers to the color of the ferret's guard hair, undercoat, eyes, and nose.
Color refers to the frequency and wavelength of light that is reflected from a mineral's surface.
Color refers to the gradations of grayness and yellowness in the cotton.
Color refers to the gradations of whiteness and yellowness in the cotton.
Color refers to the text color and bgcolor refers to the background color.
Color reflects composition in a very general way only.
Color reflects differences.
Color reflects sunlight.
Color relates to insect wing technology.
Color remains a major theme.
Color remains an endlessly intriguing element.
Color remains stable for days.
Color remains vivid for many years.
Color rendering skills are preferred.
Color reports for easy analysis.
Color represents a logic that is just as unrelenting as the logic of form.
Color represents range.
Color represents temperature of the hot gas .
Color represents the amount of plastic deformation in each cell.
Color represents the next big thing for the handheld community.
Color reproduce with better than average saturation.
Color reproduce with natural flesh tones and solid saturation.
Color requires very strict temperature and process controls.
Color resembles scoops of frosty peach sherbet.
Color resist fading and the shirts are preshrunk for a sure fit.
Color results from reflection refraction.
Color results from refraction.
Color returns to white when estrogen level falls prior to delivery.
Color reveals organization and pattern, which can help isolate different items in a display.
Color reveals organization and pattern.
Color runs from cream to white and they are about five inches in diameter.
Color runs throughout panel.
Color satisfies the mind.
Color saturates the leathery flesh.
Color saves the viewer from thinking too much.
Color scares the hell out of people.
Color seems to be accurate.
Color seems to be bright and accurate.
Color seems to be the only real distinguishable quality.
Color seems to fade in the sun.
Color seems to glow from heart.
Color seems to vary according to habitat, and several subspecies have been identified.
Color select the color to use, or none.
Color sells, and many annuals are grown to tantalizing perfection during winter's cooler months.
Color sends a subliminal message, one which plays a critical role in success or failure.
Color sequences that gave the appearance of.
Color serves as a form of protection for animals.
Color serves several different purposes in artistic composition.
Color serves to support our vital life force by supplying light energy to the system.
Color sets a black background, and draws the picture in color.
Color sets a tone for the story in every picture.
Color shown here is chartreuse and has been discontinued by manufacturer.
Color shown here is cobalt.
Color shown here is persimmon.
Color shown here is rose.
Color shown here is seamist, which is no longer available.
Color shown here is turquoise.
Color shown in photo is pale pink.
Color shown is cobalt.
Color shown is in natural with light and dark heather rose and seafoam green.
Color shown is in stock for immediate shipping.
Color shown is NO longer available.
Color shown is very slightly darker than the actual color of the fabric.
Color shows absolute vorticity, contours free surface height.
Color shows distribution.
Color shows how intense the energy of a given frequency is, at a given time.
Color shows strength of field-aligned current density.
Color shows temperature deviation and contour lines vertical velocity.
Color shows the potential distribution in the membrane.
Color shows the stream function.
Color signals the most tender stalks - the greener the better.
Color skins .
Color slightly detectable.
Color specifies the color control element.
Color specifies the color of grid markers.
Color spreads and darkens over time.
Color stands for all ripeness and success.
Color still looks best.
Color stimulates ideas and images.
Color stoplights red for projects that are neither important nor have resources available.
Color substitutes the image and leaves the message on a tacit setting.
Color suffices for many users with low vision.
Color suggest till the cheap shoes etonic.
Color suggests life, stimulation, variety, fun, and emotion.
Color supplies the light energy that supports our very life essence.
Color Swatches Available New color swatches are now available from the factory.
Color takes a lot of power.
Color takes the place of a lot of objects, and provides a bit of visual clutter.
Color taking on a symbolic meaning is common in expressionist painting.
Color tells a lot.
Color tends to be more stark, more obvious.
Color tends to be towards the red end of the spectrum, especially when dimmed.
Color tends to date an image, depending on the day s taste and technology.
Color tends to evoke certain emotions in readers.
Color tends to fade to brown with exposure to sunlight.
Color tends to fade.
Color tends to vary from silver gray to almost black with dark blotches on their backs.
Color there means pie charts and bar charts more than photographs.
Color therefore contributes to a sense of depth by defining spatial relationships.
Color touches every area of our being.
Color transparencies each.
Color trim to accent panel colors.
Color truly matters.
Color turns green when cooked and even the bottom portion remains edible.
Color turns mere scanned documents into hard disk pigs.
Color varies a bit, but usually grayish brown on top and whitish underneath.
Color varies a great deal even among specimens growing on the same rock surface.
Color varies according to fruit exposure.
Color varies according to junk yard finds.
Color varies according to lighting conditions.
Color varies according to the regional strain.
Color varies among species, although black seems to be predominant.
Color varies and includes white, tan and brown.
Color varies between blue and red.
Color varies between materials.
Color varies by cultivar, from green to red to purple.
Color varies by individuals and spots darken with age.
Color varies by satin trim.
Color varies by species, but all species are very heavy, hard elastic and strong.
Color varies considerably but is usually yellowish to dark brown.
Color varies considerably, from pale gold to medium amber.
Color varies degrees.
Color varies depending on exposure to sunlight.
Color varies depending on the habitat.
Color varies depending on the species and the amount of exposure to sun but most are a reddish hue.
Color varies from a deep hazel to yellow.
Color varies from almost white in the arctic to nearly black, with gray being most common.
Color varies from an intense burgundy purple to a silvery sheen purple.
Color varies from bird to bird, some being quite dark.
Color varies from black to brown above, with metallic hues.
Color varies from black to brownish-yellow.
Color varies from black to pure white, in a variety of patterns.
Color varies from blue-green to black.
Color varies from bluish grey, brownish grey, to bronze with a paler or white underside.
Color varies from bright green to dark brown.
Color varies from bronze to deep copper.
Color varies from brown in summer to white during the winter months.
Color varies from brown to black with a mottled pattern of reddish brown.
Color varies from brown to reddish brown and black.
Color varies from brown to yellow to reddish-brown.
Color varies from colorless to beige.
Color varies from colorless to pale, lemon or bright yellow.
Color varies from colorless to white and pinkish yellow.
Color varies from colorless to white, pink and occasionally an orangish pink color.
Color varies from colorless to white.
Color varies from colorless, gray, brown and black.
Color varies from dark brown at the bases to colorless at the terminations.
Color varies from dark brown to black, golden yellow, red and brown.
Color varies from dark brown to red-brown to black.
Color varies from dark gray to white with or without pattern.
Color varies from deep purple to chocolate red or light brown with ebony streaking.
Color varies from entirely green to entirely brown.
Color varies from gray to black.
Color varies from gray to reddish brown or almost black.
Color varies from gray, pink, yellow, mauve, colorless and brownish-yellow.
Color varies from green or olive with dark spots to yellow-green with dark spots.
Color varies from green to blue-green to silver blue.
Color varies from green to dark brown.
Color varies from green to dark gray or brown.
Color varies from green to reddish green to red.
Color varies from greenish brown to blackish gray, with speckled and variegated markings.
Color varies from grey in young specimens to almost black in older ones.
Color varies from light brown to almost black.
Color varies from light brownish gray to gray.
Color varies from light cream to yellowish-brown.
Color varies from light to dark brown to dark gray.
Color varies from light to dark pink.
Color varies from olive brown through shades of green with small dark spots on the back and sides.
Color varies from olive brown through shades of green.
Color varies from orange and yellowish to dark red, brown, or black depending on subspecies.
Color varies from orange to deep red with irregular patterns of purple or black.
Color varies from pale at the base to deep purple at the termination.
Color varies from pale brown, yellow, pink, orange and almost colorless.
Color varies from pale pink to brownish-red and purple.
Color varies from pale to deep blue, pink to colorless to white.
Color varies from pale to green.
Color varies from pale yellow to dark green, with dark leg joints and black cornicles and eyes.
Color varies from pale yellow to greenish-yellow and white.
Color varies from pale yellow to lemon yellow.
Color varies from pale yellow, orange, orange-yellow to brownish yellow.
Color varies from pale yellow-brown to brown.
Color varies from pink to black.
Color varies from pure white to pale yellow to very pale greenish yellow.
Color varies from purple to vibrant fuchsia.
Color varies from red to white.
Color varies from reddish brown to dark brown with small black spots.
Color varies from reddish brown to orange and very deep carmine-red to black.
Color varies from rusty brown to dark gray.
Color varies from silver to gray to iron gray or steel black.
Color varies from silver white to gray.
Color varies from silver-gray to brown above and light gray to white below.
Color varies from species to species.
Color varies from tan to beige, pale green, yellow and brown.
Color varies from tan to green.
Color varies from the typical emerald green to yellow.
Color varies from very dark brown to black.
Color varies from white to brown, with the inside a creamy off-white.
Color varies from white to creamy beige.
Color varies from white to off-white.
Color varies from white to tan.
Color varies from white to turquoise to powder blue.
Color varies from yellow to brown in color.
Color varies from yellow to brown with brown to purplish margins.
Color varies from yellow to white to orange but the eyes are always red.
Color varies from yellow, green, brown, red, orange, black or colorless.
Color varies from yellowish green, to brownish green, to almost black.
Color varies greatly among species.
Color varies greatly for staining.
Color varies greatly, from all black in Florida to silver gray with a white belly in Maryland.
Color varies greatly, ranging from reddish brown to deep black above and paler below.
Color varies in different varieties from light red to near black, a few yellow.
Color varies in each piece.
Color varies with age.
Color varies with availability of circuit boards.
Color varies with cultivar, green to red.
Color varies with cultivar.
Color varies with habitat and geographical location.
Color varies with individual coyotes, but reddish gray is most common.
Color varies with season.
Color varies with species and even with the time of year.
Color varies with species.
Color varies with water condition and available light.
Color varies year to year, depending on summer heat.
Color varies, but coyotes are usually grey.
Color vibrates true to frequency.
Color wash the rejected titles on the printout that is with the invoice.
Color works both ways.
Color works great in marketing.
Color works like a magnet, directing the reader's attention.
Color works like the color on a computer monitor or TV screen.
Colors above are blue, and purple.
Colors above are green, teal, and black.
Colors above are mauve, maroon, and red.
Colors above are white and ivory.
Colors absorb certain wavelengths of energy and reflect other light energies.
Colors accepted are blue, silver or blue-silver.
Colors accepted are red, black, blue, or cream.
Colors accepted include, yellow, red, tan, brown, black, and a blue or Maltese coloring.
Colors act as automatic color therapy for a room or an entire building.
Colors actually occupy a three-dimensional space.
Colors add to the activity level of preschoolers and children.
Colors affect moods and emotions.
Colors affect moods in humans.
Colors affect our behavior and alter our mood.
Colors affect our emotions.
Colors aid the identification of canister sizes and rail car capacities.
Colors allows one to choose the foreground and background colors from a palette.
Colors alone say a lot about a company or a product.
Colors also appear different in the subdued light of a cloudy day than in bright sunlight.
Colors also appear differently on different monitors, raising similar ethical questions.
Colors also are available.
Colors also change according to their surroundings.
Colors also convey messages.
Colors also create a certain mood.
Colors also create a theme, from the infamous all white garden to purple and black gardens .
Colors also have mathematical relationships with one another.
Colors also influence our guests and the other family members in our home.
Colors also make up the design.
Colors also occur as an integral part of biochemical reactions.
Colors also reproduce beautifully, with great depth and clarity.
Colors also seem moderately problematic.
Colors also seem strong and accurate.
Colors also support the statement.
Colors also tend to be vulnerable to smudging and running, particularly immediately after printing.
Colors appear acccurate and saturation is near perfect.
Colors appear accurate and contrast and brightness are excellent.
Colors appear accurate and solid for the most part.
Colors appear accurate and solid with no smearing and little if any chroma noise.
Colors appear accurate on both discs with good saturation.
Colors appear bold and distinct, with no bleeds at all and natural flesh tones.
Colors appear brighter and sound more distinct.
Colors appear brighter.
Colors appear differently under different lighting conditions.
Colors appear faded or changed in hue.
Colors appear faded.
Colors appear fresh, natural and offer good saturation.
Colors appear in the background, or the background is unevenly lit with a gray cast.
Colors appear more vibrant and photos look sharper.
Colors appear more vibrant and saturated, without the pesky contrasts that can ruin a shot.
Colors appear more vibrant in the tropics.
Colors appear more vivid.
Colors appear natural and have a respectable level of saturation.
Colors appear natural looking throughout.
Colors appear over-saturated and lack the stability that one fines in the best transfers.
Colors appear real, like outdoors.
Colors appear rich and saturated when frontlit on a sunny day.
Colors appear rich, vibrant and natural.
Colors appear sharp and bright, but some slight bleeding occurs with some of the more reddish hues.
Colors appear true and natural.
Colors appear true and the environment feels more relaxing.
Colors appear truer and more vibrant.
Colors appear very saturated and rich.
Colors are a bit drab and color saturation appears inconsistent as well.
Colors are a bit faded but still good.
Colors are a bit muddy and flat.
Colors are a bit muted and there are places where the film's contrast appears a bit harsh.
Colors are a bonus.
Colors are a close representation.
Colors are a clue too, as is the size of the jar.
Colors are a dark indigo ground with two greens, periwinkle, rose, coral and fawn.
Colors are a dark mauve.
Colors are a great expression of our moods.
Colors are a great part of it.
Colors are a little extra.
Colors are a little inconsistent but generally look strong.
Colors are a little murky now and then, as well as the occasional speck of dirt.
Colors are a little simpler than fonts.
Colors are a mind bender, so just take the info for what it is.
Colors are a personal preference.
Colors are a prized possession for motorcycle club members.
Colors are a prominent feature of the clothing worn, especially sports clothing.
Colors are a result of interference between light reflected from the front and back of each hole.
Colors are a vibrant pink, aqua, blue and yellow.
Colors are accurate and controlled.
Colors are accurate and highly saturated.
Colors are accurate and offer excellent saturation, without any trace of distortion.
Colors are accurate and stable with good saturation and no smearing.
Colors are accurate and there are few nicks or other film defects from the source print.
Colors are accurate and there s no hint of unwanted grain.
Colors are accurate and tonality is very good.
Colors are accurate and vibrant, motion is clear and continuous, and audio is flawless.
Colors are accurate with good saturation and detail is good.
Colors are accurate with varying flesh tones.
Colors are accurate yet muted, appropriate to the film's cinematography.
Colors are accurate, as well.
Colors are accurate, yet subdued, and contrast is excellent, as is overall detail.
Colors are albino, sable, smoke pearl, and chinchilla.
Colors are all accurate and vibrant and the darker scenes still retain detail.
Colors are all over the rainbow.
Colors are all solid no mixed colors.
Colors are almost iridescent.
Colors are almost unlimited.
Colors are also available.
Colors are also divided into cool and warm categories.
Colors are also important for feeding the young.
Colors are also important to pay attention to in a dream.
Colors are also quite rich and have great vibrancy.
Colors are also symbolic, from the black robes of the judiciary to the white robes worn by nuns.
Colors are also very solid and completely undistorted.
Colors are always important.
Colors are an attractive draw.
Colors are an explosion of excitement.
Colors are an important part of art.
Colors are applied thickly, half a tone higher, shadows are very transparent, half a tone lower.
Colors are approximate only, and vary on different browsers and monitors.
Colors are approximate.
Colors are apricot and white.
Colors are aqua, cocoa, sienna and teal on white cotton textural.
Colors are are accurate and generally free of excessive chroma noise.
Colors are artificial.
Colors are as bright and sassy as the comedy.
Colors are as pictured.
Colors are as shown.
Colors are astonishingly vivid.
Colors are at their peek.
Colors are available for an additional cost.
Colors are available in dark indigo blue to light blue.
Colors are available in gold, silver, pink, purple and black.
Colors are available in quart, gallon and five-gallon containers.
Colors are available on special order.
Colors are available to complement todays fashionable interiors.
Colors are available with the designs indicated.
Colors are available, see the application chart.
Colors are available.
Colors are awesome and grain is virtually non existent.
Colors are bad, graphics are worse.
Colors are balanced and skin tones are rendered very naturally.
Colors are basic with varied fabric textures.
Colors are bay, brown, black, chestnut, and occasionally gray, without spots or patches.
Colors are bay, brown, black, chestnut, and occasionally grey, without spots or patches.
Colors are beautiful - green, brown, gold, yellow, with pink feet.
Colors are beautiful.
Colors are beige, brown and grey for both lids and cans.
Colors are beige, grey, tan and tile red.
Colors are best and plants are more compact if grown in full sun, but they are shade tolerant.
Colors are best in morning and evening.
Colors are bilious and raw, fading into shadow.
Colors are black and blue.
Colors are black and red.
Colors are black and tan, red or liver and tan.
Colors are black and the unusual color orange.
Colors are black and white.
Colors are Black only.
Colors are black or white gelcoat fiberglass.
Colors are black or white, and it has a bottom shelf.
Colors are black with red,gray,and pink graphics.
Colors are Black with white stripes for all items.
Colors are black, black and white, black and tan, tricolor, red, sable, and blue merle.
Colors are black, black with tan, and, less common, reddish-brown, all usually with white markings.
Colors are black, gray and brown.
Colors are black, gray, blue bar, blue check, cilver blue, red, yellow, dominant red bar and brown.
Colors are black, red, natural, forest green, and royal blue.
Colors are black, royal blue, citrus orange, cherry red and yellow.
Colors are black, white and orange.
Colors are black, white, and various tones of brown, also combinations of black or brown with white.
Colors are black, white, bright white, and underlined.
Colors are bland, meals are bland, activities are bland, and days and night fold into each other.
Colors are bleeding all over the place, bright images bloom indiscriminately.
Colors are blend-able and water proof.
Colors are blood root and berry dye.
Colors are blue and cream.
Colors are blue and red merle, black and red tri colored.
Colors are blue and red on a white background.
Colors are blue and red, very easy on the eyes for reading a lot of information.
Colors are blue and white stripes.
Colors are blue, black and orange on a white background.
Colors are blue, black, red, yellow, blue bar, silver blue, silver red and silver yellow.
Colors are blue, black, white, and yellow.
Colors are blue, gold and green.
Colors are blue, green, gray, and light yellow.
Colors are blue, purple, green and black on beige background.
Colors are bold and almost appear oversaturated at times, especially the reds.
Colors are bold and bright and are especially easy for school teachers working with children.
Colors are bold and stable with natural fleshtones and no oversaturation.
Colors are bold and striking without oversaturation.
Colors are bold and strong, with realistic flesh tones and good saturation.
Colors are bold and strongly rendered without a trace of noise or smearing.
Colors are bold and strongly saturated without any sign of chromatic distortion or smearing.
Colors are bold and strongly saturated, without a hint of instability.
Colors are bold and vivid and eye catching.
Colors are bold without coming on too strong and smearing.
Colors are both bold and subdued, resulting to an eclectic collection.
Colors are bright and accurate without oversaturation and exhibit crisp, well-defined edges.
Colors are bright and beautiful.
Colors are bright and catch the eye.
Colors are bright and clean, with a nice mixture of styles from level to level.
Colors are bright and contrast is excellent.
Colors are bright and crisp and absolutely no tears or stains.
Colors are bright and crisp.
Colors are bright and delightful.
Colors are bright and even from corner to corner as well as off-axis.
Colors are bright and laying step after the old style of the Baghdad school.
Colors are bright and long lasting.
Colors are bright and natural, and saturation is mostly good.
Colors are bright and natural, images are sharp and clear.
Colors are bright and rich, and even the flesh tones look natural and free from distortion.
Colors are bright and shadows are used well.
Colors are bright and the blacks are solid with nice detail.
Colors are bright and the blacks are solid.
Colors are bright and the flowers are ideally formed, with the texture of satin.
Colors are bright and very solid, with no signs of chroma noise or bleeding in the image.
Colors are bright and vibrant without any bleeding.
Colors are bright and vivid and edge enhancement is minimal.
Colors are bright and vivid with little or no bleeding, even in the most garish, neon-lit scenes.
Colors are bright and vivid without a trace of noise.
Colors are bright and vivid, and looks better than the movie ever has.
Colors are bright and vivid, but never enter into problems with bleeding or blooming.
Colors are bright and vivid, with excellent saturation.
Colors are bright and vivid.
Colors are bright blue with black trim.
Colors are bright blues, greens, reds and yellows with white for accent.
Colors are bright cobalt and green.
Colors are bright pastels.
Colors are bright red and medium blue.
Colors are bright red with black shading on a white background.
Colors are bright shades of yellow.
Colors are bright silver, white,orange and gold.
Colors are bright with just a bit of swirl that keeps it from looking plastic.
Colors are bright with nice golden hue.
Colors are bright with no errors, flesh tones are natural, and contrast is correct and consistent.
Colors are bright yellow and leaf green with gold-plated edging.
Colors are bright, accurate, and realistically saturated.
Colors are bright, although there is very minor fade to the blue felt.
Colors are bright, and the blacks are deep, with great contrast.
Colors are bright, clean and overwhelming.
Colors are bright, clean and saturated.
Colors are bright, contrast levels outstanding.
Colors are bright, solid and artifact-free.
Colors are bright, stamp is excellent,writing is unfaded.
Colors are bright, usually coming from the glow of the cubes' walls.
Colors are bright, very little gold wear, and free of any cracks or chips.
Colors are bright, vibrant and photo-quality.
Colors are bright, well-defined, and solid as a rock.
Colors are bright.
Colors are brighter and clearer.
Colors are brighter and contrast sharper.
Colors are brighter and more crisp than photo shows.
Colors are brighter and more vibrant and different colors can be fired together.
Colors are brighter and there is much less glare.
Colors are brighter than photo.
Colors are brighter than pictured.
Colors are brighter than scanned here because of light conditions with scanner.
Colors are brighter, images are sharper.
Colors are brighter, people are more interesting, and life is more exciting and surprising.
Colors are brighter, sounds more distinct, foods tastier.
Colors are brighter, sunshine is warmer.
Colors are brilliant and clear and markings are well balanced, with or without mask or blaze.
Colors are brilliant and clear, and markings are well balanced, with or without mask or blaze.
Colors are brilliant and contrast offers a dazzling range.
Colors are brilliant and extremely long-lasting.
Colors are brilliant and fast.
Colors are brilliant and stimulating.
Colors are brilliant and the images are sharp.
Colors are brilliant and well contained and there was no evident ringing of image.
Colors are bronze and white.
Colors are brown or hazel.
Colors are brown, black and white.
Colors are brown, blue-green, green, olive, dark gold, and garnet.
Colors are brown, dark grayish brown, or yellowish brown.
Colors are brown, mustard, olive, and cream, with red finial brackets.
Colors are brown, white, blue, gray, ivory, and dark bronze.
Colors are browns and pinks.
Colors are browns, tans, sepia.
Colors are burgundy, chartreuse, raisin and dark green on cocoa background.
Colors are but a pale reproduction of the real thing.
Colors are by means colored insulation.
Colors are canary yellow and tones of varigated greens.
Colors are charcoal and rose.
Colors are chartreuse, magenta, dark green and grey.
Colors are chartreuse, magenta, grey and pink on med.
Colors are cheerful and luminous.
Colors are clean and perfectly saturated.
Colors are clean and text is crisp.
Colors are clean and well saturated, without a sign of bleeding amongst the more intense hues.
Colors are clear, black and saphir.
Colors are clear.
Colors are cobalt blue, clear, purple, yellow, pink and red.
Colors are codes that indicate the mission relationship in day to day work.
Colors are compatible with end tab systems using the bar style format.
Colors are consistent and uniform.
Colors are consistently accurate and vibrant.
Colors are consistently accurate with a wide range of skin tones.
Colors are consistently rich and varied in tone.
Colors are consistently strong, the image is never less than sharp.
Colors are copper, steel, gunmetal and bronze.
Colors are cream and burgundy.
Colors are cream and gold.
Colors are cream, gold and pastels.
Colors are creams, sand, brownish peaches, and greens that range from sage to mossy to olive.
Colors are creamy white and burgundy red.
Colors are crisp and bright, and there are no chips, flaws or repairs.
Colors are crisp and solid, if intentionally a bit drab, while fleshtones look very natural.
Colors are crisp and vivid, making the display a pleasure to use.
Colors are crisp, weather information clear, and links easy to locate.
Colors are crisp.
Colors are customizable.
Colors are dark and earthy, mixed with warm beiges.
Colors are dark and muddy and shadow details are indistinct.
Colors are dark at the bottom and light at the top.
Colors are dark blue and orange-red on a white background.
Colors are dark green and burgundy.
Colors are dark green, magenta, white and grey on ivory light-weight barkcloth.
Colors are darker as the day proceeds.
Colors are dazzlingly bright.
Colors are dead on, detail is crystal clear an no shimmering was found at all.
Colors are decent and black levels are solid.
Colors are deep and rich or icy pale and cool.
Colors are deep and rich with the small faceted pieces, creating the glittering heavens.
Colors are deep and rich, while grain is nearly nil.
Colors are deep and rich, with exceptional detail and absolutely no sign of edge enhancement.
Colors are deep and rich.
Colors are deep and vivid without a trace of noise or smearing.
Colors are deep, reds jump off the screen and the contrasts work well.
Colors are described using a combination of varied hues, tones and intensity levels.
Colors are different algae species within coral.
Colors are different here.
Colors are difficult to portray on a web page.
Colors are dirty.
Colors are diverse.
Colors are dominants of grays and blacks.
Colors are due to different kinds of corpuscles, each a particular color.
Colors are due to holes in upper atmosphere.
Colors are dynamic, bright and vivid.
Colors are earth tones - dark browns and greens, with occasional gold trim.
Colors are easier to see in an emergency.
Colors are easy to change.
Colors are easy to choose in harmonizing shades.
Colors are either vibrant and cheery or dark and gloomy as the scene dictates.
Colors are either warm or cool, depending upon the hue.
Colors are energetic with a kaleidoscope effect.
Colors are energy, made manifest as light.
Colors are especially vivid during the computer graphic sequences of the film.
Colors are especially vivid, including blood reds and golden ambers.
Colors are evening shades with a splendid golden sunset.
Colors are exaggerated and shapes are simplified.
Colors are excellent for visualization training.
Colors are excellent, with rich hues and colorful tones throughout.
Colors are excellent.
Colors are exceptional.
Colors are exceptionally bright and vivid.
Colors are extraordinary and the compositions are exquisite.
Colors are extremely natural looking, with good integrity and containment.
Colors are extremely vivid with no signs of over saturation.
Colors are eye-popping and brilliant.
Colors are facts but a very special type of facts .
Colors are fairly accurate, but are slightly washed out, again probably due to choice of film stock.
Colors are fairly accurate, but the overall level of sharpness varies greatly from scene to scene.
Colors are fairly bold looking, while the flesh tones remain very natural.
Colors are fairly drab, and the ground textures are only so-so.
Colors are fairly natural in appearance and look better than other movies from the same period.
Colors are fairly pleasing on the pan and scan transfer.
Colors are fairly strong and hot hues reproduce without any color noise or distortion.
Colors are fairly strong and the flesh tones appear natural.
Colors are fairly strong, especially reds, which are quite vivid.
Colors are fairly subtle, as the film seems to stick to a very cool and natural palette.
Colors are fairly vibrant and the flesh tones are appealing.
Colors are fairly vibrant, and flesh tones are suitably unnatural.
Colors are far more useful.
Colors are fast.
Colors are fawn or brindle, with or without appropriate white markings.
Colors are feminine, style is non obtrusive, and words are kept to a minimum.
Colors are fine and saturation is okay.
Colors are fine.
Colors are flat and lifeless for the most part.
Colors are for air-dry soil unless otherwise stated.
Colors are for dry soil unless otherwise stated.
Colors are for the home field unless choice is specified.
Colors are forest green logo on gray.
Colors are forest green, midnight blue, brown, and burgundy.
Colors are fragrant, but they fade away.
Colors are frequently bright, with high contrast.
Colors are fresh and easy to live with and shapes are soft, somewhat romantic.
Colors are fresh and well saturated and the image is finely detailed.
Colors are fresh, vibrant and well reproduced, without any anomalies.
Colors are from process.
Colors are full and rich, with great metallic tones as well as the normal primaries.
Colors are fully customizable via a configuration window.
Colors are fully customizable.
Colors are fun.
Colors are fushia, teal and royal.
Colors are generally good but tend to lean toward a more orange tint, especially in flesh tones.
Colors are generally redder toward the nucleus.
Colors are gold, black and green on creme white background.
Colors are good and the fabric well adapted for loosely folded drapes.
Colors are good and the image is sharp and clean.
Colors are good, and they'd better be considering all the reds, greens and yellows on the screen.
Colors are good.
Colors are gorgeous, providing deep, solid blacks, and natural looking flesh tones.
Colors are gray, black or blue with bright yellow, orange white or red spots.
Colors are grays that are enriched with colors like sage green and lavender.
Colors are great and once again a great selection.
Colors are great and the contents outstading.
Colors are great but worn in a few places over the many years.
Colors are great for making a plain site look great.
Colors are great for teams.
Colors are great with NO jaggies.
Colors are great, resolutiuon is great, sharpness is very good.
Colors are green and black on a yellow background.
Colors are green and orange on a white background.
Colors are green and white.
Colors are green tweed in the pew fabric and beige, rose and teal in the carpet.
Colors are green, orange and black on a white background.
Colors are green, orange, high-visibility, etc.
Colors are green, rust red, burnt orange with the dress an iridescent blue from butterfly wings.
Colors are green, white or black.
Colors are green, with a very pretty greenish yellow on the lower part .
Colors are greenish outdoors, and reddish to violet under artificial light.
Colors are grey, black, mahogany, mixed lots only.
Colors are grizzle, slate, smoke, particolor, black white and brown.
Colors are hashable.
Colors are hazel, brown.
Colors are highly opaque and lay down smoothly.
Colors are hot pink, orange, yellow and bright green.
Colors are hot stamped on gold, silver or white mylar, laminated and then applied to solid brass.
Colors are important .
Colors are important for any web page.
Colors are important to most children.
Colors are important while figuring out the puzzle.
Colors are important.
Colors are impossible to represent in their exact state.
Colors are in blues, reds, purples, and greens.
Colors are in pastels with down comforters.
Colors are in spectral order, with black below blue and white above red.
Colors are in tertiary tones of green, blue, light brown, purple and orange.
Colors are in the drop down box.
Colors are in the mid range of pink, yellow and apricot.
Colors are in varying combinations that include browns, greens and reds.
Colors are inconsistent.
Colors are incredibly deep and beautiful.
Colors are incredibly vibrant when used for effect.
Colors are incredibly vibrant, and the flesh tones are very appealing.
Colors are incredibly vibrant, and the image is super sharp.
Colors are intense yet with broad range.
Colors are intermixable and water proof.
Colors are invertible and a larger pointer is an option.
Colors are just the beginning.
Colors are just the same as on the previous plots.
Colors are laced indigo, blue, yellow, black, red and others.
Colors are largely tans and browns, with splashes of primaries to add some flair.
Colors are later variant.
Colors are lavender and yellow.
Colors are lemon, green, and mauve.
Colors are less consistent.
Colors are less vibrant.
Colors are light and proportions are pleasing.
Colors are light and summery.
Colors are light blue and dark blue on a white background.
Colors are light blue and gray with black upholstery.
Colors are light blue, yellow, pink, white, black, and green.
Colors are light grey through intermediate shadings to black.
Colors are limited to red or black.
Colors are limited to red, blue, green, yellow, aqua, brown and black.
Colors are limited, but it does come in all variations of camouflage.
Colors are limited.
Colors are lively, accurate, and stable.
Colors are lt.
Colors are lush and spectacular.
Colors are lush and vivid, exteriors bask in bright sunshine, and interiors have a warm luster.
Colors are magenta, dark green and pale yellow on light-weight barkcloth.
Colors are magenta, dk.
Colors are magic.
Colors are magnificent.
Colors are mainly in shades of red, yellow, or brown.
Colors are many and mixed, coupled and co-ordinated.
Colors are maroon on reflecitve turquoise.
Colors are mauve and cream.
Colors are medium brown, earth tones, lots of nail heads.
Colors are mixed and varied.
Colors are mixed, studied and changed to find the right grouping or palette.
Colors are more consistent, and therefore more distinctive.
Colors are more even than jpg suggests.
Colors are more muted.
Colors are more often solid and neutral than bright and patterned.
Colors are more saturated and appear more accurate.
Colors are more true at bottom of photo.
Colors are more vibrant, bright and realistic, especially on photographs.
Colors are more vivid and repeatable.
Colors are most commonly white, pale tan or light green.
Colors are most impressive, with bold reds, grassy greens and bright blues.
Colors are mostly accurate and solid without a trace of chroma noise.
Colors are mostly blue and canary with some shapes in white known.
Colors are mostly different shades of pink.
Colors are mostly shades of blue and white.
Colors are mostly stable but lack the definition of an image shot on celluloid.
Colors are mostly subdued browns, olives, tans, golds, and black, but multi-hued mottling is common.
Colors are mostly tans, browns, creamy whites and greys with a grey blue sky.
Colors are much more brilliant than portrayed in patterns.
Colors are much more rich.
Colors are much more vivid on the prints than on the scanned images.
Colors are muddy and faded compared with most of the real things.
Colors are muddy, and details are lost in the highlights.
Colors are natural and have well saturated hues.
Colors are natural and rich.
Colors are natural and stable with very accurate fleshtones.
Colors are natural with staggering solidity that never bleeds.
Colors are natural, pale pink and a very mutted shade of mauve.
Colors are natural.
Colors are navy blue or white.
Colors are navy blue with yellow print.
Colors are neutral or pastel.
Colors are nice, and the whites are pretty white, although a bit blotchy.
Colors are nice, buttons well designed and instructions easy to follow.
Colors are nice, detail is accurate and brightness is acceptable.
Colors are nice.
Colors are nicely saturated and reproduce without chroma noise or bleeding.
Colors are nicely saturated and the flesh tones appear fairly natural.
Colors are no exception.
Colors are normally brighter than shown above.
Colors are nothing but vibrations that are vibrating at different frequencies.
Colors are notoriously difficult to name and describe, so a good color book is a great help.
Colors are notoriously difficult to perceive and describe objectively.
Colors are notoriously fickle and regional.
Colors are now available in various shades from red to blues.
Colors are now consistent for multi-day symposia.
Colors are of the dry soil unless otherwise stated.
Colors are off.
Colors are often highly political and religious.
Colors are often more intense.
Colors are often neutral to allow opportunity to add personal color accents.
Colors are okay.
Colors are on a first come, first serve basis.
Colors are optional.
Colors are orange, gold, yellow, red and bronze.
Colors are original.
Colors are overall pretty accurate but tend to look muted and are very inconsistent.
Colors are painted on a sky never seen our visions make sounds, so our senses believe.
Colors are pale greens and pinks.
Colors are passe.
Colors are pastels of aquas,pinks and off white.
Colors are pearl blue, black or white.
Colors are permanent when dry.
Colors are phenomenal, but the realities of men are essence.
Colors are pigment concentrations, with red colors indicating highest values.
Colors are pink and pale green with lilacs in prints and wallpaper.
Colors are pink cloud, powder blue, red, royal, black, cappuccino, blue spruce and french lavender.
Colors are pink, blue, and cream.
Colors are pink, green, and blue in the border and coral and light green in the purse.
Colors are pink, lavender, black, spring green, and off-white.
Colors are possible from light grey, all kinds of chestnut, or bay, to black and spotted.
Colors are powerful symbols.
Colors are precincts.
Colors are predominantly rust, cream, and green.
Colors are predominately peach, purple and browns.
Colors are predominately solid red or yellow, or red and white spotted.
Colors are predominately white and green.
Colors are pretty fresh looking and offer reasonable saturation.
Colors are pretty, but they look unprofessional.
Colors are primal to our lives.
Colors are primarily in the purple to lavender spectrum, some with splashes of white.
Colors are primordial ideas, the children of light.
Colors are pure and uniform.
Colors are purple and green.
Colors are purple, black and green on white creme background.
Colors are purple, black, and navy.
Colors are purple, turquoise, red and black on a creme white background.
Colors are purposely discordant to preserve tension in the design.
Colors are quite good even without xcmsdb , and better when properly calibrated.
Colors are quite natural-looking with excellent saturation and no smearing.
Colors are quite vibrant and are reproduced without any form of chromatic distortion.
Colors are quite vibrant on the DVD and reproduce without any distortion.
Colors are quite vibrant with no signs of breakup or bleeding beyond their boundaries.
Colors are quite vivid and are reproduced without any signs of chroma noise or distortion.
Colors are quite vivid and flesh tones appear natural under all lighting conditions.
Colors are quite vivid and the flesh tones always look appealing.
Colors are quite vivid and the image is richly detailed.
Colors are quite vivid and the richly saturated hues reproduce with nary a problem.
Colors are quite vivid.
Colors are raisin, red med.
Colors are random.
Colors are rather restrained looking, which enhances the overall atmosphere of the film.
Colors are rather rich looking, while flesh tones are reproduced quite naturally.
Colors are raw, but the feeling is nice.
Colors are really delicious.
Colors are red and black on white.
Colors are red and black.
Colors are red and blue on a white background.
Colors are red and white.
Colors are red and yellow on a black background.
Colors are red and yellow.
Colors are red on a white background.
Colors are red with white markings.
Colors are red, black, brown, and natural.
Colors are red, blue, yellow, and green.
Colors are red, dark green, chartruese and black.
Colors are red, fushia, purple, orange and green.
Colors are red, gray, brown, white, etc.
Colors are red, green, black and yellow.
Colors are red, green, navy, gold and brown.
Colors are red, green, orange, brown, yellow, and purple.
Colors are red, green, pink and black.
Colors are red, orange, gold, yellow, green, blue, purple and reddish brown.
Colors are red, white and blue.
Colors are red,purple,gold,white and silver.
Colors are red-oraneg, green and purple.
Colors are relatively strong with oly a slight shift or flicker here and there.
Colors are representational and as accurate as possible.
Colors are representational.
Colors are results of process.
Colors are retained from the old edit count templates .
Colors are retained from the old edit count templates.
Colors are rich and bold, while black levels, contrast, and shadow details appear flawless.
Colors are rich and bright, with no movement fade.
Colors are rich and deeply saturated with only the barest hint of chroma noise.
Colors are rich and full, and range all over the spectrum.
Colors are rich and fully saturated, while the flesh tones maintain a completely natural balance.
Colors are rich and fully saturated, with accurate fleshtones and deep, pure blacks.
Colors are rich and natural, and black text is sharp and clean.
Colors are rich and offer excellent saturation.
Colors are rich and smoothly rendered, which complements the sharp, highly detailed image.
Colors are rich and vibrant, black level is perfect, and shadow detail sharp.
Colors are rich and vibrant, but a little bit on the dark side.
Colors are rich and vibrant, while flesh tones appear completely natural.
Colors are rich and vivid, free from all but minor distortion, and flesh tones are natural as well.
Colors are rich and vivid, while the film s flesh tones maintain a very natural appearance.
Colors are rich and vivid, with the lush jungle hues never succumbing to chroma noise of distortion.
Colors are rich and vivid.
Colors are rich and well balanced.
Colors are rich and well saturated without bleeding.
Colors are rich and well saturated, accurately rendered, and the level of detail is sharp.
Colors are rich and well saturated, with good detail in both shadow and highlights.
Colors are rich browns, blacks, rusts and blues.
Colors are rich looking without appearing over-saturated and the flesh tones are right on the money.
Colors are rich reds, purples and bronze.
Colors are rich yet subtle, and there is a wealth of detail usually seen only in a glossy print.
Colors are rich, black levels are well calibrated, dirt and lint is almost non-existent.
Colors are rich, but the image is a bit soft and dark looking.
Colors are rich, contrasts are stark and shadow tones are solid.
Colors are rich, flesh tones are dead on and the blacks are, for the most part, solid.
Colors are rich, fully saturated and faithfully rendered without any flaws.
Colors are rich, text is sharp, no blur, and runs all resolutons without a problem.
Colors are richer and tones are deeper due to the ability to add more dots per inch.
Colors are richer.
Colors are richly vibrant, with the warmer hues appearing quite sumptuous.
Colors are rock solid and perfectly saturated.
Colors are royal blue or kelly green.
Colors are royal blue, navy blue, green and grey.
Colors are royal blue, navy, white.
Colors are royal blue, purple, teal, linen, and black.
Colors are safe, non-toxic and fade resistant.
Colors are same as lamps.
Colors are sand or navy.
Colors are sand, ash and yellow.
Colors are screen approximations only.
Colors are screen printed in solid or halftone colors.
Colors are shades of brown.
Colors are shades of green and brown.
Colors are shades of indigo and grey blue, olive, moss green and ivory.
Colors are shades of wheaten, with light clear, most desireable.
Colors are sharp and bright with no fading or weather exposure.
Colors are sharp and crisp.
Colors are sharp and the image itself appears more properly focused.
Colors are sharp and true.
Colors are sharp and vibrant, while flesh tones are simply human.
Colors are sharp and vivid and fleshtones look great.
Colors are sharp and vivid, and text is crisp as toast.
Colors are sharp, but the picture seems a bit dark at times.
Colors are sharp, characters are very smooth-looking, the terrain is beautiful.
Colors are sharp, vibrant and distortionless from every angle.
Colors are significantly more vibrant when compared to an ink-based print.
Colors are silver, apricot-fawn, or black.
Colors are simple and few.
Colors are simply different wavelengths of light that are reflected by objects back.
Colors are simply light waves of different lengths.
Colors are so clear and the map is foggy.
Colors are so wonderfully vivid that many of the hues threaten to leap off the screen.
Colors are soft and sophisticated.
Colors are soft and surreal.
Colors are soft but fresh and clear.
Colors are soft earth tones.
Colors are soft lilac through pink and white.
Colors are soft pastels with pretty floral border wallpapers.
Colors are soft, and pretty, to go with the new living room that is tomorrow's kitchen.
Colors are softer and more subtle like an opal that is illuminated by the morning light.
Colors are softly muted browns, grays, yellows, blues and pinks.
Colors are solid and accurate with barely a trace of chroma noise.
Colors are solid and accurate with no bleeding or chroma noise.
Colors are solid and accurate with only a trace of chroma noise here and there.
Colors are solid and accurate without a trace of noise.
Colors are solid and appear accurate.
Colors are solid and exhibit little bleed, and flesh tones are natural and even.
Colors are solid and the image is very clear with good detail.
Colors are solid black, black with white, gray phase.
Colors are solid black, chocolate and yellow.
Colors are solid with no noticable noise.
Colors are solid, and bleeding is very rare.
Colors are solid, though a bit faded in most scenes.
Colors are solid, with natural schemes and correct flesh tones.
Colors are somehow more vibrant.
Colors are sometimes garish but mostly subdued.
Colors are somewhat faded and fleshtones tend toward pink in a number of scenes.
Colors are somewhat flat, and some shots look surprisingly soft.
Colors are somewhat inaccurate.
Colors are somewhat muted.
Colors are somewhat subdued and tend to favor earthen tones.
Colors are sophisticated and clean.
Colors are sparkly black and silver with a shiny wet look.
Colors are sparkly red and silver with a shiny wet look.
Colors are specific to manufacturers.
Colors are splashiest when a dozen or more of the same variety are planted in a clump.
Colors are stable but a bit faded.
Colors are stable, but some scenes heavy in red lighting look soft.
Colors are steel gray and turquoise blue.
Colors are still black, black, and more black.
Colors are still bright.
Colors are still sharp and vibrant.
Colors are strong and accurate, but can also be washed out by the intense, overhead sunlight.
Colors are strong and flesh tones very natural.
Colors are strong and fresh looking, which makes the film appear a lot newer than it actually is.
Colors are strong and rock solid, with absolutely no bleeding from one color to the next.
Colors are strong and saturated without being overblown, and the camera's metering is first rate.
Colors are strong and sharp, black and white is stark in quality.
Colors are strong and solid, never smearing at all.
Colors are strong and there is no evidence of chroma noise of bleeding.
Colors are strong and well reproduced, without any signs of distortion.
Colors are strong, especially hot reds and cold blues.
Colors are strong, no rips or tears.
Colors are strong, though often take on a brownish hue.
Colors are strong, vibrant and authoritative.
Colors are strong, with natural looking flesh tones and no signs of chromatic distortion.
Colors are strong, with natural looking flesh tones and no traces of chromatic distortion.
Colors are strong.
Colors are stronger than they have appeared in the past, appearing very solid and convincing.
Colors are strongly rendered, however flesh tones remain completely natural looking throughout.
Colors are subject to availability.
Colors are subject to change without notice.
Colors are subject to fabric availability.
Colors are subtle and luminous.
Colors are subtle but beautiful and solid, never smearing and retaining an extremely natural look.
Colors are sumptuous, while the flesh tones are very natural.
Colors are sunfast, lime proof, weather resistant, and packaged to insure consistent color mixing.
Colors are surprisingly good, appearing a bit more vibrant than they have in the past.
Colors are surprisingly vivid on good DVD transfers - fully saturated, yet still sharp.
Colors are Symbolic Different cultures apply very different meanings to color.
Colors are symbolic of the emotions.
Colors are symbolic.
Colors are teal and mauve.
Colors are teal, green, rust and gold on creme white background.
Colors are teal, off white, with pink roses.
Colors are the children of light, and light is their mother.
Colors are the club s logo, the patch that all members wear.
Colors are the effect of particular frequencies of vibration and polarities.
Colors are the same as in the color logo but appear on a white field.
Colors are the same as in the original.
Colors are the same as the poly-cotton below.
Colors are the same in all pony beads and colors match all our U.S.A. made beads.
Colors are throughout the panel.
Colors are to be maintained against fading and discoloration, and free of stains and burns.
Colors are to be white with blue stripe.
Colors are to more easily display how vi works.
Colors are too dark.
Colors are too down, earth tones, looks sad and depresssing.
Colors are too laid back for the thematic material.
Colors are traditional white, taupe or black.
Colors are transparent with a matte finish on one side and a shiny finish on the other.
Colors are transparent, even black.
Colors are true and clear.
Colors are true and images are sharp, very sharp.
Colors are true and solid.
Colors are true to the originals and the black and white prints are crisp.
Colors are truer to the originals.
Colors are truly stunning, with bright cheery reds and flattering flesh tones.
Colors are turquoise, brown, black, blue, red, tan.
Colors are turquoise, cobalt, olive, purple swirls.
Colors are two shades or orange, gold and black on creme background.
Colors are typically brightest as the breeding season approaches, and palest after breeding.
Colors are typically in the warm range, from golden yellow through orange and into reds.
Colors are unaltered, as light is transmitted uniformly over the entire spectrum.
Colors are unexpected hues of yellow, gold, pink, and turquoise-indigo blue.
Colors are universal.
Colors are unobtrusive.
Colors are unsupported.
Colors are used to show the amount of support each candidate received .
Colors are used to show the amount of support each candidate received.
Colors are used to show the different states .
Colors are used to show the different states.
Colors are usually clear and vivid, without any distortion.
Colors are usually quite vibrant, while the flesh tones remain natural and appealing.
Colors are usually soft and muted making statements of quiet beauty.
Colors are usually solid but at times look a bit faded.
Colors are usually sorrel or chestnut, with flaxen manes and tails.
Colors are usually vivid and the flesh tones appear rather healthy.
Colors are usually warm and cozy rather than bold.
Colors are usually white, cream or gray.
Colors are usually yellow, tan, and fawn in various shades and brindled.
Colors are vague and intensify as the sun comes up.
Colors are variable but typically are grayish with redox concentrations present.
Colors are variable during development and among individuals.
Colors are variable.
Colors are varied and the look of different buildings is wonderful.
Colors are varied with lots of naturals.
Colors are various shades of brown with some lighter longitudinal stripes.
Colors are various shades of dark to light green.
Colors are various shades of pale yellow.
Colors are various shades of purple.
Colors are various shades of yellow to light yellow-green.
Colors are very accurate and perfectly saturated.
Colors are very bright and vivid.
Colors are VERY bright and vivid.
Colors are very bright.
Colors are very delicate and the various mood sections are accurately reproduced.
Colors are very even throughout with no hot spots or noticeable shifting.
Colors are very good on the full frame version and the image is well detailed.
Colors are very important . . .
Colors are very important.
Colors are very light, but look good.
Colors are very natural and lifelike.
Colors are very natural, but slightly muted, particularly the bright yellow swatch.
Colors are very nice, with solid saturation and natural flesh tones.
Colors are very rich and bright, but never wander into oversaturation.
Colors are very rich and lush, and black levels are right on target.
Colors are very saturated, and there's a slight yellowish cast overall.
Colors are very significant.
Colors are very solid with natural hues and no breakup in the image.
Colors are very strong and are faithfully recreated.
Colors are very strong and very stable.
Colors are very strong, as is detail, and there is surprisingly little grain in the image.
Colors are very subdued and they take on a very neutral appearance.
Colors are very vibrant and reproduce on DVD without a hint of chroma noise or distortion.
Colors are very vibrant at times too vibrant but make for spectacular outdoors scenery.
Colors are very vibrant.
Colors are very vivid and are reproduced without a trace of color noise or bleeding.
Colors are very vivid and clearly visible.
Colors are very well balanced.
Colors are very well saturated and the flesh tones appear exceedingly healthy.
Colors are very well-rendered.
Colors are vibrant and are recreated without any visible flaws.
Colors are vibrant and are reproduced without and form chroma noise or bleeding.
Colors are vibrant and cut scenes are accomplished with fluid camera movements.
Colors are vibrant and graphic images are top-notch.
Colors are vibrant and piece is in excellent condition.
Colors are vibrant and realistic.
Colors are vibrant and reproduced without any signs of chroma noise or bleeding.
Colors are vibrant and scaled, no bleeding or oversaturation.
Colors are vibrant and screens are warm and detailed.
Colors are vibrant and solid without bleeding.
Colors are vibrant and stable, and the production numbers beautifully rendered.
Colors are vibrant and the backgrounds are detailed.
Colors are vibrant and the DVD reproduces the well-saturated hues without a bit of chroma noise.
Colors are vibrant and the flesh tones appear quite accurate.
Colors are vibrant and the flesh tones are right on the money.
Colors are vibrant and the flesh tones are very appealing.
Colors are vibrant and the picture is relatively blemish free.
Colors are vibrant and uplifting, animation adds excitement.
Colors are vibrant through out and the CGI has been well melded into the cel animation.
Colors are vibrant to the point of being unreal.
Colors are vibrant with eye-popping shades of blue, red and yellow.
Colors are vibrant, and super-saturated to give a stylized look to the film.
Colors are vibrant, and very stable except for a tiny bit of bleeding in the more intense reds.
Colors are vibrant, assured, and the image is exceptionally sharp.
Colors are vibrant, blacks velvety.
Colors are vibrant, prints are unwrinkled.
Colors are vibrant, textures are complex and gorgeous.
Colors are vibrant, the score ear-shattering, the sound effects better than ever.
Colors are vibrant, with the dusty desert vista looking especially warm and appealing.
Colors are vibrant.
Colors are vibrantly lively and very well defined.
Colors are visible light energy of certain wavelengths.
Colors are vivid and are cleanly reproduced without any bothersome chroma noise or distortion.
Colors are vivid and bright, almost unaturally so, but fade immediately after death.
Colors are vivid and colorful, particularly in scenes like the lottery drawing.
Colors are vivid and extremely lifelike across the spectrum.
Colors are vivid and noise free.
Colors are vivid and precise.
Colors are vivid and primitive.
Colors are vivid and reproduce flawlessly.
Colors are vivid and the image is finely detailed.
Colors are vivid, and images have more depth and three-dimensionality.
Colors are vivid, artifacts are absent, and the image is quite pleasing.
Colors are vivid, with richly saturated hues.
Colors are warm and crisply defined, and fleshtones appear natural.
Colors are warm and realistic, voices are gentle.
Colors are warm and receptive to yield a friendly, secure feeling to the interior.
Colors are warm and rich, with plenty of oranges and browns.
Colors are warm but vivid, with excellent saturation.
Colors are warm earth tones of brown, gold, green, and dark red.
Colors are warm with excellent saturation that displays no bleeding or fading.
Colors are watery, and images are blurred.
Colors are wavelengths of light.
Colors are well balanced and mostly solid.
Colors are well blended, and the concept is nice.
Colors are well defined with rich blacks and subtle textures in the darker scenes.
Colors are well rendered, blacks are solid and the image is detailed and free of enhancements.
Colors are well reproduced, with natural to slightly more vivid saturation.
Colors are well reproduced, without any evidence of chroma noise or bleeding.
Colors are well saturated and flesh tones appear quite healthy.
Colors are well saturated and reasonably accurate.
Colors are well saturated too, it's simply a very nice transfer.
Colors are well saturated, black level is solid and contrast is also very good.
Colors are well saturated, but they are rock solid without a trace of bleeding or distortion.
Colors are well saturated, perhaps a bit too much at times, which caused a bit of fuzziness.
Colors are well saturated, while chroma noise remained completely nil.
Colors are well saturated, while the black level is deep and true.
Colors are well saturated, yet never betray a hint of distortion.
Colors are white on green.
Colors are white or ash.
Colors are white with navy blue stripes and gray interior.
Colors are white, ash, jade, skylark, blue, calyx and cranberry.
Colors are white, ash, pink cloud, powder blue, cherry and teal.
Colors are white, ash, pink cloud, powder blue, skylark and seafoam.
Colors are white, beige and black.
Colors are white, black, and beige.
Colors are white, black, soft pink and pale green.
Colors are white, cherry and teal.
Colors are white, flat black and red.
Colors are white, gray, beige or black.
Colors are white, lavender, and art shades.
Colors are white, light blue, dark blue and green.
Colors are white, pink, blue, mint, peach, and yellow, and are tied with a white ribbon.
Colors are white, pink, or red.
Colors are white, yellow, and red.
Colors are white, yellow, cream, pink, rose, and deep red.
Colors are wine, black, royal and red.
Colors are wonderful and strong.
Colors are wonderfully vibrant and are reproduced without chroma noise or distortion.
Colors are wonderfully vibrant and perfectly reproduced, without any distortion or bleeding.
Colors are yellow and black on a white background.
Colors are yellow and burgundy.
Colors are yellow and gray with black upholstery.
Colors are yellow and magenta on a green background.
Colors are yellow with white tint.
Colors are yellow, brown and bright green on white pique cotton.
Colors are yellow, brown, green, violet, blue, and colorless.
Colors are yellow, orange, brown, rust and red.
Colors are yellow, pink, white, rose, crimson, scarlet, black, and purple.
Colors are yellow, red, blue, and green.
Colors areblack with red and white striping.
Colors avail .
Colors Azure blue and white are the official colors for Alpha Delta Pi.
Colors Be aware of web-safe colors .
Colors become darker upon brief exposure to air.
Colors become dull, the famous tomato red turns brown and even disappears entirely.
Colors become ideas.
Colors become increasingly muted, less intense in the distance.
Colors become intense primaries, filling in the sketchiness of the early drawing.
Colors become more brilliant and appealing.
Colors become more pronounced as spawning time approaches.
Colors become more vibrant.
Colors become muted, less vibrant.
Colors become muted.
Colors become progressively cooler in the distance, except for whites.
Colors become progressively lighter in value as the distance away from the viewer increases.
Colors become rich and warm.
Colors become sensationally deep in heat.
Colors become warmer, more vivid.
Colors begin to brighten and then it goes just as quick, but it'll be back.
Colors behave somewhat differently when mixed on a computer.
Colors below are ones commonly found in the speices, with variation with cultivars.
Colors below are the same pattern as the colors above.
Colors betray a berg's nature or origin.
Colors blend and contract.
Colors blend and overlap to give a wide range of value and hue.
Colors blend easily on almost any surface.
Colors blend very well and are safe for the eye area's .
Colors blind the eye.
Colors bloom and fade, shadows grow longer and more ominous, light becomes darkness.
Colors brighten in a dazzling display of the potential of light.
Colors calibrate to photographic standards for precision and long term stability.
Colors can actually affect our physiology.
Colors can advance and recede and have certain psychological connotations.
Colors can affect infrared.
Colors can also be a give-away.
Colors can also be mixed for tinting and shading.
Colors can also camouflage and warn when there is nothing about the insect that is harmful.
Colors can also convey or reinforce certain ideas.
Colors can also make animals more attractive to each other when they mate.
Colors can also range from intense yellow to brown, blue, green, pink and red.
Colors can appear either over-saturated or washed out.
Colors can be a big factor in muskie fishing.
Colors can be almost anything, especially for scratchbuilt fantasy spaceships.
Colors can be blue, red, yellow, green, black, or white or any combination.
Colors can be creatively mixed to provide an accent to special floor areas.
Colors can be effective for borders.
Colors can be either yellow or brown.
Colors can be elegant white, white with red lip, lavender, and peppermint stripe.
Colors can be in word or hex values.
Colors can be mixed and matched.
Colors can be mixed or unmixed.
Colors can be mixed to make new colors.
Colors can be mixed.
Colors can be one.
Colors can be over drawn with other colors for texture effects or value gradations.
Colors can be pastels or jewel tones, with contrasting.
Colors can be soft and delicate or bright and bold jewel tones.
Colors can be translucent, transparent, or opaque.
Colors can be tricky.
Colors can be very bright in the daytime, but in the dark, they are dim and dull.
Colors can be vivid or subdued.
Colors can be yellow, redbrown, blue, light green and colorless.
Colors can change dramatically depending on changes in their surrounding colors.
Colors can clash.
Colors can create a mood or feeling.
Colors can create images.
Colors can describe and identify objects.
Colors can easily differentiate zones on maps or highlight curves on drawings.
Colors can energize, soothe, drain, nurture, etc.
Colors can evoke positive emotions, alter perceived sizes and minimize cosmetic flaws.
Colors can fade and whites turn yellow.
Colors can flow from one area to the next in transitions that are virtually seamless.
Colors can give the taster clues to the grape variety, and whether the wine was aged in wood.
Colors can gradually intensify or become lighter or darker gradually.
Colors can have positive and negative impact.
Colors can help to identify one system from another.
Colors can impart a sense of temperature.
Colors can incite a strong response and, when mixed, they can create an even stronger effect.
Colors can include black, red, gray, brown and tan, metallic sliver, pink, and green.
Colors can include shades of green, blue-green, yellow, brown or red.
Colors can look dim, and words on a page can blur and run together in patches.
Colors can make a website attractive.
Colors can mean and represent many things.
Colors can mix and interact.
Colors can range anywhere from off-white to dark green.
Colors can range from colorless to black.
Colors can range from colorless, yellow to green and lilac pink.
Colors can range from rich greens to bright yellows, reds, oranges, blues, violets, and more.
Colors can range from slate gray to vivid orange.
Colors can range from wheaten to dark red to black and tan or grizzled.
Colors can range from white, yellow, orange, red, and brown when ripe.
Colors can range in a fair amount of variety.
Colors can soothe or excite.
Colors can sway thinking, change actions and cause reactions.
Colors can vary according to the intensity of the heat and the chemicals used.
Colors can vary based on screen resolution, monitor color depth, and video card drivers.
Colors can vary from clear, to pink, rosy-red, yellow, honey, green, blue, violet, brown and black .
Colors can vary from computer to computer.
Colors can vary from one lot to another.
Colors can vary from straw-yellow to brown.
Colors can vary from the classic yellow to black, dark brown or even exotic purple.
Colors can vary from white to a reddish-orange.
Colors can vary slightly from monitor to monitor.
Colors can vary slightly.
Colors can vary somewhat from the photo, but are generally fairly close.
Colors can vary with each purchase.
Colors can vary.
Colors can visually reduce the size of buildings that are larger than others in the neighborhood.
Colors can work magic, too.
Colors chage monthly.
Colors change according to their surroundings.
Colors change as the garment moves.
Colors change as the sun sinks in the sky so plan to spend a little time here.
Colors change back and forth often as the game progresses.
Colors change between both platforms and individual computers.
Colors change depending on depth.
Colors change dramatically during mating.
Colors change every ten yds.
Colors change in appearance as the ambient light level changes.
Colors change in response to a change in the pH of the soil.
Colors change monthly.
Colors change on a regular basis to keep things from getting boring.
Colors change, rhythms change, and sounds change.
Colors Click on logo.
Colors Click the buttons to see the correct answers.
Colors code the magnitude of the gradient, with red corresponding to the largest values.
Colors code the number of evaluations on a line.
Colors combined as solutions usually mix to become a single solution of the new color.
Colors come alive with that special intensity and vibrance the artist intended.
Colors come from a shading of the surface and have no physical interpretation.
Colors come in a continuum.
Colors come in and out.
Colors come in brindle, fawn, black, blue, mantle harlequin and sometimes merle.
Colors come in forest or snow.
Colors come in gold, pink, black, silver, blue and red.
Colors come in green and black.
Colors come in white, pink, blue or black.
Colors come tan , dark brown and black.
Colors come with potent emotional, psychological, and symbolic associations.
Colors complement the tiles and woods.
Colors consist of five values or color components.
Colors consist of various shades of bold blue, white, reds, and green.
Colors contrast with background.
Colors convey moods.
Colors correspond to amino acid sequence in previous table.
Colors correspond to density levels, while the accreting star is the tiny red circle.
Colors correspond to each person's area of responsibility.
Colors correspond to out-of plane displacement caused by bimorph stresses.
Colors correspond to red, white and red ribbon on medal.
Colors correspond to red, white striped ribbon on medal.
Colors correspond to surface chlorophyll content.
Colors correspond to the primary operators of the stations.
Colors cover the entire spectrum in virtually every shade except blue.
Colors cover the palette from metal tones to teal and matte black.
Colors cover then entire range of the spectrum, and individuality of color is to be commended.
Colors create decorative and expressive designs.
Colors create moods - for better or for worse.
Colors created by mixing complements are often rich, subtle and sophisticated.
Colors dance, soothing eyes and warming souls.
Colors depict intensity of gene expression.
Colors Describes how to add colors into a HTML document.
Colors designate the wearer's college or university and field of study.
Colors deteriorate too rapidly.
Colors differ but most are brightly colored.
Colors differentiate education ranges, with violet the highest and yellow the lowest.
Colors directly affect the emotions.
Colors displayed here are representations of actual choices.
Colors do look good.
Colors do vary from designer to designer.
Colors do very from computer to computer.
Colors dont matter.
Colors drift in between puffs of smoke.
Colors dry quickly and are practically the same tone before and after firing.
Colors effect the eye differently.
Colors elicit an emotional response from people.
Colors emerge in blue pearl, celadon pearl, pink pearl or classic navy.
Colors emerge to wait for choosing by an artisan's practiced eye.
Colors Ensure good contrast between text color and background.
Colors even change slightly as it warms up.
Colors eventually fade to browns for a truly elegant look.
Colors evoke both pleasant and unpleasant emotions.
Colors evoke different emotions.
Colors evoke specific emotional responses.
Colors exhaust on an uneven curve according to the electrolyte content of the dyebath.
Colors explode on white as well as bloom with violent intent.
Colors explode, incandescing with psychotropic intensity.
Colors face Name of the font.
Colors fade and wear over time.
Colors fade into the mist and just the right look of misty mornings by the sea is created.
Colors fade slightly when a dried color flow piece is exposed to sunlight.
Colors fit the horror setting.
Colors generally appear accurate and natural, but a fair amount of oversaturation intrudes at times.
Colors generally appear brighter in fabric.
Colors generally remain true between different garment types by the same manufacturer.
Colors generally run from tan to brown and into mahogany and bronze-red.
Colors give a bright plaid effect.
Colors give foods a desired, appetizing or characteristic color.
Colors give information about the type of deviation in structure.
Colors given are for precipitates, except where solution is noted.
Colors given are RGB values.
Colors glow like stained glass.
Colors go from green to yellow to orange to red as they ripen.
Colors go through growth periods just like people.
Colors have a definite impact on the nature, psychology, body and soul of an individual.
Colors have an effect on people and evoke emotional responses.
Colors have different meanings, too.
Colors have excellent saturation, plus the flesh tones appear very healthy.
Colors have excellent saturation, without even a hint of color noise or distortion.
Colors have healing qualities for the body, mind and spirit.
Colors have individual frequencies that are unique to each.
Colors have meaning as well.
Colors have names.
Colors have natural saturation and flesh tones appear quite pleasing.
Colors have no limits.
Colors have particular significance.
Colors have remarkably strong and varied associations.
Colors have respectable saturation, although flesh tones tend to be a little unnatural.
Colors have same meaning as previous diagram.
Colors have significance, too.
Colors have symbolic meanings in all cultures.
Colors have the ability to affect our emotions.
Colors have value .
Colors have value, intensity, tint, and shade.
Colors have various connotations, as well.
Colors have very specific signficance.
Colors have visual effects on each other.
Colors heal because of certain molecular reactions that occur in the organs due to light.
Colors help hide watermarks and add a note of drama.
Colors help to classify different elements and different concepts.
Colors help to form neighborhoods or defined areas.
Colors here are more earth tones.
Colors here are the same cranberry, green, blue and tan, that follow throughout the boat.
Colors Here is a list of rat colors.
Colors highlight highest cloud tops.
Colors identify the individual levels and correspond to the teacher's guide.
Colors indicate approximate temperatures as shown on the figure.
Colors indicate common locations.
Colors indicate damage intensity.
Colors indicate elevation.
Colors indicate elevations.
Colors indicate flow to and from the radar as indicated above and at right.
Colors indicate local polynomial order.
Colors indicate radial velocity.
Colors indicate regions of structural alignment.
Colors indicate relative depths.
Colors indicate relative height of surface features.
Colors indicate room status for each room.
Colors indicate temperatures, with red being hottest and blue being coldest.
Colors indicate the category or source of the framework.
Colors indicate the conveyed message.
Colors indicate the level of competence recommended for safe bicycle travel.
Colors indicate the number of hosts at a given latency and location.
Colors indicate the percentage of positive specimens as listed in the key.
Colors indicate the resulting polytope facets.
Colors indicate the source depth.
Colors indicate the stars' surface radiation flux.
Colors indicate the x-ray intensity.
Colors indicate various levels of cracking strain.
Colors indicate whether pivots are running, on alarm status, applying chemicals or turned off.
Colors influence our lives in many ways.
Colors influenced by blue are cool.
Colors inspire emotion.
Colors intensify and pigments are permanently bonded into the surface during baking.
Colors intensify with more light and during the growing season.
Colors intensify with weather and fertilization.
Colors interact with one another when in close proximity.
Colors is a fascinating collection of nine books.
Colors is a fast and addictive simulation of the classic sensor game.
Colors is a sort of continuation of the first two discs.
Colors is also out on vinyl by the way.
Colors is freeware.
Colors is one such game.
Colors is restored after playing a few frames.
Colors is the color code for the border.
Colors is the default background color for all terminals.
Colors jump off the screen and text is sharp even in the smallest font sizes.
Colors jump off the screen even in well lit rooms, thanks to sheer power plus high contrast output.
Colors jump off the screen, even in well lit rooms, thanks to sheer power plus high contrast output.
Colors keep true and fresh.
Colors leap from every corner.
Colors Learn about how colors mix to form other colors.
Colors Let's go back to our terminal window and try some more things.
Colors lighten after having been heated.
Colors listed below are in stock.
Colors Listed below are the various colors available.
Colors listed below are winter-weight wool blends.
Colors load more quickly and display more consistently across browsers.
Colors look a bit off in Netscape.
Colors look absolutely marvelous.
Colors look and print the same and fonts look and print the same.
Colors look balanced and natural, and there are no distracting artifacts.
Colors look bright and vivid, with flesh tones looking perfect and natural.
Colors look bright, flesh tones are natural, and contrast is stark and well balanced.
Colors look brighter.
Colors look clearer and brighter.
Colors look different against different backgrounds.
Colors look different depending on their relationship to surrounding light rays.
Colors look different on a TV screen than they do on a computer monitor.
Colors look different on different browsers.
Colors look different on different systems.
Colors look dim.
Colors look good and blacks look solid.
Colors look good and the letterboxing is well-balanced.
Colors look good throughout the presentation in all lighting keys.
Colors look quite good.
Colors look quite strong and seem consistently natural and vivid throughout the film.
Colors look rich without appearing oversaturated.
Colors look rich.
Colors look smudged and muddy.
Colors look so much lighter when they're printed on fabric because fabric is more porous than paper.
Colors look strong, but for whatever reason fleshtones seem a bit muted.
Colors look very different, depending on lighting conditions.
Colors looks sharp overall, with no saturation problems like bleeding or fading.
Colors mainly used are blues, greens, whites, creams, purples and reds.
Colors maintain a natural level of saturation and the flesh tones appear quite respectable.
Colors make entry fields, commands, and module functions easy to identify and access.
Colors make great baby gifts for boys or girls.
Colors make identifying application, function and character keys easier.
Colors make the difference between a drive-by and a definite stop.
Colors map matter density, which increases as colors move from yellow to blue to red.
Colors match jackets, swing dresses and tops.
Colors match or contrast with our suits and jackets.
Colors match our sienna teal fountains .
Colors match the adjustable nylon collars described above.
Colors match the company's refined, exclusive business philosophy.
Colors match the double hearts on another page.
Colors match well, and gaps have been minimized.
Colors match when the three responses of light are the same.
Colors mean different things to Shadowhunters than they do to mundanes .
Colors mesmerizingly flow through the shapes of the animations.
Colors mix with water.
Colors mold the moods.
Colors move through it in waves as the seasons change.
Colors never appear over saturated appearance and the flesh tones look very natural.
Colors never appear over-saturated, but are rendered throughout with excellent fidelity.
Colors now range from white to deep reds and purples.
Colors offer a normal level of saturation and the flesh tones are a bit pale.
Colors offer decent saturation and the flesh tones vary between pale and reasonably realistic.
Colors offer respectable saturation and flesh tone always look realistic.
Colors perceived in additive models are the result of transmitted light.
Colors perceived in subtractive models are the result of reflected light.
Colors play a big role in camouflage.
Colors Play a color game or make colored lollipops.
Colors play a great role.
Colors play a slight role in the painting.
Colors play an important part in the way the mask is used.
Colors play an important role in our impressions.
Colors pop off the screen with maximum saturation.
Colors preferred by most butterflies are pinks, reds, purples, and whites.
Colors print with more clarity, detail, and accuracy.
Colors project well in petri dishes on an overhead projector.
Colors provide a quick visual indicator of the status of the areas.
Colors provide drama, emotion, and information at a glance in a way that few other things can.
Colors Provides three list to set the colors for matching, added and deleted objects.
Colors psychologically affect our moods and feelings.
Colors quickly fade in spring sunlight.
Colors radiate incredible vibrancy while most grain and print defects are mostly held at bay.
Colors range for tan to olive green.
Colors range from a brownish-red to purple to bright red and even blue.
Colors range from a dark blue- gray to a very light almost lavender tone.
Colors range from a dark blue-gray to a very light almost lavender tone.
Colors range from a deep green to purple or bronze.
Colors range from a glaring bright white to an almost blue through the gamut of pinks and purples.
Colors range from a light buff to a reddish brown.
Colors range from a light pink hue to deep reddish browns.
Colors range from a pinkish, to medium to dark red mineral.
Colors range from a soft, delicate pink to a deep and vibrant magenta.
Colors range from all black to all white, most light colored ones have darker shaded legs and face.
Colors range from all the rose shades - pink, white, purple and red.
Colors range from amber to black.
Colors range from beige to brown to green.
Colors range from bi-color dark blues and purples to pure whites.
Colors range from black and darker greens thru a purplish-red hue.
Colors range from black to a light olive gray.
Colors range from black to gray, brown, green, yellow, white, and striped.
Colors range from black to pink to white, and shapes range from elongated sausages to eggs.
Colors range from black to red to blue.
Colors range from black to white to orange, and an amazing variety of combinations in between.
Colors range from black to white to orange, with many varied combinations in between.
Colors range from black, dark brown or blue with traces of rust.
Colors range from blonde to dark brown.
Colors range from blue at the lowest elevations to white at the highest elevations.
Colors range from blue to yellow to pink to orange.
Colors range from blues and greens to brown and black.
Colors range from bright green to brown.
Colors range from bright orange or red to dull gray.
Colors range from bright red, orange or brown to bright green or greenish black.
Colors range from bright red, orange to deep purple, tans and greens.
Colors range from bright red, to light orange.
Colors range from brilliant deep red to soothing pake pink.
Colors range from brown to grey.
Colors range from brown, green or gray.
Colors range from buff to gray, or green with three dark stripes down the back.
Colors range from champagne to black.
Colors range from chartreuse to black.
Colors range from clear to white to blue, pink, gray, yellow, or orange.
Colors range from clears, whites or off-whites, and blacks to virtually any shade or deep color hue.
Colors range from cream to black, patterns from solid to mottled.
Colors range from cream to yellow, gold, pink and red.
Colors range from creamy newtrals to shimmering golds.
Colors range from crisp white to soft pastels, from bold, sparkling colors to metallics.
Colors range from dark blue at water level to white and brown at hill tops.
Colors range from dark blues in narrow mountain surrounded bays to light blues in open water.
Colors range from dark grays to light browns with some noticeable banding.
Colors range from dark greenish gray to shades of orange and reddish brown.
Colors range from deep blue to soft pink and white.
Colors range from deep gold to dark red.
Colors range from deep red to pink, salmon to lavender and yellow to white.
Colors range from deep red, red, pink, salmon pink, orange, yellow, pale yellow, and mixed colors.
Colors range from deep rich amber color to beautiful ivory white.
Colors range from deep violet Atlantic to the gray, speckled Gravel.
Colors range from delicate pastels to brilliant reds and yellows.
Colors range from delicate pastels to vibrant and rich.
Colors range from delicate tints to deeply saturated hues.
Colors range from different shades of red, to red wheaten, to wheaten.
Colors range from dyed purple and blue to natural grays, browns and greens.
Colors range from glossy black to cinnamon brown.
Colors range from golden to copper.
Colors range from golden yellow to crimson.
Colors range from gray to multi-colored.
Colors range from green to pink.
Colors range from green, blue, gold and white or with mixed colors of variegation on edge or center.
Colors range from greens and yellows to breathtaking reds and purples.
Colors range from greens and yellows to wine-purples, with oranges and reds and pinks in between.
Colors range from high gloss black to iridescent blue, green, or bronze.
Colors range from intense pink to peach.
Colors range from jet black, to yellow-orange with gray bands, to sandy gray with no bands.
Colors range from jolly reds and yellows to passionate pinks, purples and two-tones.
Colors range from kelly green to African mud cloth to paisley print.
Colors range from light blond to a dark or even chocolate chestnut, sometimes with dappling.
Colors range from light blue to dark, clear white, lavender, purple and pink.
Colors range from light neutrals like gray and khaki to dark shades like burgundy and black.
Colors range from light olive green to varing shades of yellow and orange .
Colors range from light royal blue to black.
Colors range from light tan to red to black.
Colors range from light to dark brown, silver and gray.
Colors range from light to dark brown.
Colors range from light to dark fawn, red fawn, cream,black, chocolate and sable.
Colors range from light to very intense shades of green, blue green, or yellow green.
Colors range from lush greens to brilliant yellow, reds and oranges, blues and more.
Colors range from maroon-black through magenta, red, pink, purple, golden to pale yellow, and white.
Colors range from mild to wild, dark, light, warm cool and everything in between.
Colors range from mild to wild, dark, light, warm, cool and everything in between.
Colors range from mild to wild, dark, light, warm, cool and eveything in between.
Colors range from near white thru black-reds and everything in between except blue.
Colors range from nearly black to light brown to almost white.
Colors range from nearly black to pale brown to almost white.
Colors range from nearly black, to pale brown, to almost white.
Colors range from orange to blue to black.
Colors range from orange to blue with increasing water depth.
Colors range from orange to deep purple with almost black grain lines.
Colors range from orange to green to black.
Colors range from orange to green.
Colors range from orange to red and white stripes, and the flavors are subtly different.
Colors range from pale blue to dark lilac.
Colors range from pale pink to dark purple.
Colors range from pale to deep blue or blue green.
Colors range from pastel yellows to deep orange.
Colors range from pastels to bright pink, blue, orange, olive, purple, and burgundy.
Colors range from pink and red to blue, purple, or white.
Colors range from pink through purple and include some striped varieties.
Colors range from pure white through pale-yellow, peach, salmon and pink to deep burgundy red.
Colors range from pure white to salmon, pink, and red.
Colors range from purest white to brightest red.
Colors range from red to brown to a very dark green to black.
Colors range from red to orange and yellow.
Colors range from red to purple to white.
Colors range from red to wheaten.
Colors range from red, magenta, pink, orange, yellow or white.
Colors range from red, scarlet, salmon, purple and lilac to deep and light blue, white and bicolors.
Colors range from rich purple to pastel blue, soft pinks and shades of deep reds.
Colors range from russet to a deep, chocolate brown.
Colors range from silver gray to dark black-brown, depending on the concentration of the tannins.
Colors range from silver-gray to tan and all are spotted.
Colors range from silvery gray and green to deep purple and black.
Colors range from silvery to dark or gray-green.
Colors range from simple off-white right through the color spectrum, and, even include black.
Colors range from snowy white and cream to yellow, apricot, orange, coral, pink, red and lavender.
Colors range from soft pastels to deep, powerful primary colors.
Colors range from solid black to solid white, with a variety of spots in between.
Colors range from subdued pastels to vibrant primaries.
Colors range from subtle earth tones to vibrant blues, greens and reds.
Colors range from the bold to the pale.
Colors range from the cool whites and baby blues to lemon yellows and delicate salmons.
Colors range from the mild and sedate to the wild and brash.
Colors range from the ones listed to any in between.
Colors range from the softest pastels to fiery reds and oranges.
Colors range from transparent to blues and greens.
Colors range from transparent yellow to extremely dark brown.
Colors range from white and shell pink to deep rose, with crimson, maroon and chocolate markings.
Colors range from white and yellow to purple, blue, red and bright magenta.
Colors range from white through all the shades of red, with many spotted and striped varieties.
Colors range from white through green, blue, and red.
Colors range from white through many lovely shades of lavender and blue.
Colors range from white through pink to red, from yellow and apricot to orange depending on variety.
Colors range from white through shades of pink, rose and red.
Colors range from white through yellow and orange to pink and red.
Colors range from white through yellow, orange, apricot, pink, and red.
Colors range from white through yellow, peach, salmon, and pink to deep burgundy red.
Colors range from white to deep crimson.
Colors range from white to deep rose, pink, lavender, and blue.
Colors range from white to deep rose-red, sometimes striped and spotted.
Colors range from white to dusty rose to burgundy.
Colors range from white to gray or black with a dark stripe running from the mane to tail.
Colors range from white to pink to crimson.
Colors range from white to pink to deep, true red.
Colors range from white to pink to rose-violet.
Colors range from white to pink to vivid red.
Colors range from white to red to yellow and various shades in between.
Colors range from white to red, purple and pink.
Colors range from white to red, with many banded and spotted variations.
Colors range from white to shades of pink, yellow and scarlet.
Colors range from white to various shades of pink and red.
Colors range from white to yellow, gray, or blue-gray.
Colors range from white to yellow, true blue, rose, orange, violet and a scarlet color.
Colors range from white with lavender-pink centers to soft pink to red to purple.
Colors range from white, lavender, purple and yellow to striped white and lavender.
Colors range from white, pink, maroon, the entire range of blue shades, to a bright purple.
Colors range from white, pink, red to purple.
Colors range from white, silver and dun through reddish brown, brindle and black.
Colors range from white, subtle pinks and brilliant reds to purplish black.
Colors range from whites to yellows, pinks and peach to strong reds and maroon.
Colors range from whitish to violet, greenish, pink, purple and blue.
Colors range from yellow through the oranges, and many wander into bright reds and rich maroon.
Colors range from yellow to beige.
Colors range from yellow to orange to pink to deep maroon red.
Colors range from yellow to red with the leaves turning shades of yellow, orange and red in autumn.
Colors range from yellow to red.
Colors range from yellow-green to lavender, with paisley and floral prints.
Colors range through every shade, hue and light.
Colors refer to the coat of arms of L nemaa.
Colors refer to the forest industry and to some bog berries.
Colors refer to the historic belonging to Livonia.
Colors refer to the peatbogs and peat industry.
Colors refer to the sea, beach and sun.
Colors reflect off the enamel on teeth, making shade matching for cosmetic dentistry difficult.
Colors reflect surface mineralogy and vegetation.
Colors reflect the high-intensity hues seen on the first eight DVDs.
Colors remain basic for the guys too.
Colors remain bright and lifelike, with no shifts in hue.
Colors remain bright for and beautiful for years in most every climate.
Colors remain brilliant, nutrients are retained and flavors become more intense.
Colors remain intense if the plant is displayed in bright indirect sunlight.
Colors remain strong.
Colors remain the same as in the jig.
Colors remain vital in various lighting circumstances.
Colors remain vivid and attractive.
Colors render beautifully with richly saturated hues.
Colors represent departures from normal temperature.
Colors represent different concentrations of sediment.
Colors represent different kinetic energies of the atoms.
Colors represent different rock outcrops.
Colors represent hypothesized homologous regions of the lung in both groups.
Colors represent levels of vorticity magnitude .
Colors represent magma temperature.
Colors represent the electric current density.
Colors represent the states of individual motor cells which constitute the map.
Colors represent the surface topography.
Colors represent water depths.
Colors reproduce with a natural level of saturation and healthy looking flesh tones.
Colors reproduce with excellent saturation and nary a hint of chroma noise.
Colors reproduce with excellent saturation and no evidence of chroma noise or distortion.
Colors reproduce with good saturation and natural looking flesh tones.
Colors reproduce with good saturation and without any traces of chroma noise.
Colors reproduce with good saturation, but they too are restricted by the film's cinematography.
Colors reproduce with natural looking flesh tones and highly saturated hues.
Colors reproduce with vivid hues and natural looking flesh tones.
Colors respond to light conditions and they become subordinates to the goddess of nature.
Colors result from washes of iron, cobalt, manganese, chrome, copper, vanadium, and other minerals.
Colors return but the world seems flatter.
Colors revolve dressing and undressing.
Colors rule in banners.
Colors rule the sky, with a warm ember glow.
Colors run from pale blue to dark green.
Colors run from pinks to taffy to corals to reds to creams.
Colors run from strong to brilliant.
Colors run the gamut from bright palates to the more subtle earth tones.
Colors say many things.
Colors seem a bit strong in places, casting too solid a hue on faces and other details.
Colors seem a little oversaturated at times, too.
Colors seem bright and never bleed, flesh tones are natural, and contrast is dark and accurate.
Colors seem brighter and sharper than before.
Colors seem brighter when drawn on dark or dull paper.
Colors seem brighter.
Colors seem lively, brighter, and objects more defined.
Colors seem natural and bright, while contrast is stark and well balanced.
Colors seem natural, though some bright shades emerge and flesh tones look warm and consistent.
Colors seem to be easy to learn for the child.
Colors seem to be quite accurate too.
Colors seem to change when placed next to lighter or darker colors because of contrast .
Colors seem to vary with amount of sunlight.
Colors seem to want to bleed right off the cinema screen.
Colors seem yellowed and faded.
Colors Select the cell or range of cells.
Colors serve to reinforce the message.
Colors shine with polishing technique.
Colors show a selected variable, such as plastic strain.
Colors show best on better quality papers.
Colors show limited variations from light to dark greenish gray.
Colors show the chemical stratification and contours are isotherms.
Colors show the difference between humid, tropical, and temperate zones .
Colors show the difference between humid, tropical, and temperate zones.
Colors show the nature of the amino acid side groups.
Colors show the stimulus orientation which best activates each region of the cortex.
Colors show the thickness of the ozone layer over the Earth.
Colors show the thickness of the reservoir.
Colors show time as indicated in color scale.
Colors show up accurately, and the contrast between black and white is increased.
Colors showing well are black, red, camel and orange.
Colors shown from left to right within a bar are present at the same time.
Colors shown here are approximations.
Colors shown here are black and chestnut.
Colors shown here represent a good approximation of actual shirt colors.
Colors shown left to right are redwood, rock and cypress green.
Colors shown represent true product color as accurately as possible.
Colors shows a rainbow of different colors that bottles occur in.
Colors simply rules.
Colors site no longer there.
Colors speak their own language and evoke emotions instantly.
Colors spring to life with strong vitality.
Colors stand out and bright clothes are easy to find, different than trees and grass.
Colors stand out cleanly with no edge bleeding.
Colors stand out when they're in a mass, especially in large arrangements.
Colors stand out.
Colors start with capital letters.
Colors stay brigther too.
Colors stay true through years of use.
Colors stay true to the original.
Colors stay vibrant and shapes stay crisp.
Colors still depend for the most part on the skin tone of the bride.
Colors still manage to stand out vibrantly under the hot sun.
Colors stimulate different responses from different people, i.e., red stimulates, blue soothes.
Colors streak across the pads, all complemented by a delicate pink flower.
Colors stream down the mountains where the pebble eyes of women stare at the empty roads.
Colors stream through the stained-glass windows amid marble and murals.
Colors suggest that most of the GCs are more metal-poor than the nuclei or the galaxies themselves.
Colors symbolize different qualities in various European cultures.
Colors symbolize ripeness and fertility.
Colors take their cue from nature.
Colors tan and green.
Colors telling of their past Now lie upon the ground.
Colors tend to appear strong and appealing.
Colors tend to be a little subdued, although flesh tones are reasonably natural.
Colors tend to be fairly vibrant and flesh tones appear natural.
Colors tend to be in the pink ranges, including dark, almost scarlet blooms.
Colors tend to be misrepresented when viewed on the computer.
Colors tend to be muted but appear reasonably accurate and well-saturated.
Colors tend to be muted grays, pinks, and browns, usually darker above and paler below.
Colors tend to be pastels, but very pretty.
Colors tend to be subdued, but they are cleanly reproduced without any evidence of chroma noise.
Colors tend to be subdued, giving the outdoor scenes a stark, wintry quality.
Colors tend to be vivid, in addition to offering natural looking flesh tones.
Colors tend to become redder with depth.
Colors tend to bleed and fade with time.
Colors tend to favor earthen tones and are somewhat subdued.
Colors tend to look muted in certain scenes and very vibrant in select others.
Colors tend to quite vibrant, while the flesh tones retain a natural appearance.
Colors tend to wash out in midday, especially in summer.
Colors tend toward brown in dry years and green in wet.
Colors tend towards orange, red, yellow and pink.
Colors then proceed through the alphabet to the letter Z, which is a yellowish diamond.
Colors There are many ways to define colors.
Colors there come from an unknown spectrum, with vibrant brown greens and iridescent blue pinks.
Colors too have different meanings in different countries.
Colors Use color judiciously and consistently in an application.
Colors Use colored text sparingly and consistently.
Colors Use earthtones, browns, greens, golds, rusts, and variations there-of.
Colors Use pull down menu to choose number of colors.
Colors use the sense of sight.
Colors Use the three light sources to demonstrate the effect of mixing red, blue, and green light.
Colors used are antique blue, terra cotta, green, flesh, brown, black, and white.
Colors used are dard red, green, gold, tan, and blue.
Colors used are gold, teal, and black.
Colors used are great combinations , truly reflects business mission.
Colors used are of vegetable and chemical dyes.
Colors used for the base coat are opaque.
Colors used for the models are speculative.
Colors used here include combinations of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, pink and white.
Colors used in editor are user-definable.
Colors used in flag are similar to Livonian people flag in exact proportions.
Colors used in the label shown below are for emphasis only.
Colors used in the study include red, black, yellow, clear, silver, and brown plastic.
Colors used include grey, green, pink, blue, white, red and yellow.
Colors used throughout the house are burgundy, khaki and hunter green.
Colors vary - sorry, no color choice.
Colors vary according to availability and each blanket is unique.
Colors vary and are bright.
Colors vary and no two sets are alike, but each set is guaranteed to be stunning first quality.
Colors vary as do designs.
Colors vary but are generally bright and tend toward red and yellow.
Colors vary by collection, so check out the brands with a quick click.
Colors vary by region.
Colors vary considerably among boards.
Colors vary considerably when reproduced in different mediums.
Colors vary considerably, ranging from white through pinks, reds, yellow and orange.
Colors vary depending on availability.
Colors vary depending on resolution and type of monitor.
Colors vary depending on species and range from reddish brown to black.
Colors vary depending upon mineral content and place of origin.
Colors vary due to the maturing process.
Colors vary each bag seems to have cats-eye marbles.
Colors vary from a light cream color through yellow, blue, red and green to black.
Colors vary from basic tans, grays, and reds to a rainbow of blended wallstones.
Colors vary from black to white, brown, gray, fawn and various combinations.
Colors vary from bright green to a dark golden and black.
Colors vary from brilliant scarlets, oranges and purples to mottled rusts and creamy yellows.
Colors vary from brown, red and orange through to yellow.
Colors vary from clear, white to pinkish cast.
Colors vary from creamy white to dark pink and purple.
Colors vary from dark, brownish-red to brown or near black.
Colors vary from deep shades of orange, red and golden yellow.
Colors vary from fawn to mahogany, with some black mixes, as well as white markings.
Colors vary from golden tan to dark brown.
Colors vary from gray, fawn, tan, pied, brindle and white.
Colors vary from greens to blue-green to blues.
Colors vary from intense dark violet to yellowish mustard.
Colors vary from light brown to brownish black.
Colors vary from maroon to black center section.
Colors vary from medium green to red and purple.
Colors vary from monitor to monitor, as do individual perceptions and lighting conditions.
Colors vary from natural browns and grays to glimmering greens and pinks.
Colors vary from near white to all shades of pastels to the brightest and darkest colors.
Colors vary from red to blue and white.
Colors vary from red to blue-black.
Colors vary from red, green, and yellow to brown.
Colors vary from section to section, and from blonde colors to nearly black.
Colors vary from solid black, sorrow, bay, and palomino.
Colors vary from stone to stone.
Colors vary from strain to strain and include various types of solids and pastels.
Colors vary from true neon hues to gorgeous pastels.
Colors vary from white to brown.
Colors vary from white to green, but there are also red, yellow and lavender jades.
Colors vary from white to orange to reddish-brown.
Colors vary from white to purple to dark brown, and sizes range from tiny to gargantuan.
Colors vary from white to purple to yellow.
Colors vary from white to yellow or green, as well as reddish-purple and dark purple.
Colors vary from white, pink, lavender, yellow or combination of pastels.
Colors vary from yellow to red with brown or black wings or trim.
Colors vary greatly, with patterns depending on habitat, size and maturity.
Colors vary in each pack.
Colors vary in sections and with individuals.
Colors vary on different monitors.
Colors vary on the mugs.
Colors vary quit a bit from manufacture and time period.
Colors vary since critter breeding is still a new science.
Colors vary slightly from batch to batch.
Colors vary somewhat depending upon the dye lot, but the designs are consistent.
Colors vary somewhat from one product to another due to different polymers used.
Colors vary somewhat.
Colors vary the same as in natural stone.
Colors vary widely from species to species.
Colors vary widely.
Colors vary wildly.
Colors vary with availability.
Colors vary with each individual birdhouse.
Colors vary with paper, humidity level and amount replaced.
Colors vary with season.
Colors vary with the species, and range from pink to blue-gray.
Colors vary with the weather, the time of day and the season.
Colors vary, and so do other small aspects of the embroidery.
Colors vary, running from nearly black or purplish to dark brown, green or gold.
Colors vary, too, from subtle creams to yellows and golds to brilliant oranges and crimsons.
Colors vary, with the gas borne generally being lighter in color.
Colors vary. .
Colors vary-red, blue, yellow, brown.
Colors vibrantly pop off the screen but with total stability.
Colors vibrate at different frequencies.
Colors wash out, detail is lost, and the whole thing flickers.
Colors work although the powder blue is a bit blurry.
Colors work differently when seen through reflected light.
Colors wove themselves into a rainbow.
Color always helps to sell any product.
Color always produces an emotional response in the reader.
Colors always match current look and feel colors producing a nice visual integration.
Color often aids the physician in reaching a diagnosis.
Color often reflects chemical compositions.
Color often varies with moisture content of a soil.
Colors often have different meanings in various cultures.
Colors often look very different on the computer screen as compared to the projected image.
Colors often vary from one monitor to another.
Color sometimes can actually detract from beautiful expressions.
Color usually fades toward the center of the crystals.
Colors usually appear bright, but again some muting is present because of grain on the source print.
Colors usually offer natural saturation, but there are times where the hues appear a bit pale.
All color comes from white light.
All color is checked, then double-checked, for accuracy.
All color is controlled by pointers above the Color Definition bar.
All color is relative.
All color stops to be clean and distinct.
All colors above are available in a waterborne formula.
All colors above are available in an oil-based formula.
All colors accept foil stamping, printing and die cutting.
All colors are a result of the amount of reflected light seen by the naked eye.
All colors are acceptable but brown is preferred.
All colors are acceptable except brindle.
All colors are acceptable.
All colors are admissible.
All colors are also hand-painted with a gold accent.
All colors are approximate.
All colors are available and colors can be blended for special matching.
All colors are available in either a basic or shimmer finish, with either a plain or corded edge.
All colors are available unless indicated otherwise.
All colors are available with gold trim for an additional charge.
All colors are available with UV additives for proven outdoor protection.
All colors are available.
All colors are beautiful.
All colors are bright and bold, there are no cracks, chips or crazing.
All colors are bright and clear, there is a striker under the owls feet.
All colors are changeable.
All colors are clear and bright.
All colors are competitive.
All colors are configurable, as well the width and height of the different status bars.
All colors are custom mixed to order.
All colors are earth tones.
All colors are equally acceptable except blue, which is a serious fault.
All colors are equally acceptable with or without dark tips and beard.
All colors are extremely lightfast.
All colors are fade resistant, although color selection is limited.
All colors are fluorescent.
All colors are free of cheap fillers and artificial driers.
All colors are from the browser-safe palette .
All colors are fully configurable.
All colors are genetically possible.
All colors are harmonious in their application.
All colors are homogenous, consistent and fade-resistant.
All colors are in harmony and are to be seen with all other colors without any unpleasant results.
All colors are in phase here.
All colors are intermixable and can be used outdoors without risk.
All colors are lead free.
All colors are lead-free.
All colors are light fast.
All colors are lightfast.
All colors are pastel.
All colors are permissible.
All colors are powder coat enamel on steel.
All colors are preferred to be darkly hued, clean and solid.
All colors are representative only.
All colors are rich, full and even.
All colors are safe for use on body and face except copper carbonate.
All colors are solid, that is, without patterns, designs, checks, etc.
All colors are strong, clear and rich.
All colors are the friends of their neighbors and the lovers of their opposites.
All colors are the same as on bottle.
All colors are to be as smooth, clear, and saturated as possible.
All colors are transparent.
All colors are UV stable and resist alkali, acids, and water borne chemicals.
All colors are vibrant, all gold is intact.
All colors are warm or cool.
All colors become brighter while making the whitest white possible without any bleaching agents.
All colors behave consistently, allowing for a uniformity throughout the painting.
All colors blend gently together, with very little spotting or defined line between colors.
All colors carry a distinctive black dorsal stripe from the base of the skull to the tail.
All colors carry a slight up charge.
All colors catch bluegill, but black is preferred by the most ardent 'gill fishermen.
All colors come in spotted and unspotted.
All colors come standard with chrome hardware, white binding, nameplate and pickguard.
All colors come with black trim and string.
All colors come with double painted eyes.
All colors contribute to the drama of the space, but no single color dominates.
All colors develop a matte appearance.
All colors emanate from one source or one primary color.
All colors emit a different frequency.
All colors end up at middleground as they are tinted completely to white.
All colors enjoy either a good or excellent lightfastness rating.
ALL colors excepts the background color to the color specified.
All colors fade.
All colors fit somewhere on the value scale.
All colors get a new feel with metallic and iridescent fabrications.
All colors have a metallic finish except for black and white.
All colors have a prime point supplier.
All colors have a sable shading with darker tipped guard hairs.
All colors have an adjustable black nylon carrying strap.
All colors have black and gold trim.
All colors have excellent tinting strenght, comparing brands.
All colors have good opacity, which makes it possible to print on colored substrate with no problem.
All colors have some survival or adaptive significance.
All colors have standard black cloth interior.
All colors have the same wavelengths.
All colors have their charms and their value to painters.
All colors intensify at spawning time.
All colors listed above are furniture grade fabrics.
All colors move Move the cars of the listed color one square in the direction they are pointing.
All colors occur and are accepted with the exception of dun and pied.
All colors propagate with the same velocity c in vacuo.
All colors reflect a different quantity of light as well as a different wavelength.
All colors remain easily recognizable.
All colors shown are as accurate as possible.
All colors travel in waves within light.
All colors used are safe and non-toxic.
All colors used are transparent.
All colors used on the wood pieces and rawhide are safe non toxic food coloring.
All colors vary with the printing process.
All colors work for all skin colors.
Any color can gain iridescence by adding a little copper, bronze or aluminium ink.
Any color can result from impurities.
Any color combinations with ribbon and rolls are possible except black on black, and white on white.
Any color is acceptable, with light colors popular in the summer.
Any color is acceptable.
Any color is available.
Any color is due to impurities.
Any color is good, any form is good as well.
Any color is OK, but white, grey or tan are preferred and more professional looking.
Any color looks cute.
Any color markings other than black or liver.
Any colors are acceptable.
Any colors can be setup for contouring.
Every color has a different personality.
Every color has a distinct wavelength.
Every color has a wide range of shades.
Every color has an opposite.
Every color has slightly different characteristics.
Every color has the power to evoke a different mood or characteristic.
Every color is a deed and suffering, a prize.
Every color is available.
Every color is brilliant, and the system is fun to watch.
Every color is outlined.
Every color is represented by a mixture of red, green and blue color percentages.
Every color means something different.
Every color provides smooth, even, easily controlled washes and retains moistness for easy dilution.
Every color tastes as good as it looks.
Many colors are also available in single color bags.
Many colors are available for both the tumbler body and the rubber logos.
Many colors are available from pastels to near black.
Many colors are available to the consumer.
Many colors are available, and no painting is required.
Many colors are available, depending on the material choice.
Many colors are available, with pink cultivars being the most common.
Many colors are available.
Many colors are due to interactions between atoms.
Many colors are light sensitive.
Many colors are sensitive to light.
Many colors become very saturated.
Many colors consist of mixtures of pigments.
Many colors evoke the same feelings as the scents.
Many colors exist, but brown tabby with a white neck ruff and paws is the most popular.
Many colors have universal meanings.
More color means a prettier salad.
More color requires press towers, for example, in turn requiring taller buildings.
More colors are possible by determining the hexidecimal equivlant to the new color.
More colors create larger files.
More colors increase image quality, but can be a performance lag.
More colors mean longer run times and more stitches.
More colors means better image fidelity, but also means a larger image file.
More colors means more resolution for printers but also larger file size.
More colors needs more video memory.
More colors produces more lifelike images.
More colors require higher amounts of video RAM, which increases price.
Most color absorbs heat.
Most color attracts attention.
Most color changes over time.
Most color comes from chlorophyll.
Most color comes from inorganic pigment.
Most color comes from pigment.
Most color depends on factors.
Most color depends on genetic factors.
Most color depends on habitats.
Most color depends on light.
Most color depends on materials.
Most color depends on types.
Most color has characteristics.
Most color has effects.
Most color helps flower plants.
Most color helps plants.
Most color reflects differences.
Most color reflects sunlight.
Most color shows distribution.
Most color varies degrees.
Most colors are acceptable.
Most colors are available at various times of the year.
Most colors are available for shirts and trim.
Most colors are available including metallic colors.
Most colors are available upon request.
Most colors are available.
Most colors are due to preferential absorption.
Most colors are due to preferential absorptions.
Most colors are in stock at all times.
Most colors ARE in stock.
Most colors are pale, but the flavors are intense.
Most colors are ready to be overpainted in a matter of hours .
Most colors are represented in the breed, predominant are greys, bays, and chestnuts.
Most colors are the same anyway.
Most colors carry both positive and negative implications.
Most colors come from the kiln a shade lighter than they go in.
Most colors come in a number of finishes and are available in both text and cover weights.
Most colors come in either matte finish, transparent, luster and aurora borealis or iris.
Most colors come in small to xlarge sizes.
Most colors consist of many wavelengths mixed together.
Most colors contain some proportion of all wavelengths in the visible spectrum.
Most colors deepen upon setting.
Most colors have several meanings, but they are closely connected with each other.
Most colors have some type of instantly recognizable meaning.
Most colors require further dilution.
Most colors work well, but Yellows tend to be a bit murky.
Some color absorbs energy.
Some color absorbs radiant energy.
Some color absorbs radiation.
Some color affects ability.
Some color affects absorption.
Some color attracts insect pollinators.
Some color attracts insects.
Some color attracts pollinate insects.
Some color attracts pollinator insects.
Some color attracts pollinators.
Some color attracts predators.
Some color changes on the anime page, and a new book on the books page.
Some color comes from materials.
Some color comes from orange blossom water.
Some color comes from organic materials.
Some color comes from water.
Some color corresponds to ranges.
Some color decreases with maturity.
Some color depends on atmospheric gases.
Some color depends on gases.
Some color depends on health.
Some color depends on states.
Some color depends on sunlight.
Some color depends on surface temperature.
Some color depends on temperature.
Some color helps quality.
Some color indicates rainfall.
Some color is determined by methods.
Some color is present.
Some color reflects desert heat.
Some color reflects heat.
Some color reflects radiation.
Some color represents areas.
Some color represents different areas.
Some color represents different geographic areas.
Some color represents geographic areas.
Some colors also have physiological effects.
Some colors also result from colored glass tubing.
Some colors appear more vibrant than others, although flesh tones always appear fairly natural.
Some colors appear to stand out, while others appear to recede.
Some colors are a combination of pigment, structural color, and diet.
Some colors are also available in a thin crepe sole or a boat sole.
Some colors are available for immediate shipment.
Some colors are by far easier to find than others.
Some colors are dark, because they absorb more light, and incidentally more heat too.
Some colors are drab and dark.
Some colors are easier to see on a light or dark background.
Some colors are found lesser in tabby cats like red color, silver and blue.
Some colors are harder or softer than others, and so take differing firing times to mature.
Some colors are in stock for immediate delivery.
Some colors are mineral pigments and others are organic dyes.
Some colors are more abundant that others, however, all colors are visible.
Some colors are more accurate and brighter and the overall image is crisper and cleaner.
Some colors are more attractive for videography or photography.
Some colors are more common in certain parts of the world, based on local tradition.
Some colors are more desirable than others.
Some colors are more difficult to manufacture than others.
Some colors are more effective in setting the romantic mood.
Some colors are much scarcer than others.
Some colors are rich and earthy, while others are bright and vibrant.
Some colors are the result of a mutation which prevents the production of a certain pigment.
Some colors are ugly, and horrible.
Some colors are unique to one mineral.
Some colors are very subtle, while others are bright and cheerful.
Some colors are white, gray, black, and brown.
Some colors are white, tawny, reddish, gray, and black.
Some colors bleed faster and better than others.
Some colors blend in to the forest while others stand out.
Some colors can clash or be too bold and therefore they become distracting.
Some colors change from light to darker tones with the seasons.
Some colors change more than others.
Some colors come in half or full zip.
Some colors create a bright interior, while others make for a dreary, cavelike ambience.
Some colors describe background and others foreground.
Some colors enhance a person's aura and others detract.
Some colors even have two or more meanings.
Some colors go by more than one name.
Some colors go faster and if the dye is really charged that helps too.
Some colors go together.
Some colors last better, yellow in particular, whereas blues and pinks can fade over time.
Some colors lend themselves to applying over the top of others better than others.
Some colors listed in catalogs refer to the unopened flower buds.
Some colors look brighter on TV and others look more washed out.
Some colors look like reduction when fired in oxidation.
Some colors make better backgrounds than others.
Some colors naturally go along with certain design schemes.
Some colors only come in the standard size from some manufacturers.
Some colors produce different effects.
Some colors reflect light while others absorb light.
Some colors scatter more completely than others.
Some colors seem to be appropriate in certain events.
Some colors sell out quickly.
Some colors shown are documentary, while others are contemporary adaptations.
Some colors slow down more than others and so they bend more than the others.
Some colors take on a different appearance under different lighting conditions.
Some colors there are only one and two left.
Some colors work better in specific situations than others.
Some colors work together, others fight against each other.
Some colors work well together, others fight against each other.
Some colors work wonders when used in just the right place.
Colorado pinyons have seeds.
Colorado residency is defined by state statue.
Colorado residency is defined by State statute.
Colorado residency is required for most state jobs.
Colorado spruces grow in mountain valleys.
Colorado spruces grow in valleys.
Colorado has (part) Denver.
Colorado is part of America.
Colorado isa thing.
Coloration again represents the sense of the relationship.
Coloration also varies with age.
Coloration attracts attention.
Coloration becomes paler with age.
Coloration can be from tan to dark brown with various colored markings.
Coloration can be gray, reddish-brown, brown, or black.
Coloration can be quite similar, but the peregrine has longer primary feathers.
Coloration can vary from almost black through reddish bronze to yellow or mottled.
Coloration can vary from nearly white to nearly black, but tends to be in subtle, earthy tones.
Coloration comes from melanocytes which produce the brown pigment melanin.
Coloration comes from pigment.
Coloration depends on habitat the drier semidesert areas usually have the paler individuals.
Coloration depends on it s environment.
Coloration depends on types.
Coloration develops on cooler extremities - ears, nose, tail, feet and legs.
Coloration has noticeable seasonal variation.
Coloration has noticeable variation.
Coloration has seasonal variation.
Coloration has variation.
Coloration includes a brown phase and a gray phase.
Coloration includes blue-gray and white fur during the winter, which then darkens during the summer.
Coloration includes shades of gray, tan, or reddish brown.
Coloration is a behavioral adaptation found only in mammals a structural adaptation .
Coloration is a grayish blue-green dorsally, fading to white on the lower sides and belly.
Coloration is a result of standing waves or resonances in a room.
Coloration is attractive, with dark, pea-sized spots arranged in Xs on a gray background.
Coloration is beautiful cobalt blue decoration on stone gray glaze.
Coloration is black dorsally and white ventrally from the chin to slightly behind the anus.
Coloration is black overall with irregular white markings on the throat, sides, and abdomen.
Coloration is brown above, white below.
Coloration is brownish to black.
Coloration is brownish, and both sexes are similar in appearance and weight.
Coloration is buffy to grayish on the back and sides with white underparts.
Coloration is choices.
Coloration is cinnamon to brown above, ashy gray below, darker in winter than in summer.
Coloration is color
Coloration is color.
Coloration is dark above with a white underbelly.
Coloration is dark brown or black above and grayish, yellowish white, or slightly rufescent below.
Coloration is dark brown or grayish.
Coloration is dark brown to blackish, or somewhat brighter with a chestnut tinge.
Coloration is dark buffy above and gray below.
Coloration is dark gray to almost black dorsally, paler on the sides, and silvery below.
Coloration is dark gray with lighter gray patches ventrally.
Coloration is deep amber or blackish brown above and grayish white to yellowish chestnut below.
Coloration is definitely an indication of the bird's habits.
Coloration is drab brown to a deep, mahogany brown mottled with numerous white spots.
Coloration is drab brown to glossy black above and somewhat paler below.
Coloration is extremely variable across North America.
Coloration is fawn or beige.
Coloration is generally brown or olive above and lighter underneath.
Coloration is generally brownish or grayish.
Coloration is generally dull, without a conspicuous pattern.
Coloration is gray-brown, with northern birds more markedly gray and southern birds more reddish.
Coloration is grayish brown above and whitish below, and the tail is dark above and white below.
Coloration is grayish or grayish brown above and white below.
Coloration is grayish, yellowish, or reddish yellow.
Coloration is greenish-blue to dark blue above giving way to a silvery white on the sides and below.
Coloration is grizzled reddish to grayish brown with a gray to yellowish-white belly.
Coloration is highly variable, especially across different regions of the country.
Coloration is highly variable.
Coloration is influenced by radiation, just as tanning takes place upon exposure to sunlight.
Coloration is light brown or tan.
Coloration is light brown to yellow-brown.
Coloration is often black to brown.
Coloration is often reddish or purple and the area looks inflamed.
Coloration is olive brown to dark brown, and neck tufts are lacking.
Coloration is one of the easiest changes for organisms.
Coloration is pale blue gray above and whitish below.
Coloration is pearly gray above and white below.
Coloration is quite variable but is usually grayish or brownish, tinged with buffy or chestnut.
Coloration is ranges from rich browns to olive and gray, with lighter and darker markings.
Coloration is reddish brown or dark brown above and paler below.
Coloration is reddish brown to dark brown.
Coloration is reddish brown, dark brown, or sooty brown above and somewhat paler below.
Coloration is rich brown to dark brown above and paler below.
Coloration is silvery gray to brown, being slightly lighter on the underparts.
Coloration is somewhat variable, and there appear to be two primary color phases, dark and pale.
Coloration is tawny, brownish, or grayish, with much variation.
Coloration is the same for both males and females.
Coloration is typically black, but can be brown to red.
Coloration is typically light gray or a lighter shade of blue.
Coloration is used to distinguish different oils.
Coloration is usually darkish brown but can vary from very light cream to black.
Coloration is usually patterns of grays, browns, and blacks, but there is variation.
Coloration is usually some shade of brown above and brownish or buffy below.
Coloration is variable and in some cases quite striking to the human eye.
Coloration is variable between and within species.
Coloration is variable from grey-brown to highly marbled orange, white and grey.
Coloration is variable from region to region, and most death adders are banded to some degree.
Coloration is variable, but generally the upper parts are speckled brown to grayish.
Coloration is variable, from dark brown to light copper.
Coloration is variable.
Coloration is varied, but always garish.
Coloration is vibrant, yet shaded very realistically.
Coloration is yellowish brown or brownish above and tawny olive or brownish below.
Coloration isa color.
Coloration matches the environment.
Coloration Now comes the fun part.
Coloration ranges from a medium silvery brown to dark brown with a lighter belly.
Coloration ranges from dark brown on the back to silvery on the sides to white below.
Coloration ranges from dark brown to black, with a tan coat and underbelly.
Coloration ranges from fawn through brownish gray to chestnut.
Coloration ranges from milky white to dark brown and black.
Coloration ranges from protective camouflage to bright warning.
Coloration ranges from yellowish or sandy, to brown or black, to grey.
Coloration reflects heat.
Coloration reflects mood, white for fear, red for anger, brown is the usual color.
Coloration resembles that of regular cats, with a tendency toward dark shades and bright eye colour.
Coloration results from heating the leaves in the brazing process.
Coloration tends to be darker in humid climates and lighter in arid climates.
Coloration varies a great deal.
Coloration varies between species but can be brownish, reddish-brown or yellow with black markings.
Coloration varies both individually and regionally.
Coloration varies by species.
Coloration varies considerably among the genera.
Coloration varies depending upon the species and stage of development.
Coloration varies from black to olive-green to yellow.
Coloration varies from brown to green with black banding on the sides.
Coloration varies from creamy white to dark gray and brown.
Coloration varies from dark green to pale green or olive.
Coloration varies from deep brown to yellowish or grayish brown with creamy or whitish markings.
Coloration varies from green to deep olive to brownish red.
Coloration varies from light chocolate to dark brown.
Coloration varies from locations.
Coloration varies from mostly black to mostly white.
Coloration varies from no spots to solid black with two orange spots.
Coloration varies from region to region and among subspecies.
Coloration varies from tan to black or red.
Coloration varies from yellow to tan, reddish brown, to purplish red.
Coloration varies from yellowish to reddish brown, often with lighter underparts.
Coloration varies from yellowish-brown with faint green rays to dark brown and black.
Coloration varies greatly depending upon the species.
Coloration varies tremendously.
Coloration varies widely among species and antennae are never longer than the body.
Coloration varies widely based on subspecies , forms and habitat .
Coloration varies widely between regions and subspecies.
Coloration varies with habitat, but tends to range from grey to reddish brown to buff.
Coloration varies with species.
Coloration varies with the season.
Colorations transitives des graphes.
Most coloration attracts attention.
Most coloration comes from pigment.
Most coloration depends on types.
Most coloration has noticeable seasonal variation.
Most coloration has noticeable variation.
Most coloration has seasonal variation.
Most coloration has variation.
Most coloration reflects heat.
Most coloration varies from locations.
Some coloration absorbs heat.
Some coloration absorbs radiant heat.
Some coloration absorbs radiant solar heat.
Some coloration absorbs solar heat.
Some coloration changes over time.
Some coloration comes from food.
Some coloration provides protection.
Some coloration serves functions.
Some coloration serves protective functions.
Most colorblind animals have two sets of opsin genes.
Colorblind casting is fine.
Colorblind casting is possible unless real persons are being portrayed.
Some colorblind defects affect the way people dress.
Colorblind kids have a hard time recognizing colors.
Colorblind people have difficulty distinguishing colors.
Colorectal cancer affects all races.
Colorectal cancer affects both men and women.
Colorectal cancer affects men and women equally and has a mortality rate second only to lung cancer.
Colorectal cancer affects men and women equally.
Colorectal cancer affects men and women with nearly equal frequency.
Colorectal cancer affects women and men of all races.
Colorectal cancer affects women just as often as men.
Colorectal cancer begins as polyps in the bowel.
Colorectal cancer begins in the colon or rectum.
Colorectal cancer begins with no symptoms at all.
Colorectal cancer can affect anyone.
Colorectal cancer can also recur at a site distant to the original tumor.
Colorectal cancer can be a death sentence if diagnosed in the late stages.
Colorectal cancer can cause a variety of nonspecific symptoms.
Colorectal cancer can cause different symptoms based on the location of the tumor.
Colorectal cancer can develop with few if any symptoms at first.
Colorectal cancer can have all the features that are present in other cancers.
Colorectal cancer can lead to blood-borne metastases in vital organs such as liver and lung.
Colorectal cancer can originate anywhere in the large intestines.
Colorectal cancer can present with a variety of symptoms.
Colorectal cancer can start with noncancerous growths called polyps .
Colorectal cancer can strike men and women at any age.
Colorectal cancer constitutes a major public health problem.
Colorectal cancer continues to be a major problem.
Colorectal cancer develops from non-cancer polyps called adenomatous polyps.
Colorectal cancer develops in the colon or rectum, which are both parts of the digestive tract.
Colorectal cancer differs from other major cancers in another important way.
Colorectal cancer has the distinction of being the only completely preventable cancer.
Colorectal cancer includes cancers of the colon, rectum, anus and appendix.
Colorectal cancer includes cancers of the colon, rectum, appendix and anus.
Colorectal cancer includes cancers of the colon, rectum, appendix, and anus.
Colorectal cancer includes cancers of the colon, rectum, appendix, and some anal cancers.
Colorectal cancer is a cancer that starts in the colon or the rectum.
Colorectal cancer is a common type of cancer.
Colorectal cancer is a disease in which cancer cells are found in the tissues of the colon.
Colorectal cancer is a disease no man has to die from.
Colorectal cancer is a disease no woman has to die from.
Colorectal cancer is a disease strongly influenced by diet.
Colorectal cancer is a disease that can be prevented.
Colorectal cancer is a disease that works covertly and quietly.
Colorectal cancer is a given.
Colorectal cancer is a killer.
Colorectal cancer is a leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is a leading cause of illness and death in the Western world.
Colorectal cancer is a major cause of cancer related death in Ireland.
Colorectal cancer is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is a major health problem in Australia.
Colorectal cancer is a preventable and very curable disease if caught early.
Colorectal cancer is an equal opportunity disease, affecting both men and women.
Colorectal cancer is an equal-opportunity killer.
Colorectal cancer is cancer of the colon or rectum.
Colorectal cancer is cancer that occurs in the colon or in the lower colon near the rectum.
Colorectal cancer is common in both males and females in Virginia.
Colorectal cancer is diseases.
Colorectal cancer is fatal.
Colorectal cancer is highly preventable and, if detected early, can be treated very effectively.
Colorectal cancer is highly preventable and, when detected early, eminently curable.
Colorectal cancer is highly treatable and curable when detected early.
Colorectal cancer is largely preventable - most colorectal cancers develop from benign polyps.
Colorectal cancer is largely preventable and curable if detected early.
Colorectal cancer is malignant cells found in the colon or rectum.
Colorectal cancer is more common in older people.
Colorectal cancer is more common with increasing age.
Colorectal cancer is more easily treatable when the cancer is confined to the intestine.
Colorectal cancer is more likely to occur as people get older.
Colorectal cancer is most curable when found before it causes symptoms.
Colorectal cancer is much more common among men than women.
Colorectal cancer is much more treatable when diagnosed early.
Colorectal cancer is no exception.
Colorectal cancer is one of the cancers that can be prevented through screening.
Colorectal cancer is one of the few cancers that can be prevented through a screening test.
Colorectal cancer is one of the four most prevalent cancers worldwide.
Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death worldwide.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most common cancers in North America.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most common cancers in the world.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer affecting the colon and rectum.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most common types of cancer in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most preventable and curable types of cancer.
Colorectal cancer is one of the most preventable cancers.
Colorectal cancer is preventable in many cases.
Colorectal cancer is preventable, and is easy to treat and often curable when detected early.
Colorectal cancer is preventable, treatable, and often curable when it is found early.
Colorectal cancer is rare in less developed areas such as Africa, most of Asia, and Latin America.
Colorectal cancer is second only to cancer of the lung in frequency as a killer.
Colorectal cancer is second only to lung cancer as a cause of death by malignancy.
Colorectal cancer is second only to lung cancer as a cause of death from cancer.
Colorectal cancer is second only to lung cancer in causing cancer deaths.
Colorectal cancer is the growth of abnormal cells in the colon or rectum.
Colorectal cancer is the most preventable cancer but the least prevented.
Colorectal cancer is the number two cancer killer in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the one of the most preventable cancers that exist.
Colorectal cancer is the second biggest cancer killer, behind lung cancer.
Colorectal cancer is the second highest cause of death from cancer in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cancer killer in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cancer killer, second only to lung cancer.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death for men and women combined.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death for men.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men and women in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States each year.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in North America.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related death in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related death.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths.
Colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of death from cancer in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common cancer in developed countries.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common cause of cancer death among American men and women.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common cause of cancer death in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common cause of cancer death in the Western world.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common cause of cancer deaths in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common form of cancer.
Colorectal cancer is the second most common visceral malignancy in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the second most deadly cancer.
Colorectal cancer is the second most deadly tumor in human beings.
Colorectal cancer is the second most prevalent cancer in the western world.
Colorectal cancer is the second-leading cancer killer in America.
Colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the third leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. in both men and women.
Colorectal cancer is the third leading cause of cancer death in women.
Colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer among women.
Colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer in North America.
Colorectal cancer is the third most common cause of cancer death in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the third most common cause of cancer-related death in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the third most common malignant neoplasm worldwide.
Colorectal cancer is the third most common type of cancer in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer in America.
Colorectal cancer is the third most prevalent cancer in North America.
Colorectal cancer is therefore the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States.
Colorectal cancer is usually curable when detected early.
Colorectal cancer is usually curable when it is detected early.
Colorectal cancer is virtually nonexistent at the equator.
Colorectal cancer occurs from the presence of cancerous cells in the colon, rectum, or cecum.
Colorectal cancer occurs in the colon and rectum, the last parts of the digestive system.
Colorectal cancer occurs most often in the rectosigmoid region.
Colorectal cancer occurs throughout the world.
Colorectal cancer ranks second in cancer incidence for the combined U.S. population.
Colorectal cancer refers to cancer that involves both the colon and rectum.
Colorectal cancer refers to cancers of the colon or rectum.
Colorectal cancer refers to malignant growths that occur in the colon and the rectum.
Colorectal cancer remains the nation's number-two cancer killer, despite being highly preventable.
Colorectal cancer remains the third most common cancer in incidence and mortality for men and women.
Colorectal cancer requires surgery in nearly all cases for complete cure.
Colorectal cancer starts because of polyps.
Colorectal cancer starts with a single cell that mutates and grows into a visible polyp.
Colorectal cancer starts with no symptoms.
Colorectal cancer strikes both men and women.
Colorectal cancer strikes just as hard in both men and women.
Colorectal cancer strikes men and women in almost equal numbers.
Colorectal cancer strikes men and women with almost equal frequency often with no symptoms.
Colorectal cancer strikes men and women with almost equal frequency.
Colorectal cancer strikes only older, white men.
Colorectal cancer strikes the colon and the rectum, both parts of the large intestine.
Colorectal cancer strikes women nearly as often as men, and frequently begins without symptoms.
Colorectal cancer tends to develop within certain families.
Colorectal cancer tends to run in families.
Colorectal cancers are highly treatable when diagnosed in the earliest stages.
Colorectal cancers are the second largest cause of cancer deaths in the United States.
Colorectal cancers are the third most common cancer in men and women.
Colorectal cancers are the third most common cancers among men and women.
Colorectal cancers are the third most common cancers in men and women.
Colorectal cancers arise from pre-malignant polyps.
Colorectal cancers arise in the lower portions of the digestive tract.
Most colorectal cancers are in the colon.
Most colorectal cancers begin as a growth on the inner lining of the colon or rectum called a polyp.
Most colorectal cancers begin as benign tumors called polyps.
Most colorectal cancers begin as polyps which later develop into cancer.
Most colorectal cancers begin as polyps.
Most colorectal cancers begin first as small growths, called polyps, inside the colon or rectum.
Most colorectal cancers begin in the form of a polyp.
Most colorectal cancers begin with polyps that, unless removed, can become cancerous over time.
Most colorectal cancers develop from adenomatous polyps.
Most colorectal cancers develop from polyps.
Most colorectal cancers develop in certain types of polyps or tissue growths.
Most colorectal cancers develop slowly over several years.
Most colorectal cancers occur in the segment closest to the rectum.
Most colorectal cancers start out as small benign growths that are known as polyps.
Colorectal carcinoma carries a uniformly poor prognosis due to advanced stage at presentation.
Colorectal carcinoma is the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States.
Colorectal carcinoma presenting during pregnancy is uncommon.
Colorectal malignancy is a major cause of cancer deaths, yet most cases are preventable.
Colored acrylics are subject to fading to varying degrees depending on the colorants used.
Colored areas are disagreements about shoreline or islands or lakes.
Colored areas represent land cover that changed during the five-year period.
Colored areas represent the basin size above the trap site.
Colored arrays are a quick way for students to examine patterns.
Colored arrows represent alpha and beta decays.
Colored arrows show emergency exits in case fire blocks hallway or stairs.
Colored background indicates announcement within the past week.
Colored backgrounds are cool, especially background pictures.
Colored backgrounds require larger type for text to be readable.
Colored balls are the unlimited worlds.
Colored balls represent the solvated water molecules and the arrows show the water-layers.
Colored bands mean the bird can be identified by sight alone.
Colored bars represent independent genetic markers that definitively partition artiodactyls.
Colored bars show relationships.
Colored bars show the three body segments measured and white dots show the eye centroid positions.
Colored bats are acceptable.
Colored beads accent the center of each swirl.
Colored beads are translucent - and much brighter colors than shown below.
Colored beams run from the ceiling to the floor, swinging madly in a beat-driven frenzy.
Colored blades are muscovite.
Colored bottles help to reduce damage by light .
Most colored bottles are valuable.
Colored boxes show patches containing higher mesh resolution.
Colored breeds are much better.
Colored breeds tend to work best.
Colored candles sit atop each table for a touch of style.
Colored cells represent pigment presence.
Colored chalk is needed here.
Colored chalk is useful to highlight important aspects of the lesson.
Colored chimes begin to play music of breeze gliding over leaves.
Colored circles highlight an interesting number pattern found among the curvatures.
Colored circles represent places where paleoseismic investigations occurred.
Colored circles represent traffic volume of selected street intersections.
Colored clay slips alone create an extraordinarily rich surface on many pieces.
Colored cloths fall somewhere in between black and white.
Colored compounds absorb visible light.
Colored concrete requires control of water and mixing procedures used.
Colored conifers are assets to the landscape year-round.
Colored connectors look sweet.
Colored contours represent the air pressure on the right side and air speed on the left.
Colored corpuscles are normally mixed and appear white.
Colored cotton is naturally pest and disease tolerant, making it easier to grow organically.
Colored cotton is suitable for chemically sensitive people.
Colored cotton provides new yarn and fabric design potentials.
Colored deck is in the basic price, as well as remainders of fabric for outfitting, reparations.
Colored denims provide a dramatic backdrop for the ribbon belt as well.
Colored diamonds are also available.
Colored diamonds are hot, both in the marketplace and in science.
Colored diamonds are much more rare and expensive.
Colored discs are perfect for special projects but generally cost too much for everyday use.
Colored dots are a simple way to code the name tags.
Colored dots represent different mitochondrial DNA sequences.
Colored dots represent the different populations of phytoplankton cells.
Colored dots show depths, and sizes of dots show magnitude.
Colored dots work well.
Colored erasers leave a color on the paper.
Any colored feather is considered a grave fault.
Colored fibers are also available, including black.
Colored films sell for about fifty per cent.
Colored filters are the primary tool for selective use of spectrum with conventional photography.
Colored filters can both block unwanted wavelengths of light and enhance details in an object.
Colored fish swim in and out of the sea coral in an oversized tank.
Colored fleeces can be any color and still be of value as long as the fiber is soft and silky.
Colored fleeces sell quickly, so pre-ordering is recommended.
Many colored flowers are orange to yellow or orange changing to red, pink or white.
Colored folders is one of the most basic methods used.
Colored forms come true from seed.
Colored fruits show up on the persistent crabs, winterberry hollies, hawthorns and pyracantha.
Most colored gemstones derive their beauty from their color.
Colored glass is better than clear glass .
Colored glass is crushed into different grain sizes called 'frits'.
Colored glass is glass.
Colored glass lights future optics route.
Colored glass vases work really well here.
Colored glasses permit dyslectics to read normally.
Colored grains are muscovite and biotite.
Many colored grains are biotite and muscovite.
Colored graphs are very effective.
Colored hair is inappropriate if done in a manner to draw attention to oneself.
Colored henna is different than natural henna.
Colored hosiery pulls together a look and adds a little extra sophistication.
Colored houses are extra credit.
Colored icons are clickable.
Colored illustrations abound to aid in clarifying the terminology.
Colored ink can highlight borders, rules or deadlines.
Colored ink is available for certain types of orders.
Colored inks are acceptable.
Colored inks are expensive.
Colored insets provide maps, sketches and various types of data.
Colored jugs preserve flavor and vitamin A and riboflavin levels for a longer period of time.
Colored kernels pop all white with more flavor and fewer hulls.
Colored laminates are more satisfying than photo-imaged laminates.
Colored latex makes test results easy to read and end-points are reached in a few minutes.
Colored leagues can live and flourish only upon that basis.
Colored lenses give a sickly pink hue to all the Mars sequences.
Colored lenses are available.
Colored letters indicate locations of cores studied.
Colored light has miraculous curative powers.
Colored lights glow inside the castle, and other lights illuminate the outside.
Colored lights illuminate the audience, sweeping across the dancers.
Colored lights shine on the falling water, also enhancing the wonderful experience.
Colored lights shining through the windows and around doorways look festive on dark, snowy days.
Colored lighting brings to life everything from torches to fluorescent lights.
Colored lighting can also effect behavior.
Colored lighting can have a great effect if used in the right places.
Colored lighting is in the software version.
Colored lighting is used subtly but well.
Colored lines are effective on the color monitor and color printers or plotters.
Colored lines are for increasing pitch angle.
Colored lines are the sidelines, the bleachers and the wall are the end lines.
Colored lines can indicate various cutting paths or layers of the workpiece.
Colored lines represent the shape of the shock wave.
Colored magazines contain harmful inks and chemicals, when ingested can cause harm.
Some colored maps can be problematic.
Colored markers are also good to have.
Colored material is known to fade on exposure to sunlight.
Colored models are uncommon.
Colored mulch is a product made from chopped up pallets that are then dyed.
Colored mulch is made by dyeing the mulch in a water-based solution of colorant and chemical binder.
Colored nails are a distraction, especially with clothing styles.
Colored nodes indicate the locations of calibration subbasins.
All colored objects contain pigments.
Colored ones are impossible.
Colored originals are difficult to duplicate on our high-speed copiers.
Colored pads come with a dark green flannel holder and a plaid flannel liner .
Colored paper can give documents identification, recognition and character.
Colored paper can highlight a collection of poems.
Colored paper causes a background and decreases quality.
Colored paper draws attention to very small items.
Colored paper is available at no extra charge.
Colored paper is both environmentally and archivally unsound.
Colored paper is great.
Colored paper is nice for printed pages.
Colored paper is sometimes acceptable.
Colored paper releases toxic heavy metals into the atmosphere.
Colored paper torn into small pieces remains a popular occupation in kindergatens.
Colored paper yields a lower dollar figure, and glossy paper even lower.
Colored papers can be fun too.
Colored papers can reflect the brilliance of plant fibers as well as flower petals and corn husks.
Any colored papers including buff, pink or gray are non-standard.
Colored parts correspond each other.
Colored pearls add elegance, sophistication to wedding ensemble.
Colored pens look good for text and simple diagrams.
Colored pencil is acceptable.
Colored pencil is applied by hand to each image, following the artist's prototype.
Colored pencil is portable, inexpensive, and requires no setup or cleanup.
Colored pencil shading is an excellent way to create a great impression.
Colored pencil works best on matte surfaces.
Colored pencils are available individually or in sumptuous-looking sets with dozens of colors.
Colored pencils are laborious and limited.
Colored pencils are often useful.
Colored pencils are pencils.
Colored pencils are to be used to illustrate the results of energy conversion.
Colored pencils are valuable for labeling diagrams.
Colored pencils are wonderful.
Colored pencils come in many different values.
Colored pencils have faint colors and they can smudge.
Colored pencils work best for traveling artwork since crayons melt and markers are messy.
Colored people come in all colors.
Colored people form a large per cent of the population.
Colored people know many of their own who have done likewise.
Colored petals show rings of intensified color around the lesions.
Colored photos are on the cover.
Colored photographs accompany the text.
Colored photographs are plentiful and there are indexes to access common and Latin names.
Colored pictures are preferred.
Some colored pigments are inherently more durable than others.
Colored pillars mark the classroom of each grade level.
Colored plastic beads Tie a good sized knot in the bottom of the string.
Colored points are first order photons.
Colored polygons indicate that all shapres are closed.
Colored Pouches Has a colored, semi-opaque border which appears around the laminated item.
Colored prints look black and white under the sodium lamp and full color under a white light.
Colored products tend to hold their colors better over time.
Colored quad means a red player with quad glows red and a blue player with quad glows blue.
Colored rails are ideal for cassette organization and customization.
Colored region is the lake floor whereas the gray region is the surrounding land.
Colored region is the new shaded-relief bathymetry of the lake floor.
Colored regions have most material.
Colored regions indicate areas which have been enlarged in later Figures.
Colored regions indicate areas with increased vulnerability to future climate stress .
Colored regions indicate regions of preferential alignment.
Colored rings are due to variations in carbonate composition.
Colored row is for the data currently being analyzed.
Colored rows are the most recently updated.
Colored rubber grips.
Colored sand can be store-bought or made by shaking powdered tempera with neutral colored sand.
Colored shades tend to color the light.
Every colored shape is cut out of a whole sheet of veneer.
Every colored shape is cut out of whole sheet of veneer.
Many colored sheep are competitive with their white counterparts.
Colored shirts are more expensive, especially dark and premium colors.
Colored shirts cost more that white and have an add on cost listed below.
All colored shirts feature white print.
Colored slides illustrate two of the songs, and a hand-signing song and skit are also featured.
Colored spotlights roam the room.
Colored sprays can turn hair into hay.
Colored squares depict opsins and their spectral sensitivities.
Colored squares stud an unobtrusive toolbar.
Colored stains add another variation.
Colored stainless is custom made to order.
Colored stars ignite in every direction.
Colored sticks have clear, natural tips.
Colored stone is our passion and inspiration.
Colored stripes hide a set of three large block letters.
Colored sugar demonstrates nonpoint source pollution.
Colored sugar looks particularly festive.
Colored supplements are a recent feature.
Colored symbols are average values at each sampling site.
Colored symbols correspond to the five geographic and genetic clusters.
Colored tabs are available upon request.
Colored tables are an excellent way to add color without graphic file overhead.
Colored tattoos are much more likely to fade than black only ones.
Colored text can be interesting, too.
Colored text creates a cognitive and perceptual load for users and slows reading time.
Colored text indicates a direct link to a website discussing the specific potential resource.
Colored text indicates a required field.
Colored text indicates new or changed topics.
Colored text is converted to black.
Colored thread contains dye.
Colored thread indicates the back of the underwear.
Colored thread is located in cabinets.
Colored tiles decorate the highest gable and the towers.
Colored tints are avilable in many qualities and in colors from light grey to bronze to silver.
Colored towns have historical discussions, below.
Colored vectors depict the magnitude of the magnetic moment on the nickel sites.
Colored water is used as the dike-forming magma.
Colored water moves through tubes caked with glitter.
Colored water remains in the straw.
Colored wax is excellent when used on a complimentary color of rice paper.
Colored waxes are just as bad.
Colored web makes using the harness even easier.
Colored yarn can be effective in visually linking poster elements.
Colored yarn is effective in visually linking poster elements.
Colored yarn is ideal for general purpose cleaning, while white yarn is great for stripping.
Coloreds have overlapping identities because of religion, culture, class and politics.
Most coloretal cancers begin as polyps.
Colorfast dyes keep it from fading or running.
Most colorful anarchist explains philosophy of history, oppression by organized religion, etc.
Colorful anemones are cnidarians, in the same phylum as sea jellies and corals.
Colorful anemones decorate white linen tabletops and cozy banquettes line the walls.
Colorful animals grab the eye, and pictures help kids visualize basic math concepts.
Colorful annuals replace the tulips later in the spring.
Colorful applique is decorated with rhinestones and bows.
Colorful autumn gives way to cruel winter, which in turn leads to the promise of spring.
Colorful balloons are everywhere.
Colorful balloons create a light and lively atmosphere for anniversaries, grand openings and more.
Every colorful bandanna is made to match any of our cotton collar patterns.
Colorful banners celebrate the seasons of the ocean, and native coastal plants grace the patio.
Colorful banners fly above the door of the travel bookstore.
Colorful banners hang from the ceiling.
Colorful beads shake and rattle within the drum to make sounds of ocean waves.
Colorful beads slide over bright wires in endless combinations.
Colorful beads swirl around for a vivid light display.
Colorful beams excite the brain and transform themselves into psychic energies, into memory traces.
Colorful birds have features.
Colorful birds have legs.
Colorful birds use feathers.
Most colorful birds have features.
Most colorful birds have legs.
Most colorful birds use feathers.
Colorful bottles make an unusual window dressing.
Colorful bundle includes spiney oyster arrowhead with turquoise nuggets, coral and shell heishe.
Colorful bungalows radiate from center of village along edge of beach.
Colorful butterflies dance and flutter among towering cup plants, coneflowers and prairie dock.
Colorful caladiums provide a striking contrast with the green foliage of other plants.
Colorful canopies make for very picturesque photo opportunity to remember island by.
Colorful card can be active communication.
Colorful cards are attention getters.
Colorful catalogues are available.
Some colorful caterpillars are covered with toxic hairs.
Colorful characters are one thing, but artificially eccentric elderly are an insult.
Colorful characters make it great for the whole family.
Colorful characters twirl inside their plastic balls.
Some colorful characters lead students.
Colorful charts display caloric and nutrient breakdowns based on latest government recommendations.
Colorful cinematography is artistically shaded with homoeroticism.
Colorful cliffs soar skyward from the water's edge and keen eyes spot mule deer and bighorn sheep.
Colorful cliffs stand above endless flats of creosote bush.
Colorful clothing brightens the drab landscape.
Colorful clowns greet the crowds.
Colorful confetti can brighten up any buffet or dining table.
Colorful corals live on the Gulf of Maine sea floor.
Colorful costumes represent children from countries worldwide.
Colorful creatures swim against a backdrop of ancient tunnels and archways.
Colorful creatures tend to be toxic, and ladybugs are no exception.
Colorful crinoids adorn the wall and a wide variety of fish patrol the depths.
Colorful crowds can be fun.
Colorful descriptions capture the unique character and amenities of each inn.
Colorful design is same as regular shirt at left.
Colorful designs help enhance the concepts when discussing knots, angles, etc.
Colorful desserts amuse everyone.
Colorful diagrams depict the fibrin mesh as it forms and entraps blood cells.
Colorful diagrams illustrate principles of convection, radiation, and conduction.
Colorful display makes the program fun and easy to learn.
Colorful dolls made of duffle and skins are also a favorite among youngsters.
Colorful dots are white, orange and gray.
Colorful dots are yellow, white, blue and purple.
Colorful dots are yellow, white, green and orange.
Colorful dragonflies have wings.
Most colorful dragonflies have wings.
Colorful examples accompany every tantalizing project.
Colorful excuses come from reluctant pruners hoping to avoid the job.
Colorful eye catching graphics create customer awareness.
Colorful fish are abundant, as are moray eels and small stingrays.
Colorful fish are everywhere including beautiful lionfish.
Colorful fish are just one part of the scenary.
Colorful fish inhabit the reef.
Colorful flags hang from the ceiling, honoring the nations involved in ice core research worldwide.
Colorful flags snap and flap in the ocean breeze.
Colorful flip covers.
Colorful floats join the procession, and stylish vintage automobiles convey festival dignitaries.
Colorful flowers attract hummingbirds to a peaceful courtyard.
Colorful flowers bloom in window boxes.
Colorful flowers can help.
Colorful flowers grace the balconies.
Colorful flowers sprout up between the vegetables.
Colorful flowers to attract pollinators.
Colorful foliage can appear, depending largely on the year's rainfall pattern.
Colorful foliage creates spectacular scenery, and the weather is generally pleasant.
Colorful foods are also attractive to many young children.
Colorful frogs can sometimes be poisonous.
Colorful games are accessible via free downloads.
Colorful graphs draw the eye quickly to problem areas, such as excessive paging.
Colorful graphics are easy on the eyes and changes to avoid repetitiveness.
Colorful graphics feature high grade laminates of silver and maple.
Colorful graphics introduce basic musical skills in fun attention holding games.
Colorful graphics make graphs easy to read and interpret.
Colorful graphics spice up a great game.
Many colorful hues make up the sides of the canyons.
Colorful icons identify journaling, critical thinking, and learning styles activities.
Colorful icons lead patrons to staff-selected lists of recommended reading.
Colorful icons make it easy to find information on particular animals.
Colorful icons tell the cook how long it takes to prepare a recipe from start to finish.
Colorful illustrations accompany the written lyrics.
Colorful illustrations add the perfect compliment to the words.
Colorful illustrations add to the fun.
Colorful illustrations capture and combine the details of people and seasons.
Colorful illustrations capture the essence of the festivals.
Colorful illustrations complement the sweet story.
Colorful illustrations compliment the story.
Colorful illustrations decorate traditional stories told in Signed English.
Colorful illustrations depict the various scenic sites.
Colorful illustrations help a child understand space.
Colorful illustrations help bring the Spanish and English words alive.
Colorful illustrations help explain the origins, properties, uses and dangers of fire.
Colorful illustrations make the experience even more delightful.
Colorful illustrations show redwood used on traditional and contemporary homes.
Colorful images decorate the walls and ceilings of the carved Byzantine Christian chapels .
Colorful kites appear to float beneath the sky-blue ceiling.
Colorful label has some staining and frayed edges, but is in good condition.
Colorful language can also aid in getting a point across.
Colorful language seems to work well as a natural lubricant.
Colorful lanterns are strung across the plaza as music plays and festival finery is brought out.
Colorful leaves resemble stars.
Colorful light plays across supercell thunderstorm at dusk.
Colorful lights begin to adorn the trees and shops along the sides of busy roads.
Colorful lights enhance a the atnosphere.
Colorful lights illuminate street, and on the weekends many restaurants feature live Indian music.
Colorful lights swirl across the floor as a nine-piece band plays smooth Latin jazz.
Colorful lights twinkle where only power cords existed before.
Colorful logo is printed on the front of the shirt.
Colorful lories are exquisitely active and playful.
Colorful maps are quick to download even on a home modem.
Colorful maps pinpoint the sites within each state.
Colorful maps show the locations of restrooms, call boxes, and points of interest.
Colorful marionettes are on display in front of one of the numerous shops surrounding the plaza.
Colorful markets offer a variety of fresh fish, fruits and spices.
Colorful markets offer an exotic array of discoveries.
Colorful meals are more appealing.
Colorful media shows available.
Colorful messages can trigger great visibility.
Colorful monkeys live in areas.
Most colorful monkeys live in areas.
Colorful morning parades wind their way through the village.
Colorful mud bubbles like a pot of mush.
Colorful mural displays the natural heritage of the area.
Colorful murals cover the walls.
Colorful notes float out of pumping speaker.
Colorful outfits represent personal reflections and traditional meaning connected with the earth.
Colorful packaging is environmentally sensitive.
Colorful packaging offers many ideas for finished card designs.
Colorful pages hold attention.
Colorful pages introduce colors, shapes, numbers, letters and other concepts.
Every colorful page features photography by local and national travel photographers.
Colorful pageantry creates visual delights at fiestas and markets.
Colorful paintings adorn the walls and golden statues stand upright in the room's corners.
Colorful paintings illustrate ants, mosquitoes, butterflies, ladybugs, and more.
Colorful paintings portray the various insects as cute, friendly, and non-threatening creatures.
Colorful pamphlet tells what to eat to eat, buy, and do to help lower high blood pressure.
Colorful pamphlet tells what to eat, buy, and do to help lower high blood cholesterol.
More colorful parakeets are rare, so the fancier mutations are more expensive.
Colorful parrot sits atop a stand.
Colorful people attract more attention, and are far more likely to be perceived as extroverts.
Colorful petals attract pollinators while protecting the reproductive parts.
Colorful petals attract pollinators.
Most colorful petals attract pollinators.
Colorful photo accompanies each recipe.
Colorful photo features guide the reader through world class collections.
Colorful photos illustrate a wealth of imaginative decorating ideas.
Colorful photos tell the story of egg processing, hen house to grocery store.
Colorful photographs aid the reader in identifying each herb.
Colorful photographs illustrate each step of a trick.
Colorful pictures complement the short, but informative, pages about ancient calendars.
Colorful pictures depict daily events.
Colorful pictures show the frogs in the wild.
Colorful pillows decorate and soften the benches.
Colorful plant food contains compounds.
Colorful posters adorn the modest eatery and boldly spell out the cultural pride of the owners.
Colorful posters crowd telephone poles and shopwindows.
Colorful posters highlight the coming year's football and basketball schedules.
Colorful pots add sparkle to a windowsill or dining room hutch.
Colorful prints abound in stylish splendor.
Colorful props add a sense of mystery and support the communication.
Colorful red stems in winter.
Colorful reefs are home to a rainbow of small multi-hued fish.
Colorful resource includes index and useful glossary.
Colorful robes worn by the priest symbolize powers over the energies of the cosmos.
Colorful rugs hang on the walls, and one corner has a big toy cactus in it.
Colorful screen saver with witches, ghost, scarey people and more flying around a haunted house.
Colorful sea anemones with stinging tentacles adhere to the rocks.
Colorful seashells are scattered everywhere, No other place can compare.
Colorful sedimentation abounds.
Colorful shawls are an integral part of the dancers' attire.
Colorful shirt depicts a man dressed in typical fly fisherman's garb scooping up a fish with a net.
Colorful site tracks college''s cumulative won-loss records.
Colorful sketch includes one or two gemstones.
Colorful sleeve has illus.
Colorful slides accompany the info.
Colorful slides accompany the information.
Colorful smocks are available to protect clothing.
Colorful songbirds add a flash of brilliance to the trees.
Colorful species require vitamin-rich natural foods to maintain their colors.
Colorful spots adorn their wings and head.
Colorful stamps get attention and usually get opened.
Colorful stationery brightens the heart.
Colorful sticker calls for breaking the chains of debt.
Colorful stores create a funky mix for shopping fun.
Colorful storefronts ring the square.
Colorful streamers are wonderful too.
Colorful streamers trail behind the team's parachutes in flight.
Colorful stripes send mixed signals from cleaner gobies to risky reef fish clients.
Colorful tabs divide the lesson notes, songs, and activity copy masters for each unit.
Colorful tape works nicely.
Colorful Thoughts feat.
More colorful tiles are a feature.
Many colorful treats cover the table.
Colorful trucks teach children the twelve basic colors.
Colorful turtle symbolizes a long and prosperous life.
Colorful turtles are two toys in one.
Colorful variety Expect appealing plate presentations and a harmony of colors, tastes and textures.
Colorful vegetables contain compounds.
Colorful vegetables contain nutrient compounds.
Most colorful vegetables contain compounds.
Most colorful vegetables contain nutrient compounds.
Colorful vegetation varies from northern desert plants to alpine plants.
Colorful walls turn to blank stares While space shrinks to dust.
Colorful warblers dart by, flitting from one willow to another.
Colorful warmth replaces sepia apathy.
Colorful watercolors complement the text.
Colorful wildflowers bend in the breeze, filling meadow after meadow with vivid, unexpected color.
Colorful wildflowers decorate the meadows.
Colorful wildflowers line the roadsides all over southwest New Mexico.
Colorful zinnias come in a wide variety of shapes and sizes.
Colorgraphic company profile all products product est.
Colorific scenes incarnate on earth.
A colorimeter is an instrument
Colorimeter is a high tech toy to impress customers.
Colorimeters are devices used to measure the color values on a monitor or on printed material.
Colorimeters are laboratory equipment.
Colorimeters have a strong light inside the machine.
Colorimeters read in numerical values.
A colorimetric analysis is a measurement
A colorimetric analysis is a qualitative analysis
Colorimetric analysis is a recognized method for reliable testing of water samples.
A coloring book is a picture book
Coloring book Have some fun coloring some seasonal drawings.
Coloring book includes complete story guide.
Coloring books are located in toy stores.
Coloring books are picture books.
Coloring adds shine and thickness.
Coloring appears over and over again in mathematics.
Coloring can give as much expression as modeling.
Coloring can help protect an animal by making it hard to see.
Coloring can vary from cream to copper and all shades in between.
Coloring does that in many cases.
Coloring indicates the contribution of each parameterized function.
Coloring is a bit uneven.
Coloring is a favorite pastime for children.
Coloring is a huge problem in mathematics.
Coloring is a mixture of white and silver gray.
Coloring is a result of added herbs and or spices.
Coloring is a tactile and mobile learning tool.
Coloring is a two-step process.
Coloring is acceptable.
Coloring is also due in large part to the weather.
Coloring is also related to the energy as indicated in the sacles for side view.
Coloring is also related to the energy as indicated in the scales for side view.
Coloring is an advantage the English have over their pointing competition.
Coloring is an incredible yellow with copper highlights.
Coloring is basically white with black or lilac spots randomly distributed on the body.
Coloring is black, white and tan.
Coloring is brown, with gray markings.
Coloring is buffed gray to brownish, with a tail ringed in buff and black bands.
Coloring is by hand unless otherwise indicated.
Coloring is changed and synthesized automatically.
Coloring is created by use of herbs, spices, botanicals, as well as oxides and ultramarine colors.
Coloring is distinct orange-red patches on white.
Coloring is essential to the overall development of a child.
Coloring is expensive.
Coloring is foodstuff.
Coloring is from spices used.
Coloring is good though.
Coloring is grayish brown.
Coloring is just another aspect of life.
Coloring is keyed to identify possesions of each European power.
Coloring is marking.
Coloring is predominately green , with pale olive under the wings.
Coloring is recreational activities.
Coloring is required.
Coloring is similar to others.
Coloring is slightly uneven along centerfold.
Coloring is still popular.
Coloring is the last process in finishing a piece of metal work.
Coloring is the main difference between the two arts.
Coloring is the same as in the first two layers.
Coloring is the same in both sexes, and there is no seasonal variation.
Coloring is the simplest form of enjoyment with appeal to young and old alike.
Coloring is unusual here.
Coloring is usually a mixed gray or grizzly color, though a few are black or white.
Coloring ranges from black or brown to red or white, depending on the breed.
Coloring ranges from deep chestnut in summer to dull brown in winter.
Coloring ranges from olivaceous above to silvery on lower sides and bottom.
Coloring ranges from red brown to more reddish.
Coloring varies by the season.
Coloring varies due to exposure to light.
Coloring varies from browns to greys, but never has the white face of the barn owl.
Coloring varies from pure white to dark chocolate-brown.
Colorings are another type of additive.
All coloring is determined by natural ingredients of herbs, grains and oils used.
All coloring is done by hand unless noted otherwise.
All coloring is done by hand.
Most coloring is a derivative of the annatto tree.
Some coloring is done by natural drying from snow and other natural elements.
A colorist is a painter
Colorists apply oil colors to portrait photographs to create a natural, lifelike appearance.
Some colorists define color as dark cherry red.
Colorized films are one example of a derivative work causing potential problems.
Colorized signals lose their middle lamp on the upper arm.
Colorized text is hyper-linked to another page or an email address.
Colorized version is available .
Colorless henna is a mixture of herbs.
Some colorless oil obtains from seeds.
Colorless stones are expensive.
Colormap focus follows pointer.
Colors magazine is no ordinary magazine.
Colors schemes tend to range from merely bright to the utterly maniacal.
Colossal pilasters define the corners.
Colossal returns are better.
Colossal squid are believed to have longer mantles than the giant squid, but shorter tentacles.
Colossal squids have eyes.
Colossal squids live in antarctic water.
Colossal squids live in water.
Most colossal squids have eyes.
Most colossal squids live in antarctic water.
Most colossal squids live in water.
Some colossal squids are captured by fishermen.
Some colossal squids get attention.
Colossal study shows amphibian woes.
Colossus legs are optional.
A colostomy is ostomy
Colostomies tend to emit more odor than ileostomies because of the bacterial abundance in the colon.
Colostomy complications a surgical failure or a population problem.
Colostomy is a possibility.
Colostomy is one of the treatment methods for bowel dysfunction.
Most colostomies are reversible, and can be corrected after a healing period.
Colostral antibody is therefore very important.
A colostrum is milk
Colostrum acts as a laxative, helping babies pass their first stools.
Colostrum also contains a high level of antibodies against a variety of infectious agents.
Colostrum also contains certain enzymes known as trypsin and protease inhibitors.
Colostrum also contains large amounts of antibodies.
Colostrum also has a laxative effect and starts the bowels moving.
Colostrum also has the capacity to correct the low levels of serotonin, tryptophan and magnesium.
Colostrum also has tremendous healing properties.
Colostrum also helps increase serotonin levels to brighten our moods .
Colostrum also helps to burn fat for energy and build lean muscle tissue.
Colostrum also helps to clean the meconium from the colon.
Colostrum also stimulates the passage of meconium.
Colostrum builds the immune system and contributing growth factors.
Colostrum can be a clear fluid or a deep golden color.
Colostrum can be bottle fed, or administered via stomach tube by a veterinarian.
Colostrum can be hard to come by.
Colostrum can help heal the body at the cellular level and prevent the onset of certain conditions.
Colostrum can transmit the disease to calves of uninfected cows.
Colostrum can vary considerably from cow to cow.
Colostrum contains antibodies that protect the calf from many diseases.
Colostrum contains antibodies that provide protection against disease.
Colostrum contains critical nutrition, energy, and immunity needed for the newborn to start life.
Colostrum contains fats, carbohydrates, white blood cells, protein, and antibodies.
Colostrum contains five types of specific antibodies.
Colostrum contains high levels of immunoglobulins.
Colostrum contains immunity factors that help protect the newborn infant from infections.
Colostrum contains lower levels of lactose than normal milk.
Colostrum contains many antibodies and increases the calves' resistance to disease.
Colostrum contains more protein and less fat than regular breast milk.
Colostrum contains more protein, less sugar and much less fat than mature breast milk.
Colostrum differs from normal milk in many ways.
Colostrum enhances the digestive system.
Colostrum fills a mare's mammary glands about two to three days prior to foaling.
Colostrum has a laxative effect which helps the baby pass stools.
Colostrum has a lower fat content and smaller volume relative to mature milk.
Colostrum has an especially important role to play in the baby's gastrointestinal tract.
Colostrum has extra vitamins and protein and is very good for the calf.
Colostrum has no drug interactions.
Colostrum has no known drug interactions.
Colostrum heals the bowel.
Colostrum helps build lean muscle.
Colostrum helps prevent jaundice.
Colostrum helps protect calves from disease and increases their chance of survival.
Colostrum helps to strengthen the kid's immune system as it develops.
Colostrum intake by dairy calves.
Colostrum is a critical part of their first day of life.
Colostrum is a food and can be consumed by most people without any side effects.
Colostrum is a food.
Colostrum is a milky color, very sweet and very sticky and stringy.
Colostrum is a natural laxative which helps with the baby's first bowel movements.
Colostrum is a powerful nutritional ally to help prevent illness even during an active flu season.
Colostrum is a premilk substance, which contains antibodies and white cells from the mother's blood.
Colostrum is a valuable source of antibodies for the new-born infant.
Colostrum is a whole, natural food, so there is no known health risk in trying it.
Colostrum is absolutely essential.
Colostrum is administered as powder and capsules.
Colostrum is already in demand and breeder support is much appreciated.
Colostrum is also a powerful natural immune potentiator from mother mammals breast.
Colostrum is also a very effective laxative.
Colostrum is also beneficial in stimulating the baby's first bowel movement.
Colostrum is also excellent for helping to heal problems of the mouth.
Colostrum is an excellent energy source.
Colostrum is an exciting addition to the diet, a food which protects and promotes health.
Colostrum is an immune enhancer.
Colostrum is an important nutrient for the newborn.
Colostrum is another matter, however.
Colostrum is bright yellowish thick milk secreted in the first three to six days after birth.
Colostrum is collected after the newborn calves have received enough for their needs.
Colostrum is critical for baby lamb survival.
Colostrum is critical to the calf's ability to fight off disease.
Colostrum is dense with antibodies, proteins, antioxidants, and essential vitamins.
Colostrum is desirable for the baby.
Colostrum is essential to prevent all early types of scour.
Colostrum is essential.
Colostrum is excellent for the immune system, candida, weightloss and many more.
Colostrum is extremely high in secretory IgA, a major immunoglobulin and anti-infective agent.
Colostrum is full of antibodies, which help the newborn fight infections.
Colostrum is heat treated and all milk is pasteurized.
Colostrum is heat-treated and milk is pastuerized.
Colostrum is high in antibodies, energy and other nutrients.
Colostrum is high in protein, zinc and other minerals.
Colostrum is high-protein milk that's produced by the mother for a few days after giving birth.
Colostrum is important because it is a nourishing milk that prevents diseases.
Colostrum is important for prevention of most diseases of newborn calves.
Colostrum is instrumental in the protection against hypothermia and watery mouth.
Colostrum is known as the first milk from mammals to prepare the newborn for life.
Colostrum is more than enough to satisfy a newborn's needs and it is very sweet.
Colostrum is mother's milk during the first few days of breastfeeding.
Colostrum is nature's first food.
Colostrum is now more likely to leak from breasts.
Colostrum is one of the most potent natural antibiotics.
Colostrum is present initially.
Colostrum is produced by the udder immediately after parturition.
Colostrum is ready to use after three days fermentation.
Colostrum is rich in antibodies that provide the baby with protection against various infections.
Colostrum is rich in antibodies, which can protect the calf from disease in early life.
Colostrum is rich in antibodies.
Colostrum is rich in IgA synthesized by plasma cells of the intralobular connective tissue.
Colostrum is rich in immune factors.
Colostrum is rich in protein and immune factors that can help the infant resist infection.
Colostrum is rich in white blood cells.
Colostrum is safe, even in large quantities.
Colostrum is secreted by all lactating mammals shortly after giving birth, before milk is produced.
Colostrum is secreted from the mammary glands before and shortly after parturition.
Colostrum is sensitive to heat.
Colostrum is so full of immune factors and life force for that very reason.
Colostrum is sticky.
Colostrum is super-saturated with hormones.
Colostrum is the clear liquid that a mammal produces before their breast milk comes in.
Colostrum is the dairy calf's primary source of nutrients.
Colostrum is the first bacteria-free milk from a mammary gland after a normal dry period.
Colostrum is the first drawn milk from the mammary gland after parturition.
Colostrum is the first fluid secreted by lactating mammals.
Colostrum is the first milk a breastfed baby receives.
Colostrum is the first milk produced by a mammal after giving birth.
Colostrum is the first milk produced by mammals before the onset of lactation.
Colostrum is the first milk produced by the ewe.
Colostrum is the first milk secreted after the baby's birth.
Colostrum is the first milk that a mother produces.
Colostrum is the milk which is secreted during the first two or three days after parturition.
Colostrum is the new mother's sweet, thick, first milk secretion.
Colostrum is the perfect starter food for babies.
Colostrum is the serum that comes just before mother's milk.
Colostrum is the ultimate anti-aging, weight loss and immune supplement.
Colostrum is thick and creamy, is rich in protein but low in fats and carbohydrates.
Colostrum is thicker than breast milk, and is yellowish or creamy in color.
Colostrum is truly a complete food.
Colostrum is useless.
Colostrum is usually present in the milk glands by the middle of the pregnancy.
Colostrum is very concentrated and full of infection fighting agents.
Colostrum offers safe viral and bacterial protection.
Colostrum plays very important role in that process.
Colostrum promotes homeostatic balance in the body, while antibiotics and steriods disrupt it.
Colostrum provides antibodies to many toxins, including bacteria, viruses and yeasts.
Colostrum provides baby with an unequaled immunity against viruses and bacteria.
Colostrum provides passive immunity for the newborn.
Colostrum provides passive immunity to disease and helps build up vitamin and mineral levels.
Colostrum provides the antibodies that induce an initial resistance to disease.
Colostrum shows a broader base and wider application than any other natural substance.
Colostrum stimulates myofibrillar protein synthesis in newborn pigs.
Colostrum strengthens the body's immune system.
Colostrum substitutes .
Colostrum supports the human organism in two main ways.
Colostrum turns to mature milk appearance thin, watery, blue tinge.
Colostrum works best on an empty stomach.
Colostrums are milk.
Colour balance is good, with solid purity throughout the screen and no obvious blooming.
A colour bar is a barrier
Colour bars are now on.
Colour bleeding is a serious problem in all types of digital colour images.
Colour blindness can express itself in many variations and degrees of severity.
Colour blindness does have some advantages.
Colour blindness is a congenital abnormality
Colour blindness is the inability to distinguish colours.
Colour blindness Look for the hidden numbers on a colour vision test.
Colour blindness results from a lack of one or two of the receptors.
Most colour blindness is heritable , usually as simple Mendelian inheritance .
Most colour blindness is heritable, usually as simple Mendelian inheritance.
Colour bursts heighten emotional spikes.
Colour catchers are simply strips of black card with double sided tape on.
Colour coding highlights the therapist and client roles and interface.
Colour coding is used for certification tags to denote the different generations.
Colour coding is used throughout to distinguish between basic sciences and clinical topics.
Colour coding is utilised to highlight variances and adjusted results.
Colour constancy is maintained by adaptation to the overall bias in a colour-tinged illumination.
Colour constancy is perceptual constancy
Colour contrast is vivid in medium to larger scopes.
Colour correction is an important tool for digital colour imaging and reproduction.
Colour correction is good in achromatic designs and excellent in apochromatic and fluorite designs.
Colour depth is enormous.
Colour differences represent chemical differences in the nebula.
Some colour enlargers are also availalbe.
Colour filters filter out certain colours in white light and transmit certain others.
Colour images are no problem, and links to video clips etc.
Colour images are preferable when available.
Colour images reveal no colour differences between the nuclear discs and the bulges.
Colour indices appear stable.
Colour lines indicate cruise tracks.
Colour models represent the perceptual relationships between colours.
Colour of animal depends in part on the colour of the soil in which it has rolled.
Some colours of light are bent more than others.
Colour of skin is controlled by genes.
Colour perception is actually a moderately complex piece of physics and physiology.
Colour perception is particularly important when driving.
Colour photos are available for selected areas.
Colour photos are available on request.
Colour photos are preferable.
Colour photos taken in the natural habitat illustrate the plants described.
Colour photos use three layers of silver salts, sensitive to red, blue or green light.
Colour photographs are also acceptable.
Colour photographs are available as per our reprint prices.
Colour photographs are available upon request.
Colour photographs are preferred.
Colour photographs feature to help growers accurately identify pests and disease symptoms.
Colour photographs heighten the appeal.
Colour photographs help to identify various stones.
Colour photographs help with identification of various birds.
Colour photographs illustrate glaze effects and characteristics.
Colour photographs show examples of the grades available and the appearance of the product in use.
Colour photographs show the steps throughout.
Colour photography is also available in selected areas.
Colour preferences can also be different from monitor to monitor.
Colour printer is recommended, however it is also possible to print charts in a grey scale.
Colour printers dither the grey tones much more finely and the printout looks much better.
Colour printing is a fee-based service.
Colour printing is also available at some campuses.
Colour printing is available for a small fee.
Colour printing is delightful but frighteningly costly.
Colour printing is expensive.
Colour printing is much more expensive than monochrome.
Colour printing is possible on the covers and centre pages, which are printed on glossier paper.
Colour printing is well represented, and there are some fine bindings.
Colour problems are much more common in males.
Colour profiles can here yield useful additional information.
Colour psychology is back in fashion.
Colour rendition is excellent and image contrast is fairly high, too.
Colour rendition responds nicely to polarizers.
Colour saturation is low, but grain is very low and contrast was fine.
A colour scheme is a combination
Colour scheme is soil topographic index.
Colour scheme is still under discussion.
Colour schemes are subtle, in the main bedroom hangings of old rose contrast with the grey carpets.
Colour schemes are teacher selectable.
More colour schemes are possible in the future.
Colour science is a highly complex subject.
Colour spectrum is another important factor.
Colour television completes the comfortable bedrooms.
Colour television is installed in all rooms.
Colour television is installed in each house.
Colour television is optional in all bedrooms.
Colour television is provided.
Colour television is television
Colour temperature measures the colour quality of a light source.
Colour theory is a complex subject.
Colour therapy works on the energy systems of our body, rather than the physical area.
Colour tone is the quality of colour.
All colour TVs offer cable and satellite channels, along with video channels.
Colour vision depends on the outputs of the different cones.
Colour vision disappears.
Colour vision disturbances in chronic smokers.
Colour vision is mediated by retinal cells known as cones.
Colour vision is provided by cone cells in the retina.
Colour vision is slow and brightness vision is fast.
Some colour vision helps primates.
Colour words show that there are considerable gradations between the primary colours.
Colour affect everyone.
Colour affects the subtle flow of energies within the energy body.
Colour becomes color.
Colour begins to appear, but danger comes with it.
Colour can be a good indicator of quality.
Colour can be variable.
Colour can be very useful in graphics such as charts and diagrams.
Colour changes constantly when in view.
Colour changes from blue to red, indicating presence of glucose.
Colour changes in each plant with each season.
Colour combinations a simple theme that can be carried further to infinite ends.
Colour combined with lines or other markings are the easiest to match up.
Colour comes from iron oxide, copper carbonate or cobalt carbonate.
Colour comes in two choices, hot or cold.
Colour comes Live with early light.
Colour corresponds to the terrain height.
Colour counts, too Solid black, platinum and multi tones are just a few of the colours available.
Colour covers, and a few coloured illustrations.
Colour fills the air as silk scarves are thrown in a combined dance and juggling routine.
Colour has similar problems.
Colour ills throughout.
Colour indicates the status of each item to help the eye sift through the index quickly.
Colour introduces a still greater variety.
Colour is a tone
Colour is available.
Colour is by hand.
Colour is color.
Colour is dark grey above becoming darker with age, fading to a light grey shade below.
Colour is in proportion to sight.
Colour is in three shades of green, saddle between wings olive greenish colour.
Colour is on quote only.
Colour means nothing any more.
Colour meets texture and light meets dark .
Colour plays a large part in creating a good initial impression because it is an emotional thing.
Colour plays a very important part in laying down the spiritual and emotional keys in the work.
Colour plays an important role in providing a vibrant learning environment for the students.
Colour preferably brindle with white markings although black and white is permissible.
Colour ranges from black to grizzled grey to tan with a light belly.
Colour ranges from olive to sandy brown above and white below.
Colour ranges from pale yellow to gold with a light aroma.
Colour remains on the font, especially on the lilies.
Colour shown on website are approximately only.
Colour stays true and continuous, resists fading and feathering.
Colour swatches A sample set of a colour palette.
Colour varies depending on the species and the amount of exposure to sun but most are a reddish hue.
Colour varies due to location and conditions.
Colour varies from black to cinnamon and white patches on the chests are common.
Colour varies from cream to a golden yellow.
Colour varies from green-gray to brown.
Colour varies from greenish brown to blackish grey, with speckled and variegated markings.
Colour varies from light brown to bright white.
Colour varies from light brownish grey to grey.
Colour varies from light green to red depending on varieties.
Colour varies from light grey to frothy yellow-green.
Colour varies from pure black to cinnamon or blond.
Colour varies from pure white and silvery grey to brown.
Colour varies from white, blue roan or black.
Colour varies from whitish in winter to brown in summer.
Colour varies with coat from medium to very dark brown.
Colour works on many levels, primarily as a manipulator of form, volume and distance.
Colours abound, with enamel and fancy coloured diamonds popular.
Colours accentuate the sense of clinical detachment.
Colours also can set the mood.
Colours also have an intense, sharp, anguished sound.
Colours appear as slightly varying shades of grey.
Colours appear at the point where a body is no longer transparent.
Colours appear different when surrounded by dissimilar colours.
Colours are a higher award than buttons.
Colours are a problem, so stick with the basics for starters.
Colours are also very impressive, being both vibrant and well defined.
Colours are any shade of blue and brown, and sometimes one of each colour.
Colours are as close as possible using modern printing techniques.
Colours are based on the following legend.
Colours are black with tan, sable or all black, and other colours.
Colours are bold and strong and the encoding is spot-on.
Colours are bold.
Colours are bright and the quality cinematography shines through.
Colours are bright and there s no sign of pixelation whatsoever.
Colours are bright with good black contrast.
Colours are bright, cheerful, precisely constructed.
Colours are bright, subject matter appealing, and drawings whimsical.
Colours are bright, vivid and life-like.
Colours are brighter and more varied, the light is intense.
Colours are brilliant and clear.
Colours are brilliant and the contrast is right, even with the default settings.
Colours are clear.
Colours are configurable.
Colours are crisp and vivid with solid detail levels.
Colours are densities, vectors are velocities in the local rotation frame.
Colours are easier to discern in twilight.
Colours are eucalyptus scented and imbedded with sprigs of eucalyptus.
Colours are everywhere.
Colours are exceptionally strong.
Colours are generally green to bluish-grey or silver.
Colours are gold, yellow, blue, grey, orange, brown and green.
Colours are ideas.
Colours are intermixable.
Colours are kick-ass.
Colours are less vivid than with some other methods, but a striking result can still be obtained.
Colours are light and cool, with subtle accents in rich shades.
Colours are light peach, lemon, and green, offset with cream, and little embroidery.
Colours are limited due to both the artist's choice and technique in part.
Colours are limited to white and red.
Colours are mixed and blended wet on wet.
Colours are more vivid.
Colours are mostly for mix n match.
Colours are much brighter.
Colours are much dearer at some times of the year than at others.
Colours are navy and burgundy, similar to the leisure jacket.
Colours are notoriously difficult to discuss in the abstract.
Colours are only trends in the lower price sectors.
Colours are pink, purple, rust, white and yellow.
Colours are predominantly black or black and white.
Colours are predominantly rich earth tones taken from a collection of historical samples.
Colours are preference, better a 'wrong' colour model than no model.
Colours are prepared just before one starts to write.
Colours are pretty.
Colours are primarily to distinguish between different people editing the same document.
Colours are pure and dense.
Colours are red and white, with red playing first.
Colours are representations only.
Colours are resplendent, with lavish use of gold, and the figures are remote and immobile.
Colours are rich and strong, and black text is crisp and unbroken.
Colours are rich and varied.
Colours are rich and vibrant and it moves like the proverbial off a shovel.
Colours are rich in hidden meanings and symbolisms.
Colours are shades of green to mustard yellow, with a purple stripe on the labellum.
Colours are sometimes a little weird though.
Colours are somewhat washed-out, so the atmosphere is generally dark and bleak.
Colours are the deeds of light, deeds and sufferings.
Colours are the same that the previous maps.
Colours are top to bottom.
Colours are turquoise, pink, coral and orange.
Colours are usually black, grey or red and yellow, but also include brown and greenish-grey.
Colours are various with unusual markings on the head.
Colours are vibrant and true to life, as are the people, plants, and animals.
Colours are vibrant e.g. bright colors.
Colours are white with red or red with white.
Colours are white, and the village itself is well-kept.
Colours are wonderful but also work on science.
Colours associated with Aquarius are aquamarine, electric blue and turquoise tones.
Colours become bluer at larger distance.
Colours burst yet remain in check, saturation-wise.
Colours can be either mixed , superimposed , or juxtaposed.
Colours can be light or dark.
Colours can be mixed.
Colours can be transparent, opaque or opalescent.
Colours can be various yellow, oranges, reds, pinks, whites and milticoloured.
Colours can be vibrant or subdued, shiny or dull.
Colours can either contrast or harmonise.
Colours can vary drastically from bright orange with no markings to white with grey marking.
Colours can vary from jet black to light wheaton.
Colours can vary slightly with a darker almost blue black colour being reported.
Colours change with link bandwidth.
Colours change with their surroundings.
Colours clean up easily with soap and water.
Colours come through in vivid brightness with only trace signs of defects on the print.
Colours come together all the time - either in nature or in artistry.
Colours come with matching chevron striping.
Colours come with matching chevrons.
Colours convey a important emotional response in humans.
Colours correspond to dominant vegetation types.
Colours exhibit less brilliance in the distance than in the foreground.
Colours fully customizable.
Colours go on whisper-soft or intense, depending on the shade.
Colours have a lot to express to the eyes and soul.
Colours have different vibrations, properties and represent different levels of awareness.
Colours have meaning Colours, like symbols can have different meanings in different cultures.
Colours have original hue and brightness.
Colours help speedy filing too - productivity increases, file access speed is halved.
Colours Here are very short and easy to learn poems on colors for preschoolers.
Colours here are white, blue and yellow.
Colours indicate temperature, arrows indicate convective gas flows.
Colours indicate temperature.
Colours indicate the percentage of asylum applicants in relation to the population.
Colours intermingle and flow and mix on the silk.
Colours is available for hire for private parties.
Colours look best when the room is dark.
Colours look better with gamma correction.
Colours mark the competition zones, and wrestlers wear the corresponding blue or red singlet.
Colours mean different things to different people.
Colours normally range from yellowish-brown to very dark brown.
Colours play in the Lantern.
Colours produced by the card are quite good.
Colours range from a glossy, deep-black to purple or a pale mauve or pure white.
Colours range from blue to green and are sometimes brown to black.
Colours range from brownish, blackish, yellowish, to tawny.
Colours range from clear, straw and dark straw to light green.
Colours range from creamy to straw coloured to pale yellow, and sometimes coral pink.
Colours range from dark brown to dark silvery grey with large, opalescent eyes.
Colours range from fawn to black.
Colours range from gentle pastel tints to bright neon shades.
Colours range from jet black through greens, ochres, yellow and white.
Colours range from light ruby red to black.
Colours range from quiet white to full volume pinks.
Colours range from shades of pink, or lemon or blues to retro pinks, plums and oranges.
Colours range from the coolest of silver blues through to rich deep greens and yellows.
Colours range from white and cream through the rarer lemon to corals, pinks and red.
Colours range from white through to blue-black.
Colours render character to space.
Colours represent an epidemiological level.
Colours represent ground-velocity due to slip along a fault which bisects the model.
Colours represent the beauty of the rose.
Colours represent the host class from which the virus was isolated.
Colours revolve by ancient forces.
Colours run amok in the market.
Colours run like a school paintbox left open in the rain.
Colours seem faded.
Colours shown are approximate.
Colours shown are examples only, please see our fabric swatch card for accurate representation.
Colours tend to be dark or golden, to synthesize and redesign volumes and outlines.
Colours turn to gold.
Colours used are red, yellow, green and blue.
Colours vary according to the seasons, the weather conditions, and water conditions.
Colours vary between breeds.
Colours vary between companies.
Colours vary between styles but include beige, sky, salmon, claret, brown and grey.
Colours vary from almost black to a very light shade of blue with some being pink.
Colours vary from bluish-white through to red.
Colours vary from pinks, purples, whites and reds through to multicoloured mixtures.
Colours vary in meaning.
Colour always appeals children.
Colours often look different, and greys too light or too dark.
ALL colour colours all atoms 'colour'.
All colour is done using solar trim available from good model shops.
All colours are acceptable.
All colours are available in two sizes.
All colours are available.
All colours are bright and very instense.
All colours are extremely approximate.
All colours are glossy.
All colours are hard wearing and fade resistant.
All colours are highly opaque and dry quickly giving a strong even matt finish.
All colours are lightfast, permanent and non-toxic.
All colours are opaque and dry quickly giving an even matte finish.
All colours come with contrasting white gussets.
All colours come with matching chevron striping.
All colours come with matching chevrons.
All colours depend on light.
All colours go through the mill at least twice and some up to six times.
All colours have a spiritual meaning and have been selected with care.
All colours have a uniquely coloured aura of their own that are of a completely different colour.
All colours have mass, but black and white are the most important.
All colours have mnemonic associations that trigger memories or feelings.
All colours have orange eyes except blues and blacks which are dark.
All colours have orangey-red eyes, with red earlobes and white legs.
All colours send out a subconscious coded message to the viewer.
All colours shown are approximate.
All colours shown on the website are for guidance only.
Any colour is acceptable except red, which apparently is the colour of the devil's clothes.
Any colour is okay but muat be the long trays.
Any colours seen in films or in books are purely imaginary.
Every colour has it's own unique aura.
Every colour is played by a player.
More colour is wanted.
Most colours are available at all times.
Most colours seem to be derived from iron oxide or cobalt.
Some colours are available by irrevocable order only.
Some colours are composed of single pigments, others contain several pigments.
Some colours are warm.
Some colours come and go, but there is always a little bit of red about.
Some colours come in full or half zip.
Some colours containing zinc are to be used in a zincless glaze.
Some colours cover a wide range of tones while others only a few.
Some colours work best if the animal stays still and hides.
A colouration is color
Colouration depends on it s environment.
Colouration is dark on the back to silvery grey or bronze on the flanks with a lighter belly.
Colouration is generally a pattern of yellowish blotches on a brown ground colour.
Colouration is green on the back and silvery to silvery white on the flanks and belly.
Colouration is shiny or dull dark grey, brown, or black, sometimes with yellow.
Colouration is translucent brownish, and a noticeable ridge is present between the eyes.
Colouration is usually olive-green on the back of adult fish and yellowish on the belly area.
Colouration ranges from green to purple in older plants.
Colouration varies from even grey to blotchy brown.
Colouration varies from reds, whites, buffs, browns, light greys, and blacks.
Colouration varies from the bluish green of the back, to the silvery sides and belly.
Coloured backgrounds are very distinctive but the colour of text then needs to be carefully chosen.
Coloured beeswax is used to make models.
Coloured buoys mark various imaginary lines across the playing area.
Coloured contours are of temperature, streamlines are white, spectral element boundaries are black.
Coloured covers make it easy to locate the connectors for field use.
Coloured diamonds form a separate, rare and extremely valuable category of diamonds.
Coloured entries indicate material held in our library.
Coloured fibres reduce the value of a bale.
Coloured folks are well-behaved and know their place.
Coloured fuel is available for use in non-taxable applications.
Coloured icons can show different types of outlets, marketing areas or population density.
Coloured illustrations are welcome, but can be included only at the author's expense.
Coloured knots fray into meaning.
Coloured light has definite, and clearly observable effect on the mood and behaviour of individuals.
Coloured light is mixed additively, to use the modern term.
Coloured lights come up.
Coloured lights surround the balcony for that special occasion.
Coloured lines drawn above each contig refer to finishing-tags and strand information.
Coloured lines mark out the start of each bar, and delineate the various musical themes.
Coloured maps give a clear and instant overview of where and when each disease developed.
Coloured paper is great for use in art projects.
Coloured paper is much easier for teachers to obtain.
Coloured particles reveal the electric fields of flowers.
Coloured pencils are a type of pencil that instead of greyish silver, the tip is different colors.
Coloured photos go orange whilst black and white photos fade.
Coloured pictures are preferred.
Coloured pigments have an effect that is very different to coloured light.
Coloured plastics are harmful as their pigment contains heavy metals that are highly toxic.
Coloured preparations reflect different contaminants present.
Coloured regions indicate areas assigned to different tectonic entities.
Coloured regions represent the catchment upstream of each sampling point.
Coloured squares are links to self catering rental accommodation web pages.
Coloured stools occur in obstructive jaundice due to absence of bile pigments in the stool.
Coloured taps are available with regular or long reach spouts.
Coloured text abounds in ordinary size.
Any coloured text represents a link to more information based on that text.
Coloured vests signify flight-deck function.
Coloured water calls for a different approach.
Colourful abalone is used for the fingerboard dots and decorative shapes in the peghead.
Many colourful birds fly freely among the trees.
Colourful charts are nice to keep.
Colourful desserts served on fresh banana leaves complete the traditionally exotic experience.
Colourful feathers are often a sign of good health and robust genetic stock.
Colourful fittings are another possibility, but mostly it is an expensive version.
Colourful fruit attracts animals.
Most colourful fruit attracts animals.
Colourful graphics reinforce what students are learning and reading.
Colourful illustrations enhance the text.
Many colourful illustrations supplement the written text.
Colourful language seems to have been the order of the day.
Colourful maps display different temperature zones across the country both current and forecast.
Some colourful parades raise awareness.
Colourful parakeets play amongst the branches, whilst Banded Rail scurry through the undergrowth.
Colourful parasols dot the beach and add a beautiful contrast to the tropical blue-green water.
Colourful people give colourful pictures, even in black and white.
Colourful pictures accompany two page spreads on each.
Colourful processions take place with costumes from the period.
Colourful Quizzes Complete the clued expressions containing 'blue', 'red', 'green' and 'black'.
Colourful videos depict the habits of various species.
Colourful woodland walks.
Colourful writing is welcomed.
Colouring can by either by tinging the whole body or by producing a surface coating.
Colouring can vary within a species, making it difficult to distinguish.
Colouring comes last.
Colouring goes from very dark to very light.
Colouring is also an optional extra.
Colouring is an overall coffee colour.
Colouring is brown and yellow with orange-brown speckling on the lower back.
Colouring is extremely easy.
Colouring is generally light brown on the back becoming paler towards the rear and under the belly.
Colouring is neutral and easy on the eye.
Colouring is our speciality.
Colouring is red for negative and blue for positive.
Colouring pages Links to loads of colouring pages to print off.
Colouring varies with old maps.
Colourings vary but the golden-fawn finds much favour.
Some colourings cause allergies and hyperactivity, while the effects of many others are unknown.
Colovesical fistulas are difficult to visualize.
Colposcopy training is included.
A colt is a foal
A colt is a male
Colt does well with other dogs, and so far so good with cats.
Colt frequents the machine often, about twice a week.
Colt goes back to Hancock five times.
Colt is stocky, stallion quality.
Colt now has two stores, one filling station and one gin.
Colt picks the name.
Colts are an object of veneration and can be dramatically priced.
Colts are foals.
Colts are generaly easy to get along with.
Colts are gentle, trainable and show a lot of cow.
Colts are horses.
Colts are males.
Colts are nevermore.
Colts are over-represented due to their longer, narrower urethras.
Colts are part of horses.
Colts are too good and too hot right now.
Colts have an average defense.
Colts know how to run, as soon as they get strong enough for it.
Colts mature in four to seven years to become a young stud or bachelor.
Colts trained on the ranch go on to become successful rope, trail, and ranch horses.
Colts win .
All colts pictured above are available for sale.
A coltan is a mineral
Coltan contains tantalum - a metal vital to the production of mobiles.
Coltan is a mixture of columbite and tantalite, both in demand for various high-tech uses.
Coltan is also the fuel that keeps the Congo's endless civil war burning.
Coltan is made into a component for many digital products such as cell phones.
Coltan is used in high-tech products including cellphones, computer chips and nuclear reactors.
A colubrid is a snake
Colubrids are even engineers of sorts.
A colugo is a mammal
Colugo isa mammal.
Colugos are found in southeastern Asia, including the southern Philippines.
Colugos are herbivorous, feeding on fruit, young leaves, and flowers.
Colugos are neither.
Colugos are nocturnal, passing the day in dens in hollow trees or suspended from branches.
Colugos are nocturnal.
Colugos are placental mammals, but marsupial-like in their breeding habits.
Colugos are surprisingly clumsy climbers.
Colugos differ greatly in terms of their basic coloring.
Colugos get their water by licking it from leaves and tree hollows.
Colugos have (part) brains.
Colugos have (part) breasts.
Colugos have (part) cell membranes.
Colugos have (part) cells.
Colugos have (part) chest cavities.
Colugos have (part) chests.
Colugos have (part) corpi.
Colugos have (part) cytoplasm.
Colugos have (part) ears.
Colugos have (part) faces.
Colugos have (part) heads.
Colugos have (part) nuclei.
Colugos have (part) pedal extremities.
Colugos have (part) piluses.
Colugos have (part) plasma membranes.
Colugos have (part) rib cages.
Colugos have (part) sections.
Colugos have (part) skulls.
Colugos have (part) sterna.
Colugos have (part) vacuoles.
Colugos have (part) vertebrate feet.
Colugos have anatomies.
Colugos have eyes.
Colugos have habits.
Colugos have highly unusual teeth.
Colugos have teeth.
Colugos have wide heads with small ears and large eyes.
Many colugos utilize the same feeding area and even the same trees.
Most colugos have anatomies.
Most colugos have eyes.
Most colugos have habits.
Most colugos have teeth.
Some colugos have flight.
Some colugos have membranous structures.
Some colugos have structures.
A columbarium is a vault
Columbarium has large praying hands on top.
Columbia isa thing.
Columbian citizens enjoy eating a variety of insects such as termites, palm grubs and ants.
Columbian coffee is the best.
Columbian coffees have a full-bodied, mellow taste.
All columbine flowers have backward-projecting spurs that contain rich nectar.
Columbine seeds are ready to collect.
A columbine is a flower
Columbine Continues .
Columbine does best in moist, well drained soil.
Columbine dresses the rock, drawing hummingbirds to the hiker's feet.
Columbine grows well in shade but blooms best if it gets a little sun during the day.
Columbine is extremely susceptible to leaf miner, which is the insect that is causing the lines.
Columbine is on the Internet.
Columbine literally signifies the cutting of America.
Columbine offers sixteen lanes of pin smashing fun.
Columbine offers specialist referrals for complex situations.
Columbine prefers full sun to partial shade in moist soils that have excellent drainage.
Columbine promises to stick uneasily in our memory for a long time.
Columbine proposes to establish a new Idaho study area on a cost settlement basis.
Columbine stays open until the patrons head home.
Columbine teaches that anyone can be successful if they work hard.
Columbine turns out to be the most notorious example.
Columbines are a favorite among shade-loving flowers.
Columbines are easy to grow.
Columbines are flowers.
Columbines are great garden plants and are easy to grow from seed.
Columbines are lovely for borders and excellent for naturalizing woodlands.
Columbines are perennials.
Columbines are short lived plants with brightly colored, spurred flowers.
Columbines do best however, when they are grown in moist, rich, well drained soil in light shade.
Columbines grow along the trail in spots and wildflowers grow in profusion in season.
Columbines signal the start of the traditional perennial border garden by blooming in spring.
Columbite isa mineral.
A columella is a column
Columella concave, with one fold and without umbilicus.
Column capitals depict open books supported by acanthus leaves.
Column generation is used to enlarge the neighbourhoods.
A column inch is a square measure
Column inch is a newspaper term.
Column resistance limits performance.
Column selection allows all cursor keys.
Column width is set by the widest unbreakable content in the column cells.
Column widths are adjustable by dragging the edges to the desired size.
Column writers have a tough job.
A column is a file
Column appears on Thursdays.
Column based main view is customizable with sortable, sizeable and moveable columns.
Column Define the active column within the data grid.
Column describes the common properties of a database column.
Column features advice to reading groups.
Column filters the blood of patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Column has a top outer and lower inner standard taper-ground joint.
Column has neutral safety back-up switch when required.
Column indicating sex is blank.
Column is a mix of album review and artist interview.
Column is best for quick movement and line best for fighting.
Column is extended into long excavate and channel-like foot which is continuous with the lip.
Column is made of single tree.
Column is on the last or next to last page of magazine.
Column is only valid for a column formatted report.
Column is only valid for a column-formatted report.
Column is slightly past due.
Column isa formation.
Column now shows five school societies.
Column Read about our one-year anniversary and our plans for the next one.
Column Returns the current position of the file pointer within the current line.
Column Specifies the vertical coordinate to move the logical cursor to before performing the scan.
Column supports for trusses include side light positions.
Column Turning orange Raw carrot abuse is nothing to laugh at.
Columns afford maximum use of white space.
Columns also offer publication possibilities for freelance writers.
Columns arch like rib bones.
Columns are a good example.
Columns are a grouping of pixel defects along a single column.
Columns are a more creative and opinionated form of sportswriting.
Columns are about an individual's opinion.
Columns are actually tables without borders or a grid visible.
Columns are also opinion pieces.
Columns are also sometimes coupled, that is arranged in a row in linked pairs.
Columns are always available in a variety of colors.
Columns are another ancient building element used on modern buildings.
Columns are arrays.
Columns are articles.
Columns are attributes of an entity, that is, columns describe the properties of an entity.
Columns are available and ready to ship.
Columns are available in round, square, plain shaft or fluted.
Columns are available with a wide range of functionalities and in multiple configurations.
Columns are beams.
Columns are better than rows for comparisons.
Columns are design elements that give continuity to a publication.
Columns are everywhere.
Columns are files.
Columns are for raised roof over new rehearsal studio.
Columns are heavies.
Columns are in effect just stacks of individual cells.
Columns are individual pieces of information traditionally referred to as fields.
Columns are letters and rows are numbers.
Columns are located in armies.
Columns are located in houses.
Columns are located in magazines.
Columns are located in memorials.
Columns are located in old homes.
Columns are located in spreadsheets.
Columns are located in tables.
Columns are more timely, reach more people, and the pay, unlike books, is regular.
Columns are no replacement for a full natal chart or predictive analysis by a competent astrologer.
Columns are on the front and the case is supported by claw feet.
Columns are on the opposite page.
Columns are opinion pieces.
Columns are opinions of only the columnist.
Columns are out of line.
Columns are part of newspapers.
Columns are part of tables.
Columns are part of temples.
Columns are perfect tools to lend all of the right qualities to a good performance room.
Columns are quite short pieces of writing so columnists often write in other genres as well.
Columns are resizable.
Columns are separated by a single TAB character.
Columns are sets of estimates where the denominator is defined by the row specification.
Columns are shapes.
Columns are station code, station name, latitude, longitude, and altitude for each station.
Columns are straights.
Columns are stronger and larger than in other systems, beams are lighter and have a reduced depth.
Columns are structures.
Columns are text.
Columns are the opinion of the author.
Columns are the personal opinion of the writer whose byline appears.
Columns are the personal opinion of the writer.
Columns are the 'to' units.
Columns are tubes.
Columns are up and down.
Columns are uprights.
Columns are used for decoration.
Columns are used for organize information.
Columns are used for support.
Columns are used for vehicles.
Columns are variables.
Columns are vertical areas of a page that contain text or pictures.
Columns are vertical lines of data on a spreadsheet.
Columns are vertical, rows are horizonal.
Columns are verticals.
Columns are very old building elements.
Columns are visible and the format of the number display can be optionally adjusted.
Columns are where hard news, good reporting, near poetry and old jokes get to keep company.
Columns are wide for normally predominating species.
Columns automatically update with new data.
Columns become bands and the capitals resemble loose heads of lettuce.
Columns become rows and rows become columns.
Columns become variables.
Columns behave differently than rows.
Columns bring a similar sensibility to reviews of CDs, videos, movies and consumer electronics.
Columns can appear to lean in any direction.
Columns can be both positively or negatively charge.
Columns can be either a single piece or several pieces put together.
Columns can be glass or stainless steel of various dimensions.
Columns can contain cells or row heads.
Columns can contain data, when they are instantiated as a row.
Columns can either expand or shrink.
Columns can entertain, inform or provoke thought.
Columns can have a default value.
Columns can include text, numbers, or numeric codes.
Columns Change the number of columns in the table.
Columns come in all shapes, sizes, and colors.
Columns come with deadlines.
Columns consist of units having the same rate of movement.
Columns contain the column name, data type, and any other attributes for the column.
Columns containing various types of stationary phases are commercially available.
Columns containing very few entries are wasteful of space, and better replaced by footnotes.
Columns continue to be installed.
Columns correspond to different choices of design variables.
Columns correspond to sequence alphabet letters.
Columns count from zero.
Columns cover injury treatment and prevention, race walking, throws, training and other interests.
Columns cover legal trends, legislative developments, and new scholarly books.
Columns covers humor, letters from readers, opinions, news, products and psychology.
Columns designed for both polar and non-polar molecular species are available.
Columns discuss the latest in tools and resources.
Columns exist for keywords, creator, filename, title, descriptions, and thumbnail.
Columns explore highlights of county history, everyday events, holiday observances and other topics.
Columns flank the main section and there are elaborate embossed panels top and bottom.
Columns give physical state, enthalpy or formation, Gibbs free energy of formation, and entropy.
Columns go up and down.
Columns have a higher density than star crystals, and are typically smaller.
Columns help structure the flow.
Columns here give information about population, ethnic groups, education, income, and housing.
Columns indicate different stages of the calculation.
Columns line the first story of the four-story building.
Columns make general comment on all aspects of society.
Columns now line up perfectly.
Columns obstruct the view of the platform for several worshipers.
Columns offer monthy information briefs on topics important to many communications design engineers.
Columns placed in a semi circle formation behind the performers is a subtle and appealing scene.
Columns provide perspectives on key issues in educational technology.
Columns published include The Australian and various European publications.
Columns read vertically down the page.
Columns receives a name change and first screens.
Columns represent amount, item, from whom shipped, to whom consigned.
Columns represent name, age, country of birth, last legal residence, occupation, and baggage.
Columns represent name, age, sex, occupation.
Columns represent only that writer's views.
Columns represent passengers' names, age, sex, occupation.
Columns represent specific tasks as listed below.
Columns represent successive time points.
Columns represent variables, and rows represent observations.
Columns resizing are proportional.
Columns rest on rectangular bases and rise to plain rectangular capitals.
Columns run from the foundation to the top storey.
Columns run full height without joints.
Columns run smoother on small notions.
Columns run up and down the page.
Columns run vertically on the page and are labeled alphabetically.
Columns run vertically up the top part of the rock like giant scratches.
Columns See 'Fields'.
Columns show errors of commission.
Columns specifies the number of columns.
Columns starting with the first non-space after the spaces are the aligned sequences.
Columns stretch and break, and some of the smaller type is hard to read.
Columns support a roof that protects a porch.
Columns supporting the roof are round, made of cement, and are covers with stainless steel.
Columns taper toward base.
Columns then Rows.
Columns too fall with their long axis paralleling the ground.
Columns typically use letters.
Columns used in seraches are as follows.
Columns varies from the politics, sports, jokes, culture.
Columns vary in number, but each has vertical bounding lines in red, full length of page.
Columns usually are shorter than other articles in a publication.
All columns are pivot.
All columns are pre-packed, and include a complete application protocol.
All columns are the same width.
All columns are the sole property of the author.
All columns have default values.
All columns have the same width.
All columns look alike.
Any column can sort the list to aide in locating an individual.
Any column is self-promotional.
Every column has a domain, but it's usually implicit.
Every column has a type and a range for values.
Every column has the same subshell type.
Every column is required to have a datatype and optionality icon.
Every column represents a different digit .
Every column represents a different digit.
Many columns cover history of mathematics topics and have web links to other resources.
Many columns have useful sidebars or links that welcome quick and repeated reference by authors.
More columns appear.
More columns are in development.
More columns are on the way.
Most columns are self-explanatory.
Most columns contain a liquid stationary phase on a solid support.
Most columns have a long shelf life, so be sure to check out all releases listed.
Most columns have only one or two authors.
Some columns are available in English.
Some columns are better than others.
Some columns are ham, others a bit meatier, sometimes served with sauce.
Some columns are still under construction.
Some columns can be fifty feet tall and thirty feet wide.
Some columns cover Second Amendment history for beginners.
Some columns create more heat than others do.
Some columns have as much or greater weight than the editorial itself.
Some columns require few or no references because of the nature of the content.
Some columns write themselves, but some require hours of agonizing over details.
Columnal diameter varies with position as shown.
Columnar information can be very confusing when encountered unexpectedly.
Columnar plants are also a good focal point when surrounded by groups of smaller shrubs.
A columnea is a bush
Columnea crassifolia Columnea crassifolia Large flowers, spring blooming.
Columneas come in a variety of colors and a wide range of foliage-types to delight every grower.
A columnist is a journalist
Columnist disagrees with new drinking legislation.
Columnist explores the levels of computer addiction.
Columnist finds keys make bad fashion statement.
Columnist gives career counseling.
Columnist represent the elite of the installation industry .
Columnist represent the elite of the installation industry.
Columnist speaks from the other side of the table.
Columnist write every week and are subject to editing.
Columnists analyze news and write commentaries, based on personal knowledge and experience.
Columnists analyze news and write commentaries.
Columnists analyze their latest performance and agonize about their potential.
Columnists are in the business to toss out opinions, create discussion, and sell publications.
Columnists are journalists.
Columnists are on a fixed weekly schedule, so every day there is new food for thought.
Columnists are pretty much given free rein on topic selection.
Columnists are real people, too.
Columnists articulate spasm of national self-pity.
Columnists call for creative thinking, greater faculty involvement, and an openness to innovation.
Columnists can be a wonderful asset to a newspaper.
Columnists can play that game, too.
Columnists can publish their addresses and encourage letters.
Columnists Check out what our columnists have to say about what's going on in the world of golf.
Columnists come in too many colors, shapes and sizes to say precisely what it is they all do.
Columnists cover everything from local politics to racing and boxing.
Columnists emit boilerplate indignation.
Columnists evaluate student elections.
Columnists exist to complain.
Columnists Expect something brilliant every day.
Columnists give their point of view on different issues and new decisions and speeches of the day.
Columnists have a point of view, which they are obligated to pass on to the reader.
Columnists have direct links to their online columns.
Columnists have to be careful about stepping on civic pride.
Columnists Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Columnists occupy both sides of the page most days.
Columnists offer how-to articles and expert commentary on the latest developments.
Columnists prompt more letters to the editors than any other editorial employee.
Columnists provide tutorials and expert commentary on the latest developments.
Columnists raise questions about parking-ticket fines.
Columnists react and respond to the news, to their surroundings, to what catches their eye.
Columnists receive one copy each.
Columnists share their hard work for free.
Columnists spend hours on new twists for their columns.
Columnists welcome comments from readers.
Columnists write about it.
Columnists write about people, places, and things.
All columnists are parodies of themselves in the end, especially the serious ones.
Many columnists are university academics who rely on government funding for their departments.
Many columnists merely try to be informative, newsworthy and insightful.
Most columnists have characters.
Most columnists have favorite subjects or themes.
Most columnists love writing annual predictions because, usually, no one goes back to keep score.
Some columnists are also along for the ride.
Some columnists change pace by periodically writing about themselves.
Some columnists do encourage e-mail, and their addresses are listed below their columns.
Some columnists write on a weekly basis, others twice-monthly or monthly.
Coly soils are fine-silty, lack a mollic epipedon, and are in side slopes to drainageways.
A coma is unconsciousness
Coma isa condition.
Comas can eventually occur, with slow, weak breathing and decreased heart rate.
Comas does things that lead to goals.
Comas lead to death.
Most comas lead to death.
Some comas precede death.
Comatose patients are prone to bed sores.
A comatulid is a crinoid
Comatulids are relatively fragile organisms.
All comatulids apparently develop five initial, radially-oriented cirri.
Comb honey is honey that comes as it was produced in the honey bees wax comb.
Comb honey is honey which is still in the original wax combs made by the bees.
Comb honey is honey.
Comb honey is sections of the waxen comb filled with honey just as the bees stored it.
Comb honey is sold just as it is stored by the bees.
Comb jellies are a source of beauty, bioluminescent, and an improtant food source.
Comb jellies are able to regenerate any lost part, even an entire half of the body.
Comb jellies are all free swimming and never go through alternation of generations as jellyfish do.
Comb jellies are another excellent food.
Comb jellies are another member of the jellies group and are very similar to jellyfish.
Comb jellies are common in both warm and cold waters.
Comb jellies are common residents of both nearshore and open sea habitats.
Comb jellies are quite beautiful organisms, existing in an array of ethereal shapes.
Comb jellies are the largest of all animals that utilize the beating of cilia for locomotion.
Comb jellies come in many shapes and sizes , and so within the group there are many ways to feed.
Comb jellies have a much simpler reproductive process.
Comb jellies have no stinging cells but instead use sticky mucous to catch their prey.
Comb jellies have no stinging cells, but instead use sticky mucous to catch their prey.
Comb jellies live throughout the world's ocean, although most species prefer warmer water.
Comb jellies proliferate best when brackish water is diluted just what s been happening in the Bay.
Comb jellies use sticky adhesive to capture their food.
Comb jelly is an invertebrate
Some comb jelly has tentacles.
COMB research focuses on the molecular and genetic control of marine biological systems.
A comb is a device
Comb binding machines are pretty inexpensive and the spines can be removed and reattached as needed.
Comb binding products are the most inexpensive, and easiest to use.
Comb isa device.
Comb pets regularly with good metal flea comb, comb daily if they have fleas.
Comb rows short.
Comb write Ghost beyond little suit into few one.
Combs also owns two restaurants and is considering branching out into movies.
Combs are available in many configurations, with or without markers.
Combs are crests.
Combs are devices.
Combs are excellent.
Combs are good for combing long hair or for creating parts for braiding or twisting.
Combs are hair care.
Combs are located in pockets.
Combs are located in purses.
Combs are located in suitcases.
Combs are made of plastic.
Combs are part of ctenophores.
Combs are plates.
Combs are prepared by parboiling and skinning, then cooking in court-bouillon .
Combs are small.
Combs are tools.
Combs are used by people.
Combs are used for combing.
Combs are used for grooming.
Combs are used for hair.
Combs are used in cookery , often in combination with wattles or chicken kidneys .
Combs are used in the making of thread from fibers like wool or cotton .
Combs are used in the making of thread from fibers like wool or cotton.
Combs are usually best on shorter, more open coats.
Combs attract bits of paper.
Combs burn more quickly if thrown on individually.
Combs can have the same effect.
Combs can vary in shape according to function.
Combs come in a variety of colors and sizes.
Combs come in a wide variety of sizes and styles, with different tooth lengths and spacing.
Combs consist of a shaft and teeth that are placed at a perpendicular angle to the shaft.
Combs cost two cents.
Combs have (part) bases.
Combs have (part) sections.
Combs have some tooth replacements and lid has been reveneered.
Combs have teeth.
Combs hit by pitch.
Combs knows a thing or two about fashion.
Combs lay a good while.
Combs plans further validations and feeding trials to compare the old and new systems.
Combs plays the leader of a New York-based syndicate who is awaiting the money.
Combs produce effects.
Combs produce rainbow effects.
Combs save on scissoring time, but never eliminate it.
Combs work great for longhairs and a chamois for shorthairs.
Every comb is used only one time for breeding so the hive grows by adding new combs.
Most combs are used by people.
Most combs have teeth.
Most combs produce effects.
Most combs produce rainbow effects.
Some comb jelly has poison.
Some combs are made of wax.
Some combs consist of plates.
Some combs create electricity.
Some combs create static electricity.
Some combs have gaps.
Some combs provide equivalents.
Combat actions take places.
A combat boot is a boot
Combat boots are great shoes.
All combat boots have virtually no arch support.
Combat conditioning exercises to improve strength and flexibility.
Combat hospitals are already large, bulky, and difficult to move.
Combat medics train in inner city emergency rooms.
A combat mission is a mission
Combat missions are probably the easiest to make.
Combat multipliers can reduce the amount of risk taken.
Combat skills are fairly easy to raise to that level.
Combat skills are special skills that a character can use in combat or in field.
Combat trauma brings about long-lasting changes in brain chemistry.
Combat troops comprise infantry and mechanized units.
Most combat troops are untrained young conscripts under marginal leadership.
Combat units are the only physical playing piece that can be moved on the playing map.
Combat units get out more.
All combat veterans are war historians.
A combat zone is a zone
Every combat zone looks essentially identical.
Combat fear with faith.
Combat is a battle
Combat is battles.
Combat is part of war.
Combat isa battle.
Combat occurs by attempting to move units into enemy-occupied terrain.
Combat takes place after the supply movement.
Combat takes place around a large lake with a dead volcano in the middle.
Combat takes place at the end of each segment.
Combat takes place both in space and on planets.
Combat takes place chiefly in outdoor settings on islands as large as eight kilometers across.
Combat takes place in a rectangular arena.
Combat takes place in designated locations and situations.
Combat takes place in either turn based or real time modes.
Combat takes place in real time and is pretty much point and click.
Combat takes place in real time.
Combat takes place in suspended arenas where fighting is restricted to a limited area.
Combat takes place in turn based fashion and is entirely in the first person viewpoint.
Combat takes place in two theaters of war, Europe and the Persian Gulf.
Combat takes place inside a series of asteroid belts strewn across a glossy universe.
Combat takes place on huge battlefields, infested with the living, and the undead.
Combat wear with thermal spray coatings.
Combats dryness and brittleness of hair while preventing scalp drying and flaking.
Combats dryness from heat and chemical services, too.
Combats fungicidal and bacterial infections while helping to speed normal hoof development.
Combats hate, intolerance and discrimination through education and litigation.
Combats hate, intolerance, and discrimination through education and litigation.
All combat follows the next five steps.
All combat is done in real-time, obviously.
Most combats require our heroes to outsmart the other in some way.
Combatant commanders conduct unified operations.
Combatant commanders have strategic intents, concepts, and objectives.
A combatant is a person
Combatants act in initiative order.
Combatants are as likely to know as much about the laws of war as they do about quantum mechanics.
Combatants are easily able to shed their weapons and uniforms in order to enter the camps.
Combatants are people.
Combatants are proper targets.
Combatants are welcome to join.
Combatants can pick up and throw objects lying around in the area.
Combatants come and go again and again on Japanese motorcycles, two by two.
Combatants face mortal dangers but at least get daily meals.
Combatants fly through the air holding two guns while the wind whips through their hair.
Combatants have complex side issues that complicate the plot and give book great appeal.
Combatants inevitably try to move public opinion in their direction.
Combatants leap tall buildings in single bounds, run up walls, and hop through tree branches.
Combatants sign the Bosnia peace treaty.
Combatants tend to kill people and break things.
All combatants are in full plate and most with open helms.
All combatants are responsible for their opponent's safety as well as their own.
All combatants commit serious abuses of human rights and international humanitarian law.
All combatants make Fast Draw rolls.
Some combatants are more interested in the court of public opinion.
Combative behavior can seriously injure animals.
Combative companies conceive business in less civilized terms.
Combative companies conceive business in much more primitive terms.
Combative fighting is a Class D felony.
Combative sports involve great risk of eye injury.
Combed wool comes in natural or dyed ropes with all fibers lying in the same direction.
Combed yarns are finer, cleaner, more lustrous and stronger than carded yarns.
Combi boots have a cuff that is removable for classical skiing.
Combination chemotherapy is the use of more than one drug to combat cancer cell growth and division.
Combination chemotherapy is then the treatment of choice.
Combination chemotherapy works better than any single agent.
Combination classes are also common.
Combination classes combine two or more types of exercise.
Combination drugs are medications that contains two of more separate drugs.
Many combination drugs contain unnecessary ingredients such as caffeine.
A combination lock is a lock
Combination locks are best.
Combination locks are extremely useful because they have no key.
Combination locks are locks.
Combination locks provide added security during shipping and at the show.
All combination locks are to have key access.
Most combination locks are vulnerable to manipulation.
Combination machines are usually longer and larger than individual superbedders and mulch layers.
Combination meals are a few dollars more, and are quite filling.
Combination plates are also available.
Combination plates are an excellent value for the monstrously hungry.
Combination plates are frequent orders, along with burritos, fajitas, chili rellenos and tamales.
Combination plates consist of bulgogi with various fermented side dishes.
Combination plates make it easy to sample the varied menu with friends.
Combination products are among the latest allergy treatments on pharmacy shelves.
Combination products are available.
Combination products are equally safe and effective as separate vaccines.
Combination products are for fighting multiple allergy symptoms simultaneously.
Combination products control a larger number of broadleaf weed species than a single compound.
Combination products control a wider range of broadleaf weeds than a single compound.
Combination products expose patients to less preservative.
Combination products have both drug and device components.
Combination products have some disadvantages.
Combination products provide wide spectrum weed control with lower atrazine rates.
Combination reactions are always exothermic.
Combination reactions occur when two separate reactants are bonded together, e.g.
Combination therapies using at least three drugs are the standard treatment.
Combination therapy advances.
Combination therapy can enhance the efficacy of the individual drugs.
Combination therapy has an acceptable safety profile.
Combination therapy has limitations, however.
Combination therapy improves outcomes relative to monotherapy.
Combination therapy increases the cost of therapy as well as potential for antibiotic residues.
Combination therapy is associated with an increased risk of minor and major bleeding.
Combination therapy is considered to be the optimal approach for most patients with heart failure.
Combination therapy is currently the treatment of choice.
Combination therapy is definitely better.
Combination therapy is essential to prevent emergence of resistance.
Combination therapy is more effective than use of a single drug.
Combination therapy is more effective, expensive and has more side effects than single therapy.
Combination therapy is most effective on large, soft areas of the face with rolling scar tissue.
Combination therapy is often necessary to lower blood pressure to meet the goal.
Combination therapy is often preferred so that the patient can be given a lower dose of each drug.
Combination therapy is the most effective for treatment.
Combination therapy is very expensive.
Combination therapy provides benefits.
Combination therapy provides term survival benefits.
Most combination therapy provides benefits.
Most combination therapy provides term survival benefits.
Combination tones are due to the nonlinearities in the hearing mechanism.
Combination vaccines are also available.
Combination vaccines are one theory.
Combination vaccines bring the added benefit of better compliance, coverage, and injection safety.
Combination vaccines can protect children against multiple diseases with only one injection.
Many combination vaccines are available.
A combination is a collection
Combination also requires a full time employee to manage.
Combination Bill- fold.
Combination can conceivably worsen things.
Combination greatly enhances durability and provides excellenttraction and superior flexibility.
Combination hanging rack and roll up carry bag.
Combination indicates the matched gene containing more than one type of zinc fingers.
Combination involves the synthesis of different bodies of explicit knowledge.
Combination is set by user.
Combination is the key word.
Combination is usually with a drug in a different class.
Combination isa aggregation.
Combination isa collection.
Combination lock on flap for added security.
Combination locks only.
Combination packages Our package includes six days stay with five full days of hunting and fishing.
Combination passes for the national museums and monuments are available too.
Combination play in order to get behind the defense.
Combination provides evidence of responsibility, potential, and transferable skills.
Combination pump truck and tractor transport.
Combination searches on language and game types are possible, and virtually all others too.
Combination starts on the right and is self-reversing.
Combination Thinning Combination thinning combines the row and selection thinning methods.
Combination tows for tractors and trailers have higher rates.
Combinations abound where a candidate can win the electoral race without winning the popular race.
Combinations allow the choice of several different generators.
Combinations appear also to be forming in other quarters.
Combinations appear, and a story line develops with characters, plots and themes.
Combinations are a safecracker's dream.
Combinations are a way to meet stringent regulatory capital requirements.
Combinations are alliances.
Combinations are almost endless.
Combinations are also available with Uzbekistan , Pakistan , Syria and Turkey .
Combinations are also possible.
Combinations are also suitable.
Combinations are available in capsule form.
Combinations are available in unrelated as well as related majors.
Combinations are available.
Combinations are best, alternating which is fed when each day.
Combinations are clocks.
Combinations are collections.
Combinations are common.
Combinations are due to coalescence of the particles or atoms as they collide.
Combinations are endless with superb taste.
Combinations are endless.
Combinations are four digit numbers.
Combinations are good.
Combinations are innovative and seasonal, influenced by the Pacific rim.
Combinations are Latin, African, Brazilian and furthermore, funky.
Combinations are legal as long as only the shooter's held balls are made.
Combinations are legion.
Combinations are locks.
Combinations are often more effective than any single method of operation.
Combinations are sequences.
Combinations are the building blocks of successful gardens.
Combinations are the building blocks of the garden, and they are arranged around garden spaces.
Combinations are the scientific focus of ecologists.
Combinations are the way to count the number of ways that x things can be chosen from n.
Combinations are units.
Combinations are usually more effective than monotherapy.
Combinations are welcome in the lame petticoat order.
Combinations based on a conserved name are therefore, in effect, similarly conserved.
Combinations can be more effective than using herbs individually.
Combinations can be toxic.
Combinations change quarterly.
Combinations cover from two to four greyhounds to win in chosen order.
Combinations cover from two to four horses to win in chosen order.
Combinations destructively interfere to produce energy.
Combinations Enjoy the best of both worlds.
Combinations exist where two different types meet.
Combinations have different kinds of side effects.
Combinations increase in intricacy and a larger dance movement vocabulary is introduced.
Combinations involve two or three jumps each a stride or two apart.
Combinations involving companies in financial and telecommunications services are most logical.
Combinations produce almost endless variety.
Combinations Take a set A of n different elements.
Combinations use a variety.
Combinations Use shovel, then rototiller.
Combinations using only flower bulbs are very effective.
Combinations work best on the larger button.
Combinations work well if they are chosen supporting each other.
Combinations often yield new ideas superior to the originals.
All combinations usually require summer study in order to complete the program in four years.
All combinations are available for both annual and biennial cases.
All combinations are available instrumental or with vocals.
All combinations are equally likely to win.
All combinations are possible.
All combinations are sure to please.
All combinations come with a flavor-filled, steaming bowl of miso soup.
All combinations currently are available except for real data with X decomposition.
All combinations pay left to right and right to left.
All combinations require that.
Any combination can be mixed and matched to customize an ad campaign.
Any combination is a bargain.
Any combination is acceptable as long as the first character is a letter of the English alphabet.
Any combination is acceptable except a four-way even split.
Any combination is acceptable here.
Any combination is acceptable.
Any combination is capable of deactivating any and all microbes in the blood.
Any combination is fine, but the longer and chaotic the better.
Any combination is fine.
Any combination is possible to best accommodate each student's schedule and lifestyle.
Any combination is possible.
Any combination is tasty.
Any combination totaling three hours is acceptable.
Every combination is represented.
Every combination offers up a different type of results.
Many combinations are available, Call for more information.
Many combinations are available.
Many combinations are possible.
Many combinations exist.
More combinations are available.
Most combinations usually look good only for large font sizes.
Most combination approaches combine decisions of a single type.
Most combinations work.
Some combinations are dangerously powerful.
Some combinations are easier to live with than others.
Some combinations are just unreadable for most.
Some combinations are lethal.
Some combinations are more likely to succeed than others.
Some combinations are much less pleasant to handle than others.
Some combinations are potentially poisonous, especially when aluminum cookware is used.
Some combinations are prone to wrinkle.
Some combinations are very hard on the eyes.
Some combinations can be deadly.
Some combinations can have even more dangerous consequences.
Some combinations elicit sensual arousals within certain people.
Some combinations have a better track record than others.
Some combinations make no sense.
Some combinations really work and some are an absolute disaster.
Some combinations seem also to cause problems.
Some combinations work better than others for creating combos or launching simultaneous attacks.
Some combinations work better than others.
Some combinations work well while another just looks dumb.
Combinational logic uses only the present values of the inputs.
Combinational outputs can glitch between states.
Combinatorial analysis is introduced with particular focus on solving integer programming problems.
Combinatorial chemistry employs two alternative strategies.
Combinatorial chemistry has many parallels in nature.
Combinatorial chemistry has strong appeal for the pharmaceuticals business.
Combinatorial chemistry hits the drug market.
Combinatorial chemistry is a cutting-edge technology used in drug research and discovery.
Combinatorial chemistry is a scientific process by which new chemical compounds are created.
Combinatorial chemistry is essentially jazzed-up synthetic chemistry.
Combinatorial chemistry is obviously an area of significant current interest.
Combinatorial chemistry is one area in which tremendous advances are taking place.
Combinatorial chemistry provides thousands of bullets to shoot at the target all at once.
Combinatorial control allows for the integration of many signals.
More combinatorial information is encoded in the flag vector, a useful extension of the f-vector.
Combinatorial mathematics has a variety of applications.
Combinatorial mathematics is the study of complex systems in terms of their elementary parts.
Combinatorial methods can be applicable for optimizing the structure.
Combinatorial optimization is another area where parallel computing is effective.
Combinatorial synthesis is one such way.
Combine addition skills into basketball skill development.
Combine adjustment are equally important.
Combine fires are costly.
Combine ingredients form crust and press mixture in botton of pan.
Combine lamb cutlets with mixture in a large bowl.
Combine loss can occur at the pickup or in threshing.
Combine multiple methods produce best results.
Combine multiple methods produce results.
Combine operators are often employees of the custom harvesting business.
Combine rates shown above All prices include service charge and tax.
Combine units are available in up to six input configurations as standard products.
Combine vanilla wafer crumbs, chopped pecans, and confectioners' sugar.
A combine is a reaper
Combines accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable turnover.
Combines aliens with the human desire for eternal youth.
Combines also are very powerful to effectively handle large amounts of agricultural commodities.
Combines also play an important role in spreading weed seed.
Combines archival footage with contemporary interviews.
Combines are agricultural vehicles.
Combines are equipped with removable heads that are designed for particular crops.
Combines are harvesters.
Combines are large machines for harvesting soybeans and other grains including corn and wheat.
Combines are pieces of sculpture created from pieces of junk and, later, silk over lays.
Combines contrast and glare reduction with good visual acuity.
Combines coursework with internship.
Combines diffuse emission with embedded point sources.
Combines duplicate results from different search engines well.
Combines elusiveness with drive.
Combines exercise and weekly group meetings to discuss various health and fitness topics.
Combines feature stories with maps, travel directory, and marketplace of products.
Combines lecture sessions with field trips to expose students to many facets of fly-fishing.
Combines lectures on acting theory with applied studio work.
Combines live video of actual hicks and animated sequences for ultra-silly gameplay.
Combines lock and key security AND protection against moving or shaking.
Combines moves from all aerobic classes.
Combines mow the safflower fields at harvest time and separate the seeds from the plant.
Combines now work our fields.
Combines practice in combining classical prayer forms with action on the Episcopal baptismal vows.
Combines prose and poetry.
Combines psychotherapy with health care in one environment.
Combines records from a number of bibliographic databases.
Combines require settings unique to the crop, variety and maturity.
Combines ripe grapefruit with a golden herbaceousness like straw or hay.
Combines scan, copy, fax and other functions.
Combines searches with topical indexes.
Combines superb defensive skills with solid instincts at the plate and a quick bat.
Combines use air blast to separate grain from the chaff in a normal harvest operation.
Combines work on technical aspects of all the strokes with doubles and singles play.
Some combines have special rolls ahead of the cylinder to fracture the flax boll.
Combined calendars show availability of all units combined.
Combined degrees are available in a variety of programs in other schools.
Combined demand attracts competitors and promotes lower negotiating prices.
Combined dysfunction exhibits features of both storage and emptying disorders.
Combined expertise is, of course, diversity working together.
Combined forms are common in Tibetan buddhism as transitions from one practice to another.
Combined knowledge is more powerful.
Combined light acts like electrocautery and destroys lesions that can be scraped off easily.
Combined loads are acceptable.
Combined magnets create a stronger magnetic field.
Combined memberships are available.
Combined methods are now more or less the norm.
Combined modality is used for treatment of late stage disease with good results.
Combined objects take less space when saved.
A combined operation is an operation
Combined operations result in efficient, cost-effective support to material testing needs.
Combined oppression is another factor that adds to the complexity of disordered eating behaviors.
Combined organization serves five northeast Ohio counties.
Combined output is produced first, then mixed output.
Combined parts provide a medium lacquer-like viscosity.
Combined policies pay for services provided in a nursing facility, in the community, or at home.
Combined populations are about two million.
Combined programs are often available between or within departments.
Combined sewers are old sewer systems that receive both sewage and stormwater runoff.
Combined shipping is an available feature that the seller can offer their buyers.
Combined subscriptions are only available when ordered and paid for with a single transaction.
Combined systems are cheaper, but the potential to harm health is higher.
Combined therapies are attempts to improve the results of the various forms of radiation therapy.
Combined therapy is part of an approach which integrates psychiatric treatments in general.
Combined treatment using both appears to be the optimal clinical strategy in preserving recovery.
Combined vaccines are preferable.
Combined waves are either nondispersive or dispersive.
Combining are unions.
Combo amps are probably our best selling style of amps.
Combo amps are versatile and useful for recording or gigging.
Combo amplifiers combine the amplifier and loudspeaker in one enclosure.
Combo attacks are also possible.
Combo cards are acceptable.
Combo cards can get kinda pricey.
Combo cards contain one primary function which knows about the other.
Combo cards have a single ship with both contact and connectionless interfaces.
Combo courts are the hot trend.
Combo guard is very strong.
Combo hunts add additional excitement.
Most combo literature is written for piano, guitar, bass, drums, trumpet, trombone, and saxophone.
Combo meals are available.
Combo pads are individually packaged.
Combo plates require a minimum of two selections.
Combo plates rule.
Combo rates are available.
Combo screws are a smart compromise.
Combo shots are legal as long as they are in order.
Most combo skis come with one ski that already has a rear toe plate for slalom skiing.
Combo systems are a natural for multifamily projects.
Combo Tickets Visit our website for more information.
Combo trips are available both guided and self guided.
Combo allows two or three characters to combine their attacks to do a lot more damage.
Combo binding allows the pages to lie flat.
Combo includes park admission.
Combos are attacks made up and fast finger moving.
Every combo has a counter combo.
More combos are on the way .
Combos rehearse daily, with improvisation the top priority.
Combos tie into the forced-air system of the home's central heat and air system.
Combos often play on campus, and occasionally perform off campus.
All combos start with right lead.
Many combos actually feature corn.
Some combos even have elderberry mixed with goldenseal and echinacea.
Some combos star as many as five different meats alongside the linguine-like rice noodles.
Combs promotion begins immediately.
Combustibility is a characteristic property.
Combustibility is a major factor in the design of exterior trim for our product.
Combustibility is quality
Combustibility is the ability to burn.
Combustible Celluloid crackles with the insight of someone passionate about movies.
Combustible extinguishers can make chemical fires worse.
Combustible floors wet down, covered with damp sand or fire-resistive sheets.
Combustible fuels can include gas, oil, kerosene, charcoal and wood.
Combustible gases pose a risk to personnel and facilities through fire or explosion.
Combustible liquid is released if containers rupture or explode under fire conditions.
Combustible liquids are more hazardous than flammable liquids.
A combustible material is fuel
Combustible materials burn with complicated phenomena depending on various conditions of combustion.
Combustible metals require Class D fire extinguishers.
Combustible rubbish is removed from the occupancy at least once each business day.
All combustible substances require a definite proportion of oxygen for complete burning.
Combustion air enters the firebox through a sliding damper on the side door.
Combustion air flows into the chamber through holes, and the oil vapour burns continuously.
Combustion air is a major consideration.
Combustion air is brought in through the outer wall of the double-wall flue pipe.
Combustion air is drawn into the stove from inside the house.
Combustion air is preheated by an electric air heater.
Combustion air is required for fire.
Combustion air reaches the fuel through the grates for thorough burning.
Combustion chambers are unshrouded for further airflow improvement and good combustion efficiency.
Combustion chambers surround the planar turbine, which rests on air bearings.
Some combustion chambers fill with gases.
Combustion engines are one of the leading causes of smog in the Rogue Valley and the world.
Combustion engines burn fossil fuel.
Combustion engines burn fuel.
Combustion engines convert chemical energy.
Combustion engines convert energy.
Combustion engines convert liquid fuel energy.
Combustion engines convert potential chemical energy.
Combustion engines convert potential energy.
Combustion engines have cylinders.
Combustion engines use petroleum products.
Combustion engines use products.
Most combustion engines burn fossil fuel.
Most combustion engines burn fuel.
Most combustion engines convert chemical energy.
Most combustion engines convert energy.
Most combustion engines convert liquid fuel energy.
Most combustion engines convert potential chemical energy.
Most combustion engines convert potential energy.
Most combustion engines have cylinders.
Most combustion engines use petroleum products.
Most combustion engines use products.
Some combustion engines produce results.
Combustion gases produced are carbon monoxide and dioxide.
Combustion instabilities are typically violent pressure oscillations in a combustion chamber.
Combustion instability arises due to an interaction between combustion and acoustic waves.
Combustion products are gases and fine particles produced when any fuel is burned.
Combustion products are transported in the air and deposited through precipitation.
Combustion products can include oxides of nitrogen, carbon, and possibly sulfur.
Combustion products contain nitrogen oxides.
Most combustion products are irritants to the eyes, nose, throat and lungs.
Some combustion products contain acid.
Combustion reaction gives off energy.
Combustion reaction gives off heat.
Combustion reactions are exothermic.
Combustion reactions give off heat and light.
Most combustion reaction gives off energy.
Most combustion reaction gives off heat.
Combustion turbines are mass-flow engines.
Combustion turbines have a compressor, combustor, and hot air turbine in a single unit.
Combustion turbines operate differently from coal-fired or nuclear plants.
Combustion also happens in forest fires.
Combustion appears to be the only other low cost solution.
Combustion can produce noxious gases.
Combustion can produce toxic oxides of carbon.
Combustion can yield toxic oxides of carbon.
Combustion Catalysts Several metals catalyze combustion of petroleum fuels.
Combustion consumes valuable oxygen.
Combustion creates pressure.
Combustion drives most fires, and flames move at a speed related to how fast they consume material.
Combustion generates air pollution.
Combustion generates carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide.
Combustion generates toxic fumes.
Combustion generates toxic oxides of carbon and irritating aldehydes and ketones.
Combustion induced by compression ignition, theoretically occurs at a constant pressure.
Combustion involves oxygen.
Combustion is a chemical process in which a substance reacts rapidly with oxygen and gives off heat.
Combustion is a chemical process which releases energy.
Combustion is a chemical reaction between a carbon-containing fuel and oxygen in the atmosphere.
Combustion is a chemical reaction between atoms.
Combustion is a key element in many of modern society's critical technologies.
Combustion is a process that is central to the human civilisation.
Combustion is a rapid chemical reaction, naturally occurring in nature and created by man.
Combustion is a type of oxidation reaction.
Combustion is achieved by spraying in a type of propellant, usually hairspray.
Combustion is also a major source of organochlorines.
Combustion is also currently the only reaction used to power rockets .
Combustion is always and only to do with oxygen.
Combustion is an exothermic violent reaction between fuels and oxidizers.
Combustion is an important energy-producing process.
Combustion is another practice that has helped reduce the amount of landfill space needed.
Combustion is chemical processes.
Combustion is complete and clean.
Combustion is completed in a final stage at lean conditions.
Combustion is fearfully fast.
Combustion is immediate.
Combustion is located in the enviroment window, go to the render menu and go down to enviroment.
Combustion is more complete and achieved with less fuel.
Combustion is more complete, improving fuel efficiency and reducing harmful emissions.
Combustion is never complete in gasoline and diesel engines.
Combustion is often a complicated sequence of elementary radical reactions .
Combustion is often hot enough that light in the form of either glowing or a flame is produced.
Combustion is oxidation
Combustion is oxidation.
Combustion is reaction of a substance with oxygen in the air to produce heat and light.
Combustion is the act of burning.
Combustion is the chemical combination of a substance with oxygen.
Combustion is the exothermic process whereby the hydrocarbon is oxidised.
Combustion is the main oxidation technique for industrial waste gas.
Combustion is the oxidation of fuel.
Combustion is the process by which chemicals combine to form new chemicals.
Combustion is the rapid combination of oxygen with another material.
Combustion is used in many ways.
Combustion isa oxidation.
Combustion Let's blow it up.
Combustion occurs after some activation time, when the powder reaches a well defined critical state.
Combustion occurs at a strong shock generated at approx.
Combustion occurs betweeb the top of the piston and the cylinder head.
Combustion occurs in a smaller, well insulated combustion chamber.
Combustion occurs predominantly in automobiles, homes, and in factories.
Combustion occurs when the elements in a fuel combine with oxygen to produce heat.
Combustion processes almost never completely exhaust all of the available fuel.
Combustion processes such as cable smoldering and 'traditional' hospital waste incineration.
Combustion produces carbon dioxide and other pollutants.
Combustion produces carbon dioxide.
Combustion produces carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and thick smoke.
Combustion produces carbon monoxide, nitric oxide, vapours of isocyanate and hydrocyanic acid.
Combustion produces dioxide.
Combustion produces gases.
Combustion produces greenhouse gases.
Combustion produces irritating sulfur oxides.
Combustion produces nitrogen and water vapor.
Combustion provides energy.
Combustion releases carbon dioxide, trace amounts of sulf ur oxides, and nitrogen oxides.
Combustion releases carbon dioxide.
Combustion releases dioxide.
Combustion requires fuel and oxygen.
Combustion requires fuel, oxygen and heat.
Combustion requires oxygen to burn.
Combustion researches in engines.
Combustion results in fire.
Combustion roils from the hole in the windshield.
Combustion starts in the prechamber and propagates to the cylinder.
Combustion still occurs in the room and uses up oxygen.
Combustion takes place between the compressor and the first stage turbine.
Combustion takes place both in suspension and on the grate.
Combustion takes place in the presence of air.
Combustions are very similar to real guns.
Combustion always produces water vapor.
All combustion produces NOx, because air is basically nothing but nitrogen and oxygen.
All combustion requires an oxidizer, which is the air flowing through the engine.
Most combustion creates pressure.
Most combustion involves oxygen.
Most combustion produces carbon dioxide.
Most combustion produces dioxide.
Most combustion produces gases.
Most combustion produces greenhouse gases.
Most combustion provides energy.
Some combustion causes damage.
Some combustion causes respiration.
Some combustion consists of bonds.
Some combustion consists of weak bonds.
Some combustion delivers gases.
Some combustion delivers greenhouse gases.
Some combustion explores chemistry.
Some combustion produces emissions.
Some combustion produces poison.
Some combustion produces products.
Some combustion produces vapor.
Some combustion produces water vapor.
Comdial phone has volume adjustment, push lever to the right.
A come is humour
COme search our database for anyting horse.
COme visit it and check out the cool links.
Comes bundled with bitware faxing software, whihc is also very easy to use.
All comes are welcome.
A comeback is a reply
Comebacks are never out of the question.
Comebacks are no fun.
Comebacks are nothing new.
A comedian is a performer
Comedians are a fickle lot and the better they are the harder they are to book.
Comedians are actors.
Comedians are always welcome here.
Comedians are artists.
Comedians are depressed, nasty, sullen, backbiting and jealous.
Comedians are entertainers.
Comedians are often the only voice for the silenced and oppressed.
Comedians are performers.
Comedians are, by and large, a very supportive group.
Comedians come in all shapes and sizes.
Comedians copy from other comedians.
Comedians divide in their reactions.
Comedians do it for laughs.
Comedians do monologues on it.
Comedians everywhere can really use the work.
Comedians generally address audiences as ladies and gentlemen.
Comedians get exposure and money, and people get to have a good time.
Comedians have to be aware of who to send it to.
Comedians just make fun of what's there.
Comedians make fun of people with mental illnesses, using their disabilities as a source of humor.
Comedians make jokes about the Olympic Scandal.
Comedians make millions by being funny enough to entertain the masses.
Comedians play with words.
Comedians ridicule it.
Comedians rotate every week and two perform each night.
Comedians typically have a set of gags they can do.
Comedians use that poor excuse for an airplane as a one-liner.
Comedians use the disabilities of people with mental illnesses as a source of humor.
Comedians always get a laugh when they claim the brain as their second most cherished organ.
Comedians often write jokes that use stereotypes with no malice.
All comedians are very sad and angry.
Many comedians are the same.
Many comedians have people they try to mimic.
Many comedians seem to be immune to the healing powers of their own humor.
Most comedians are funny human beings and generally quite happy.
Most comedians create a sort of magical world, in which their particular brand of insanity rules.
Some comedians give themselves a ration of crap as part of their act.
Comedic impact is lost in great abundance.
Comedic timing involves the right placement of gestures.
Some comedic turns are well-played, but dramatic overkill spoils the fun.
Comedic violence runs rampant throughout the movie.
A comedo is a defect
Comedo refers to the plug-like appearance of necrotic material that fills the affected ducts.
Comedones form in follicles with an excess of keratinized epithelial cells.
Comedones is a medical term for blackheads.
Comedonal acne is characterized by the presence of whiteheads and blackheads.
Comedy albums are, sadly, out of fashion nowadays.
Comedy albums tend to sell in the hundreds of thousands, rather than millions.
Comedy clubs are everywhere.
Comedy clubs are nightclubs.
Comedy clubs are where most amateur comics get their first crack at becoming working comics.
Most comedy clubs videotape the amateur comics performing their short sets.
Most comedy films tend to cash out at about an hour and a half.
Comedies of manners are most popular during periods of prosperity and moral latitude.
Comedy shows are very popular on television.
Comedy writer is ready to write. .
Comedy writers admit it.
A comedy is drama
Comedies are always interesting.
Comedies are among the most treasured part of our film heritage.
Comedies are content to be happily formula.
Comedies are drama.
Comedies are funnies.
Comedies are hard to make well.
Comedies are light-hearted dramas, designed to amuse and provoke laughter.
Comedies are located in television.
Comedies are probably the most difficult type of films to score.
Comedies are tricky when it comes to the international market place.
Comedies are usually crowd-pleasers, playing to our most superficial sensibilities.
Comedies are usually funny and have happy endings.
Comedies come and go and are often forgotten as soon as the credits roll.
Comedies end with the hero's integration into society.
Comedies have to be funny, and horror films have to be scary.
Comedies observe the deficiencies, foibles, and frustrations of life, providing merriment.
Comedies provoke the greatest debates among movie fans.
Comedies seem to be in vogue right now.
Comedies tend to be shorter than dramas.
Comedies tend to get the back of the hand.
Comedy appears to be scant.
Comedy based on people's common experiences is insanely popular.
Comedy breaks down the boundaries so everyone can enjoy it.
Comedy breaks down walls.
Comedy can be a very brutal business.
Comedy can be fatal.
Comedy can be funny for just the sake of being funny.
Comedy can be most effective, but also most difficult format to use.
Comedy can be tragic when foolishness leads to wasted lives.
Comedy changes from culture to culture.
Comedy comes from pain or sadness.
Comedy comes out of difficulty.
Comedy definitely steals the show, nonetheless.
Comedy dismantles any protective covering.
Comedy encourages our natural disrespect for authority.
Comedy ends happily with reconciliation and often celebration.
Comedy films French kiss.
Comedy helps keep things lighthearted.
Comedy hits in the making.
Comedy ignites as the couple's actions to win justice become more sinister and extreme.
Comedy is a controversial aspect for Doctor Who.
Comedy is a curative art-form empowering the audience and the comedian.
Comedy is a cutthroat world, it really is.
Comedy is a disease.
Comedy is a fine line, very minute.
Comedy is a genetic malfunction.
Comedy is a genre, and it has many aspects.
Comedy is a glowing, boiling simplicity.
Comedy is a good way to go public with it.
Comedy is a lot harder.
Comedy is a rough and self-assertive art.
Comedy is a safe release.
Comedy is a science.
Comedy is a series of short takes.
Comedy is a serious business.
Comedy is a socially acceptable form of hostility and aggression.
Comedy is a state of mind.
Comedy is a tough business and it's a tough job.
Comedy is a very gray area.
Comedy is a very misogynist business.
Comedy is alive and well on the Internet.
Comedy is almost as cruel and exclusive as tragedy.
Comedy is big, there is just more to choose from.
Comedy is broad, bordering on farce .
Comedy is complicity.
Comedy is delicacy.
Comedy is difficult and requires the right timing.
Comedy is difficult.
Comedy is difficulty, farce is even more.
Comedy is exact.
Comedy is fast-paced, interactive and totally based on audience input.
Comedy is funny, hysterical-type things.
Comedy is good news. . . .
Comedy is good, reality better.
Comedy is hard.
Comedy is harder because the timing is so important.
Comedy is in contrast.
Comedy is much more difficult than drama.
Comedy is no defense against complaints of improper airing of violent content.
Comedy is on frantic things.
Comedy is one of the most successful, yet difficult creative approaches in TV advertising.
Comedy is progression .
Comedy is progression.
Comedy is pure high when it's working.
Comedy is serious business.
Comedy is someone else's tragedy.
Comedy is something television now does better than any other medium, including the movies.
Comedy is subjective.
Comedy is technique .
Comedy is technique.
Comedy is tough.
Comedy movies the best.
Comedy nach Deutschland.
Comedy offers a means to promote understanding and comfort, public awareness and social commentary.
Comedy pays better than tragedy.
Comedy provides a new way of looking at the same stressful event.
Comedy puts the painful episode at arm's length, and self-pity accepts it as a lifelong curse.
Comedy represents human character as more serious than it is b.
Comedy requires technique.
Comedy rings true thanks to stars and director.
Comedy routines with a Southern drawl and high-kicking dance segments are the usual fare.
Comedy scripts typically take less time to write than longer dramas.
Comedy seems rather to oppose humans to one another, within essentially social boundaries.
Comedy sells when people are happy and making lots of money.
Comedy shows, musical acts, lectures, registration and various other events are held here.
Comedy skits also available depending on needs of audience.
Comedy skits and sketches.
Comedy sounds like fun work.
Comedy takes timing and spacing, particularly without the benefit of the spoken word.
Comedy truly is a gift from the muses.
Comedy Works .
Comedy often seems to move more quickly than the culture at large.
Comedy often serves as a safety valve from pain.
Comedy often works.
Comedies sometimes stretch things just a little too far.
Comedies usually emphasize entertainment, but they can also be serious.
All comedy is based on suffering .
All comedy is based on suffering.
Most comedies build to a big climax.
Most comedies tend to be populated merely with funny caricatures who say funny things.
Some comedy acts.
Some comedy is funny.
Comeliness change accordingly to the new PC's face, all other characteristics stay the same.
Comeliness is beauty
Comely brunette tastes some tool tonic.
Comendal acne is clogged pores, like whiteheads or blackheads.
Comenditic lava domes fill and surround the caldera.
A comer is a competitor
Comer is just glad to provide a needed service for the community.
Comer join in the fun.
Comer see our many gift items.
Comer suggests that there are really two different ways to think about network layering.
Comers are rivals.
All comers are welcome to participate in the workshop.
All comers are welcome, and it's a grand way to kick the new year into gear.
All comers are welcome, regardless of sex, strength or speed.
All comers are welcome.
All comers can play.
All Comers Sign Up Everyone who is interested in the activity signs up by the entry deadline.
All comers welcome, both villagers and non villagers.
All comers welcome.
Any comercial use is subject to our normal terms and conditions.
A comestible is food
All comestibles come from the land, the sea, or, on rare occasions, a cargo ship.
Comet dust is responsible for meteor showers when the Earth crosses a comet's path.
Comet females are gold because they had a gold father.
Comet hunters are time-tested, and age is no impediment in their pursuit.
Comet hunters can be outlandish when it comes to hunting for their passionate flying possessions.
Most comet hunters say they do it because they love to do it.
Most comet hunters spend hundreds to thousands of hours searching before making a find.
Comet image is close to frame center.
Comet images are updated.
Comet madness has a long history.
Comet nuclei are themselves loose collections of ice, dust and small rocky particles.
Comet nuclei come in a range of sizes.
Comet orbits are long ovals .
Comet orbits suggest a huge reservoir of objects far away.
Comet particles make carrot-shaped tunnels in the aerogel as they are stopped.
Comet parties become popular.
Comet photos taken locally are here.
Comet reservoir gets more real.
Comet tails are expansions of the coma.
Comet tails are like signatures for individual comets.
Comet tails are millions of kilometers long.
Comet tails are often very long.
Comet tails point away from the Sun, regardless of the direction in which the comet is traveling.
A comet is a natural object
Comet assay for nuclear DNA damage.
Comet bounds around luggage and people, tail wagging, nose twitching.
Comet continues to be a binocular object for Southern Hemisphere observers.
Comet explodes over Siberia.
Comet isa object.
Comet passes close to earth.
Comet visible around midnight.
Comets affect Earth.
Comets also carry the noble gases argon, krypton, and xenon.
Comets also develop dust and gas tails.
Comets also follow different kinds of paths.
Comets also grow tails.
Comets also have frozen carbon dioxide, methane, ammonia, and a few other chemicals.
Comets also leave waste products behind in their orbits, in the form of millions of meteoroids.
Comets also vary in the different types of trace elements and hydrocarbons are present.
Comets appear as little blurs in the sky when far away.
Comets appear fuzzy and nebulous, the comets are far off the sun and return to distant regions.
Comets appear in our skies from time to time.
Comets appear to be bright balls with fat tails.
Comets appear to come primarily from the direction of the constellation Hercules.
Comets appear to hang in the sky, changing position slowly.
Comets appear, brighten and fade away.
Comets approach the sun briefly - closest approach to the sun of all objects is called parahelion.
Comets are a bit like giant dirty ice-balls with diameters between five and fifty kilometres.
Comets are a different story, however.
Comets are a mixture of ice, water and frozen gases.
Comets are a real problem, and can do nearly as much damage as asteroids.
Comets are a slightly different matter.
Comets are a stand-alone topic, requiring little preparation.
Comets are a vehicle that brings organic materials to the Earth.
Comets are about the same size as the smaller asteroids.
Comets are almost always invisible to astronomers until they become active.
Comets are also cause many of earth's well known meteor showers.
Comets are also chunks of rock, but they have ice mixed in as well.
Comets are also icy balls.
Comets are an amazing part of our sky.
Comets are astronomical objects.
Comets are balls of dirty ice that measure from a few hundred yards to several miles in diameter.
Comets are balls of dirty mineral-laden ice that orbit the sun.
Comets are balls of ice and rock, and they travel far out beyond the planets.
Comets are balls of ice that orbit around the sun.
Comets are basically big gravel filled snowballs.
Comets are believed to represent the most unaltered material in the solar system.
Comets are blocks of frozen ice mixed with cosmic dust.
Comets are bodies of ice, rock and organic compounds that can be several miles in diameter.
Comets are bodies of ice, rock, and organic compounds that can be several miles in diameter.
Comets are candidates, for they appear sporadically, move, and even seem to point down to the earth.
Comets are chunks of ice, gravel, dust and rock stuck together in a lumpy ball.
Comets are chunks of rock and ice that orbit the Sun in elliptical Paths.
Comets are clumps of dust and ice a few miles across and they are very loosely held together.
Comets are cold bodies consisting of frozen gases and boulders.
Comets are composed of significant fractions of water ice, dust, and carbon-based compounds.
Comets are conglomerates of ice and rock .
Comets are cool.
Comets are cosmic icebergs .
Comets are delicate, gossamer objects.
Comets are different in nature to asteroids.
Comets are dusty 'iceburgs' in space and can contain large rocks held together in a matrix of ices.
Comets are dusty objects.
Comets are early-formed 'ice balls', with eccentric orbits.
Comets are easy to find because they are bright, being surrounded by vast clouds of water vapour.
Comets are easy to find in almost any pet store and are usually inexpensive.
Comets are essentially dirtly iceballs.
Comets are essentially dirty snowballs, but lets build an ice-cream ball with our own eatable dirt.
Comets are frozen relics from the formation of our solar system.
Comets are fuzzy, luminous objects that orbit the sun.
Comets are generally smaller than asteroids and travel in the broadest oval paths about the sun.
Comets are giant dirty snowballs in space, made of ice and dust.
Comets are huge dirty snowballs that are found in the farthest parts of the solar system.
Comets are hunks of ice and dirt a few miles wide.
Comets are hunks of ice mixed with dust and rock.
Comets are icy bodies that reside far away in the solar system where it is cold.
Comets are icy bodies which grow long tails of gas and dust when they come near the Sun.
Comets Are Important Because They . . .
Comets are independent masses of ice and debris that orbit around the sun.
