Students examine basic concepts of litigation with reference to both civil and criminal trials.
Students examine basic management principles and paralegal's functioning within a law office.
Students examine basic principles, processes and methods of personal and group health interventions.
Students examine basic types of plans and how they effect the organization.
Students examine beliefs, practices, and disputes about sexual difference.
Students examine biological mechanisms of change.
Students examine bird populations within the refuge through using both ground and air photography.
Students examine both ancient and modern civilization with an emphasis on economics and geography.
Students examine both dominant and subordinate groups.
Students examine both educational theory and practice within a broadly conceptualized curriculum.
Students examine both messages and media to identify the strengths and limitations of each.
Students examine both the expressive qualities of type as well as the readability of type.
Students examine both the history and the contemporary significance of our nation s covenant.
Students examine both the history and the emerging future of communication technologies.
Students examine both the theory and practice of public relations.
Students examine business in the United States as a social institution.
Students examine business in the United States as a social instution.
Students examine carbon molecules and organic compounds.
Students examine career opportunities, certification, licensing, and professional organizations.
Students examine case studies of current environmental problems and propose methods of remediation.
Students examine case studies, and conduct an audit in a local business or government organization.
Students examine cases.
Students examine changes in nature and in society.
Students examine chemistry from an experimental viewpoint.
Students examine classic and experimental essays for technique and content.
Students examine classical history, science, philosophy, literature, and fine arts.
Students examine clinical issues facing children and adolescents in treatment planning.
Students examine closely original letters from the nineteenth century with the archivist.
Students examine combinations of nursing leadership strategies to meet quality and cost outcomes.
Students examine communicative behaviors through case study and field observation.
Students examine competency in the workplace.
Students examine complicate cases.
Students examine contemporary issues in art and art criticism.
Students examine controvercial issues and cases.
Students examine courtroom evidence photos.
Students examine critically how literary texts are written, read and interpreted.
Students examine critically recently published research and evaluate current theory.
Students examine criticism, culture, and communication from interpersonal to media interactions.
Students examine cultural differences as they influcence communication among people.
Students examine current and significant issues in human resources management.
Students examine current and significant issues in telecommunications management.
Students examine current developments and contemporary thought in marketing.
Students examine current literature and classical writing on both leadership and ethics.
Students examine current literature and partake in active discussions.
Students examine current topics in the area of law, regulatory controls, and ethical studies.
Students examine current topics in the areas of law, regulatory controls and ethical issues.
Students examine current topics in the areas of law, regulatory controls, and ethical issues.
Students examine curriculum models and teaching techniques.
Students examine data showing solar radiation input over the course of one or more years.
Students examine developmental theories from birth through adulthood.
Students examine different small businesses and meet successful entrepreneurs.
Students examine different variables and record data to test general hypotheses.
Students examine digital photographs recorded at the same time and place each week.
Students examine each apple for bruising, insect damage, and other flaws.
Students examine each rule using their criteria.
Students examine each topic within the realm of relevant state and federal law.
Students examine ecological problems and opportunities.
Students examine educational software to support the instructional process.
Students examine eight models of discipline as well as developing their own management plan.
Students examine ethical standards for the profession of psychology.
Students examine examples and wrestle with the practical implications of each.
Students examine existing and new functional systems for their ability to meet company strategy.
Students examine facts.
Students examine family concepts and dynamics during the childbearing and childrearing years.
Students examine food labels.
Students examine force including friction.
Students examine foremost theories and current research in the area of cognitive development.
Students examine France's past in order to explain the origins of the French nation.
Students examine fundamental dynamics of psychological development throughout the human life cycle.
Students examine fundamental rights guaranteed in the Bill of Rights.
Students examine geoscience data in order to understand processes and events in Earth's history.
Students examine government, geography, culture, education, social systems and their interaction.
Students examine grains as a significant and important part of a healthy diet.
Students examine group behavior and how group functioning affects organizational effectiveness.
Students examine guiding relationships and apply principles and skills to complex situations.
Students examine historical artifacts to discover clues to the past.
Students examine how art works reflect the society and the times.
Students examine how artists have chronicled, commented upon, and criticized their societies.
Students examine how biblical and theological truth inform ministry practice.
Students examine how communities evolve, flourish, and decline.
Students examine how computers affect communication both locally and globally.
Students examine how consumer decisions affect society.
Students examine how different cultural groups have related to their watershed through time.
Students examine how living organisms depend on each other and on their environment.
Students examine how markets operate and how they fail.
Students examine how media designed for adults affects children.
Students examine how scientists use remote sensing to study plant life in the ocean.
Students examine how slight changes in a transaction can materially alter the tax consequences.
Students examine how societal, cultural, and professional values impact interpersonal relationships.
Students examine how stereotyping occurs and learn to identify it in stories and fairy tales.
Students examine how systems of production, ownership, and religion help mold notions of personhood.
Students examine how the environment plays a key role in survival.
Students examine how violence is perpetrated through words, pictures, physical harm, and silences.
Students examine image enhancing techniques and produce visual solutions of their findings.
Students examine immigration, naturalization, voter rights and governmental functions.
Students examine important current events and study the science and technology behind the stories.
Students examine in detail the life cycle of a plant.
Students examine individual and group processes as they function in organizational settings.
Students examine individual experience and behavior in relation to social stimulus situations.
Students examine individual levels of skill, attitude and motivation needed to succeed in college.
Students examine issues across the life span.
Students examine issues of leadership and policy in both formal and informal settings.
Students examine issues related to hazardous waste and site cleanup.
Students examine jars containing items representing the needs of living things.
Students examine knowledge and research as they pertain to leadership and organizational studies.
Students examine leadership practice through selected application assignments.
Students examine learning theories and the role of learning in the development of behavior.
Students examine literature stories according to themes such as humility, temperance, and beauty.
Students examine mainly British and American literature in a variety of literary genres.
Students examine major curriculum trends and assessment in the secondary school.
Students examine management from behavioural, functional, situational and systems perspectives.
Students examine marketing concepts in relation to key constituencies of their companies.
Students examine masterpieces from literature, art, and music, bringing the content areas to life.
Students examine mechanisms promoting conflict resolution and cooperation in a global context.
Students examine medieval lyrics, narratives, and romances, with emphasis on the work of Chaucer.
Students examine minerals, rocks, and fossils in their natural settings.
Students examine models of inclusion through texts, videos, and site visits.
Students examine movies both as the shapers and the products of culture and society.
Students examine network protocols and wide and local-area networks in detail.
Students examine new concepts through in-class activities, working in groups and individually.
Students examine nursing issues which affect clients and health care systems.
Students examine nutrition from a preventive, maintenance and therapeutic perspective.
Students examine one or a few specific areas in personality and social psychology.
Students examine organism habitat and niche with respect to biogeographical location.
Students examine orthopedic human anatomy and function extensively.
Students examine patterns in population characteristics to identify correlations.
Students examine personal interests and aptitudes as well as various career clusters.
Students examine persuasive speech as it is used in modern life.
Students examine philosophical, political, religious, ethical, and social influences in literature.
Students examine physical, mental, and social development from a life-span perspective.
Students examine pictures of flowers.
Students examine pictures.
Students examine planned educational change viewed through curriculum decision-making.
Students examine policy implementation at the federal, state, or local level.
Students examine population characteristics to identify correlations.
Students examine prepared slides of onion root tip under microscope.
Students examine principles and methods of various schools of counseling.
Students examine protective factors that support healthy behaviors and habits.
Students examine questions about reality, knowledge, and ethics that affect social research.
Students examine racism, sexism and heterosexism and how it effects individual and community health.
Students examine rational, intuitive, and combined models of decision making.
Students examine real data for signs of extraterrestrial intelligence.
Students examine reasons for and against fetus rights and the role of the Canadian government.
Students examine recent experimentation to identify the use of the scientific method.
Students examine replicas of projectile points and real bison hide and bones.
Students examine rocks in detail, discovering they are made up of various combinations of minerals.
Students examine scatterplot.
Students examine science fiction that portrays the alien as a purer life form than mankind.
Students examine scientific research as well as popular culture.
Students examine sedimentary rocks in the Colorado Plateau.
Students examine selected central city agencies related to law enforcement.
Students examine selected sculptors and art movements.
Students examine selected topics in corporate and partnership tax.
Students examine selected works of literature and some art and music.
Students examine sets of data and materials.
Students examine seven different training strategies for a variety of situations.
Students examine several printed color spectra of elements and discuss differences.
Students examine several printed color spectra of elements.
Students examine shorebird features, behavior, and adaptations through a variety of activities.
Students examine shrubs in combination with other plants in the mixed border.
Students examine significant Russian contributions to world cinema.
Students examine similarities and differences among the stories.
Students examine social attitudes to drug taking and theoretical approaches to addictive behaviour.
Students examine societal institutions such as churches, sects, and cults.
Students examine songbird migration, habitat needs, population threats, and conservation.
Students examine spat, oyster babies.
Students examine technology s effect on labor, family, and how people perceive their jobs.
Students examine text in great detail through Stanislavskian theory and practical workshops.
Students examine the actions, uses, limitations and side effects of drugs.
Students examine the aims and institutional forms of higher education.
Students examine the aspects of the physical environment under which life began.
Students examine the assumptions, models of behavior, and styles of explanation in each tradition.
Students examine the basic process of behavior change.
Students examine the benefits, as well as the problems, inherent in a market-oriented economy.
Students examine the biology and chemistry of wetland, bog, lake, and other communities.
Students examine the challenges of growing into young adulthood.
Students examine the challenges of marketing a company to the financial community.
Students examine the change of state, solutions, and simple chemical reactions.
Students examine the character traits personified in the heroes and heroines.
Students examine the cognitive, performative and social characteristics of religion.
Students examine the collaborative process of theatre.
Students examine the communication process through various models.
Students examine the components of a law library.
Students examine the concept of integrity in the classroom.
Students examine the concept of making changes in the corporate setting.
Students examine the consequences of welfare policies and their immediate effects on the elderly.
Students examine the contribution of the diverse cultures within American society.
Students examine the design elements of architecture and the relationship of people to space.
Students examine the development of children s language, reading, and writing.
Students examine the development of children s musical and movement abilities.
Students examine the development of math and science concepts in young children.
Students examine the development of the Russian revolutions and the Soviet regime.
Students examine the development of the United States from colonization through reconstruction.
Students examine the different ideologies for men and women as well as ethnic minorities.
Students examine the different insects found along the boardwalk trail.
Students examine the different models of children's theatre and their theoretical underpinnings.
Students examine the doctor-patient relationship and learn to utilize diverse and varied resources.
Students examine the dynamic setting and major policies of the modern business organization.
Students examine the effect of competing sensory input on memory.
Students examine the effects of alcohol and drug use on Native American cultures.
Students examine the emergence of the United States as a world power in the twentieth century.
Students examine the environmental context in which administrative and community practice occurs.
Students examine the evolution and latest developments in news media law.
Students examine the evolution of diplomacy and warfare.
Students examine the evolution of the profession of human services.
Students examine the following examples of stained glass carefully.
Students examine the functional components of a residential sprinkler system.
Students examine the fundamental principles of accounting with an emphasis on financial accounting.
Students examine the health care system's response to the growing challenges of chronic care.
Students examine the health of their local pond or stream.
Students examine the historical roots of specific problems in contemporary psychology.
Students examine the history and impact of major religious and philosophical traditions.
Students examine the history of higher education, particularly in the United States.
Students examine the history of life on Earth.
Students examine the history of management and the impact on the staff.
Students examine the history of technology and the future of optical and image capture systems.
Students examine the history, design, and execution of type and lettering for reproduction.
Students examine the history, types, methods, and principles of fire department organization.
Students examine the images, myths, and perceptions of the region in light of historic records.
Students examine the images.
Students examine the impact of culture as it relates to the counseling process.
Students examine the impact of emerging technologies and set up a business in the wired world.
Students examine the incidence and the effects of chemical dependency on various populations.
Students examine the income levels of Australian men, women and young people in our community.
Students examine the influence of technology and economics on the media.
Students examine the law of conservation of mass.
Students examine the legal framework and issues that rise from business entities.
Students examine the legal processes from investigation through the trial process.
Students examine the legislative process of the budget and budgetary implementation.
Students examine the mass media, evaluating their roles as molders and reflectors of public opinion.
Students examine the methods by which our society conveys, categorizes, and analyzes information.
Students examine the most current software used in school systems.
Students examine the motives that led to the changes in each main character.
Students examine the nature of matter.
Students examine the nature of therapeutic relationships.
Students examine the nature, composition, valuation, and classification of balance sheet items.
Students examine the nature, etiology, symptoms and management of stress.
Students examine the nature, etiology, symptoms, and management of stress.
Students examine the nuts and bolts of organizing, conducting, and reporting on focus groups.
Students examine the origins of culture and the interaction of biological and cultural evolution.
Students examine the patterns in a flower design made of triangles surrounding a square.
Students examine the period of westward expansion and the twentieth century.
Students examine the person as a leader, the use of power, and the necessity of politics.
Students examine the physics behind a p-n junction, nonlinear devices, and the transistor.
Students examine the power of such systems to frame and define the terms of public discourse.
Students examine the practical artistry of democratic progressive education.
Students examine the prevention, recognition, mechanisms, and treatment of common athletic injuries.
Students examine the problem solving model of practice in relation to it's theoretical base.
Students examine the process of making a music CD from the perspective of the album producer.
Students examine the profession of management as it relates to broadcast news operation.
Students examine the profound impact XML is having on client-side site development.
Students examine the psychology, anthropology, sociology, and history of religion.
Students examine the psychosocial, biological and cultural aspects of aging.
Students examine the psychosocial, biological, and cultural aspects of aging.
Students examine the relationship between concept, materials and process.
Students examine the relationship between concept, materials, and process.
Students examine the relationship between forms of art and forms of thought.
Students examine the relationships between graphs and verbal descriptions.
Students examine the relationships between the arts.
Students examine the research literature of various disciplines that impact technical writing.
Students examine the resources for readability, currency, usefulness, and bias.
Students examine the results of UV experiments conducted.
Students examine the rich variety of literature published for young people.
Students examine the rights and responsibilities of consumers and businesses.
Students examine the role international law plays in today's dynamic world.
Students examine the role of leadership within society.
Students examine the role of the school library media specialist in the information process.
Students examine the role of the skeletal, muscular, and nervous systems in human movement.
Students examine the role rhythm plays in poetry.
Students examine the role that they as individuals can play in providing for family needs and wants.
Students examine the sample and tally both numbers and kinds of invertebrates into major taxa.
Students examine the school handbook for the duties of the officer.
Students examine the social structure, group interaction, and processes of social arrangements.
Students examine the social worker's ethical role as an advocate for social justice.
Students examine the sociocultural relationship between gender and education in U.S. society.
Students examine the statutory and judicial influences upon education, both historical and current.
Students examine the structure and function of the organs involved in hearing and speech.
Students examine the structure of DNA, and simulate the translation of DNA into protein.
Students examine the theoretical and analytical issues from an economic and spatial perspective.
Students examine the transition in Poland through the lens of the social psychology.
Students examine the underlying dynamics, culture, and change in the organizational context.
Students examine the use and management of networks.
Students examine the use of media as a tool for persuasion.
Students examine the use of minerals by people.
Students examine the uses and effects of taxation.
Students examine the varied perspectives and contributions of women and minorities.
Students examine the variety of media writing and commence writing their own media messages.
Students examine the various forms and functions of the ceramic vessel.
Students examine the way fossils form by creating their own fossils in the classroom.
Students examine the ways they best learn mathematics.
Students examine the work of professional poets and fiction writers.
Students examine the work of professional poets from the perspective of apprentice to the craft.
Students examine their data to estimate the means, medians, modes, and standard deviations.
Students examine their energy habits and learn to read a meter.
Students examine their fruit for appearance, texture and odour.
Students examine their individual learning, work, and management styles.
Students examine their own assumptions, beliefs and practices.
Students examine their own attitudes and values regarding conflict.
Students examine their own experiences as writers and as writing students.
Students examine their own family stories.
Students examine their own growth and development in the context of a maturing faith life.
Students examine their own management and leadership skills through reflective exercises.
Students examine their own personal profile in communication and apply it to work in groups.
Students examine their personal management values and leadership style.
Students examine their pumpkins at their desks.
Students examine their test scores and start to determine an individual fitness plan.
Students examine their values for compatibility with the values of the profession.
Students examine theories and concepts which explain organizational behavior and productivity.
Students examine theories and intervention techniques in marriage and family counseling.
Students examine theories and issues which shape economies.
Students examine theories and research in the areas of sociomoral development of children.
Students examine theories of criminal behavior in youth and the laws that apply to that behavior.
Students examine theories.
Students examine tobacco ads.
Students examine tours offered by area operators and develop their own tours.
Students examine types.
Students examine unresolved problems of the modern world as they appear in current events.
Students examine variables affecting PCB concentration in fish found in Lake Erie.
Students examine various approaches to instrumentation.
Students examine various approaches to research and data analysis.
Students examine various aspects of optical systems and photography.
Students examine various circulation and collections control systems.
Students examine various personal financial planning problems of individuals and families.
Students examine various theories and methods that can be used to resolve organizational dilemmas.
Students examine various types of raisin bran cereal.
Students examine what appear to be the remains of a Native American house.
Students examine what happens to our garbage from curbside to the landfill.
Students examine what practitioners actually do and work to become practitioners themselves.
Students examine what practitioners actually do, and work to become practitioners themselves.
Students examine women's participation in and relationship to institutions of society.
Students examine, discuss, and research the Bill of Rights.
Students examine, evaluate, and treat animals with spontaneous disease in the hospital environment.
Students examine, evaluate, and treat animals with spontaneous diseases in the hospital environment.
Students excavate the privy and artifacts emerge.
Students exceed comprehension of literature and are compelled to true engagement.
Students exceed state standards for formal and informal technology instruction.
Students excel annually on advanced placement tests.
Students excel daily in a range of educational fields.
Students excel in a variety of endeavors upon completion of their high school careers.
Students excel in academic competitions of ah kinds.
Students excel in academic competitions of all kinds.
Students excel in academics on local, state and national levels annually.
Students excel in concert, on stage, in the classroom, and on the athletic fields.
Students excel in sports, music, art, sciences and more.
Students excel in state, regional and national judging competition.
Students excel in the classroom, yet they get involved in other activities as well.
Students excel in their academic studies, and in their extracurricular and community involvement.
Students excel on content-based tests.
Students excel on state tests.
Students excel when there is active communication among students, teachers and parents.
Students excell in academic areas as well as athletics.
Students exchange an educational toy for the toy gun that they bring to the event.
Students exchange cards and try to build the figure from the instructions.
Students exchange cards and write answers to the questions.
Students exchange copies of their drafts.
Students exchange creative writing and comments, and participate in a fact-finding challenge.
Students exchange cultural and historic information and gain language fluency.
Students exchange drafts in class and e-mail a response.
Students exchange e-mail and share ideas about classes, families, and college life.
Students exchange experiences in group session and are subject to review by instructor.
Students exchange extra copies with other students.
Students exchange ideas and information with the instructor and with each other electronically.
Students exchange ideas, ask for on-line help, and engage in conflict.
Students exchange information about their lifestyle and environment.
Students exchange money for knowledge.
Students exchange notes with explorers at the scene.
Students exchange notes with the explorers in the field.
Students exchange their findings with students in other countries.
Students exchange their writings with participating classrooms to obtain revision suggestions.
Students excitement about learning and discovery is a motivating force in the laboratory.
Students execute a butt weld and cut a piece of steel using a gas cutting torch.
Students execute a series of sculptures which are related in material or concept.
Students execute and present a faculty approves terminal project in the source.
Students execute original designs from sketch to finished garments.
Students execute their research protocols and collect data.
Students exercise and display multiple intelligences through the arts.
Students exercise control over materials and equipment.
Students exercise editorial control.
Students exercise in P.E. in the recently renovated elementary gym.
Students exercise individual initiative in the planning and execution of research problems.
Students exercise mutual respect and consideration while enjoying personal freedom.
Students exercise self-control and consideration of others at all times.
Students exercise sound judgment and function under pressure.
Students exercise their critical thinking skills and learn major programming concepts.
Students exercise their skills as critical thinkers and persuasive writers.
Students exercise to music during the entire class period.
Students exercise to music using a variety of movements designed to provide a full body workout.
Students exercise to music while doing teacher-guided dancing activities.
Students exhale first while keeping the ear on the bicep and roll to take a breath.
Students exhibit a healthy lifestyle.
Students exhibit a positive attitude toward reading and writing.
Students exhibit a sense of belonging.
Students exhibit a willingness to be accountable for their performance in class.
Students exhibit an appreciation for different cultures and mastery of basic language skills.
Students exhibit awareness of audience and purpose.
Students exhibit computational skills that are above school school expectations.
Students exhibit different talents, abilities, achievements, needs, and interests in mathematics.
Students exhibit exploratory, experimental, invention or design science projects.
Students exhibit interest.
Students exhibit punctual attendance.
Students exhibit respect for teacher.
Students exhibit respect for the teacher, other students, and themselves.
Students exhibit sexist behavior behind the instructor's back.
Students exhibit teamwork and a sense of scientific inquiry through projects and lab activities.
Students exhibit thinking skills.
Students exhibit work as part of course requirement.
Students exhibit work as part of the course requirement.
Students exhibiting additional handicapping conditions are also eligible for enrollment.
Students exhibits lack of concern for class.
Students exit our program with excellent counseling and consulting skills.
Students exit the course when the goals of the learning plan are attained.
Students exit the program by showing reading proficiency.
Students expand and share their knowledge of their own cultural heritage through research projects.
Students expand on the work of previous semesters going into the international sphere.
Students expand their experience using resources provided by the employer.
Students expand their horizons by learning a new language in a multi-cultural setting.
Students expand their horizons by learning how to communicate, collaborate, and indeed how to learn.
Students expand their information retrieval and research skills.
Students expand their knowledge base and clinical competence and provide a better service.
Students expand their knowledge of physics with hands-on experiments.
Students expand their knowledge of poems and rhyming words, and creative writing is encouraged.
Students expand their knowledge through the reading of Latin and the study of ancient culture.
Students expand their management competency.
Students expand their relationships with professionals who come to speak of their company's success.
Students expand their scope of understanding of the Korean culture by studying Korean customs.
Students expand their studies in fourth grade by looking at Arizona and U.S. geographical regions.
Students expand their understanding of basic human physiology as it applies to health practices.
Students expand their understanding of written and oral communication in business.
Students expand their visual literacy through the drawing process.
Students expand their vocabulary and control of Japanese characters through intensive reading.
Students expand their vocabulary by learning strategies for identifying unfamiliar words.
Students expand their writing and thinking skills and learn to form their own opinions.
Students expand through specially developed exercises to their highest point of expressiveness.
Students expand use, no change in learning.
Students expand vocabulary and solidify grammar skills.
Students expect a higher degree of technology.
Students expect an instructor to treat everyone in the class equally.
Students expect and demand more.
Students expect and deserve more.
Students expect and want more dialogue with their teacher.
Students expect clear and reasonable procedures.
Students expect clear objectives on their syllabi.
Students expect every problem to have a single right numeric answer.
Students expect excellence in themselves and others.
Students expect expertise, but are realistic and perceptive.
Students expect exposure to international opportunities, both on campus and through study abroad.
Students expect feedback and evaluation from the teacher.
Students expect free information and are reading fewer books, in favour of video and Internet.
Students expect good results, keeping good data.
Students expect grading policies to be firm.
Students expect high levels of service.
Students expect information to be delivered quickly and technology to work.
Students expect information to be slick, eye-catching, and colorful.
Students expect it and teachers can use it.
Students expect it to be available and working.
Students expect it.
Students expect professors who understand what they require.
Students expect staff members to be caring and helpful.
Students expect staff to respond seven days a week, and mark faster.
Students expect teachers to provide information in that same manner.
Students expect technology to be available and to work.
Students expect that 'others' drink more than they themselves do.
Students expect the college they choose to offer international experiences and opportunities.
Students expect the same progressive approach by law schools.
Students expect the unit to use the same delivery options as all their other units.
Students expect their academic work to be fairly and fully assessed.
Students expect their residence rooms to be directly connected to the campus network.
Students expect to apply only one discipline in solving a problem.
Students expect to attend classes and to utilize other facilities on campus.
Students expect to be able to memorize and cram for exams.
Students expect to be treated as customers, no longer accepting poor services or support.
Students expect to choose from multiple offers when they graduate.
Students expect to economize effort and distribute it accross all courses.
Students expect to have passing grades without study.
Students expect to have their own bedroom and Internet connections.
Students expect to learn using computers.
Students expect to make timely progress toward their degrees.
Students expect to memorize answers.
Students expect to use the Internet throughout their educational experience.
Students expend effort because learning is authentic.
Students experience a challenging variety of tasks.
Students experience a closeness with nature.
Students experience a diversity of learner characteristics and school cultures.
Students experience a feeling of satisfaction after completing their newly learned batik techniques.
Students experience a full day every day and have fun in the process .
Students experience a fully integrated, but nontraditional curriculum.
Students experience a greater sense of belonging.
Students experience a guided imagery and then create artwork and poetry.
Students experience a hands-on approach to learning residential carpentry.
Students experience a hands-on approach to learning.
Students experience a live performance and learn while they are being entertained.
Students experience a professional communication process.
Students experience a rainbow of colors as they learn about the electromagnetic spectrum.
Students experience a range of practicum placements suited to their particular stream.
Students experience a sense of security and trust.
Students experience a similar challenge when they undertake research projects.
Students experience a similar pride when their work is published.
Students experience a simulation of real life situations that designers and engineers experience.
Students experience a variety of approaches from dynamic to behavioral.
Students experience a variety of selections in both dialogue and narrative form.
Students experience a variety of teaching approaches.
Students experience a variety of teaching strategies and techniques for a highly qualified faculty.
Students experience a variety of topics throughout the year.
Students experience a wide array of emotions associated with being in college.
Students experience a wide range of art training with special opportunities to market their work.
Students experience a wide range of exciting activities while at Blue Lake.
Students experience a wide variety of genres, which include both fiction and nonfiction.
Students experience a wilderness area while hiking, camping, and studying the natural history.
Students experience about two to three seconds of falling as the parachute opens.
Students experience academic success, often for the first time.
Students experience additional costs beyond their billed expenses.
Students experience all aspects of a real-life research project.
Students experience all aspects of newspaper publishing.
Students experience an academic education taught through an interactive and supportive approach.
Students experience an annual off-campus retreat.
Students experience an enhanced sense of community.
Students experience an inside view of how biologists study the living world.
Students experience and apply what is learned in the classroom to real-life situations.
Students experience and explore the piano, guitar, percussion, violin or choir.
Students experience and gain skills and knowledge as practitioners.
Students experience and learn about the world through their senses.
Students experience anywhere, anytime learning.
Students experience artistic expression through music , art and literature.
Students experience artistic production and participate in community service projects.
Students experience assertive behavior in small groups through role playing.
Students experience at least six hours of actual hands-on practice during the weekend.
Students experience authentic French meals, movies, and music at club meetings.
Students experience both documentary and dramatic filmmaking.
Students experience calming and strengthening of body and mind.
Students experience campus life.
Students experience climates.
Students experience clinical placement in a variety of both community and hospital setting.
Students experience cold climates.
Students experience college life, both academically and socially.
Students experience conservation of momentum with a baseball and bat.
Students experience considerable personal attention as well as close interaction with faculty.
Students experience continuous progress according to their age and ability.
Students experience cooperative team learning.
Students experience daily rehearsals, sectionals, master classes, theory classes, and recitals.
Students experience daily rehearsals, sectionals, masterclasses, theory classes, and recitals.
Students experience didactic, laboratory and clinical education.
Students experience difficulty in a course for a variety of reasons.
Students experience difficulty in courses for a number of reasons.
Students experience difficulty in courses for a variety of reasons.
Students experience direct involvement in the city's civic, business and cultural opportunities.
Students experience energy.
Students experience financial hardship for a variety of reasons.
Students experience first hand supply and demand as they make and sell their own wares.
Students experience firsthand interaction with regular professors.
Students experience firsthand the collecting and recording of data on our local water sources.
Students experience firsthand the dynamic ways that cultures develop.
Students experience firsthand the efficacies of outpatient pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy.
Students experience folk dance as a form of expressive art.
Students experience foods from both cultures.
Students experience four different partner school placements.
Students experience good and bad days as well as joy and grief.
Students experience greater flexibility, balance, stamina, energy, tranquility, and muscle tone.
Students experience handling the range of possible audition situations.
Students experience hands-on learning.
Students experience hands-on work, including actual residential and commercial wiring installation.
Students experience hot weather during their camp stay.
Students experience how fast the human brain can adapt to changes it faces.
Students experience increased involvement, thinking, and motivation during the learning process.
Students experience lack.
Students experience Latin American collective creation methods through classroom exercises.
Students experience learning in a collaborative and supportive environment.
Students experience learning through exploration, discovery, research, and technology.
Students experience learning through the work process itself.
Students experience less discipline problems when they receive special education services.
Students experience life as in pioneer times.
Students experience life in five unique terrestrial biomes and explore several intertidal areas.
Students experience life in the bear habitat first hand.
Students experience little intellectual unity in their undergraduate course work.
Students experience living and learning on a college campus while they participate in the institute.
Students experience long cane travel in a variety of environments while simulating visual loss.
Students experience many other barriers to full participation apart from economic constraints.
Students experience melodic, harmonic, and rhythmic dictation, keyboard harmony, and sight singing.
Students experience Mexican food in a Mexican restaurant.
Students experience more active and engaged learning, and therefore achieve at high academic levels.
Students experience multiple acting styles and methods.
Students experience multiple forms of group task solving, cooperation and roles.
Students experience open-ended or performance assessments.
Students experience optimum learning in a nontraditional classroom environment.
Students experience pacing workouts and also run courses up to three miles in the campus area.
Students experience participation in large lecture classes.
Students experience passing techniques, practice starts and long lapping sessions.
Students experience positive changes in their lives.
Students experience problems.
Students experience profound life changes for themselves as well.
Students experience real-life studio situations and pressure in dealing with deadlines.
Students experience research in the real world.
Students experience resilience in their body's movement, and in their own lives.
Students experience resolving problems in terms of basic principles.
Students experience rich aspects of their culture, reinforcing self-esteem and pride of heritage.
Students experience routine microbiology laboratories.
Students experience segregation right in their own classroom.
Students experience significant problems.
Students experience Spanish culture first hand.
Students experience steps.
Students experience stories as tellers and listeners.
Students experience success in reading for meaning.
Students experience success on a regular basis.
Students experience taking action during Teen Life.
Students experience texts of different genres and forms related to each theme.
Students experience texts of different genres and forms related to four thematic units.
Students experience the aesthetic dimensions of their environment through interpretive play.
Students experience the basic foundation of reading through phonics games, activities and music.
Students experience the basics in all areas of the design and printing processes.
Students experience the beginning of the school year.
Students experience the brain and nervous system using hands-on methods.
Students experience the confusion, fear, and hope of coming to a new country.
Students experience the connection between the real world and the world of math.
Students experience the cooperative learning spirit.
Students experience the culture of Mexico both rural life and urban living.
Students experience the delight of seeking answers scientifically.
Students experience the difficulties of devising and performing experiments to probe the unknown.
Students experience the ensemble's hilarious exploits during a vacation gone awry.
Students experience the excitement of discovery.
Students experience the excitement of doing real science with real data.
Students experience the exhilaration of undertaking research in a field of their choice.
Students experience the instructional activities themselves.
Students experience the joy of reading for pleasure, often for the first time in their lives.
Students experience the marketing of a tourist destination of their own choice.
Students experience the most relevant and marketable education possible.
Students experience the ole' indoor beach party.
Students experience the process of developing a bill, arguing their point of view, and compromising.
Students experience the rights and responsibilities of leadership and decision making.
Students experience the roles of screenwriter, camera operator, acting coach, director, and editor.
Students experience the same comments.
Students experience the stories behind each historic place.
Students experience the success of learning new technologies in a relevant and meaningful way.
Students experience the teamwork involved in doing research and analyzing and presenting data.
Students experience the tradeoffs involved in environmental policy.
Students experience the traditional Oxford tutorial system under the guidance of Oxford faculty.
Students experience the unique relationship between research and performance in music.
Students experience the value of cooperation and teamwork in order to achieve a common goal.
Students experience the value of learning scientific principles.
Students experience the voting process and the steps involved in setting up the polling place.
Students experience the world of work and learn the importance of academic subjects to careers.
Students experience the writing of short stories, plays, and poetry.
Students experience their learning in an integrated curricular setting rather than in isolation.
Students experience urban, suburban, and rural schools.
Students experience using Braille and sign language.
Students experience variety of Christian and non-Christian liturgies.
Students experience various drawing styles and techniques.
Students experience various 'real world' examples of location sound recording and studio work.
Students experience various responsibilities in the dining room and kitchen areas.
Students experience vocational training, work experience, and opportunities for integration.
Students experience work paper develop- ment, test work,and report letter drafting.
Students experience working together as a unit.
Students experience working within standards of scientific rigor.
Students experience writing in narrative, descriptive, and analytical styles.
Students experiencing clinical depression present a challenge to the school social worker.
Students explain about the style and background of their castle.
Students explain how alleles are inherited in Mendelian fashion.
Students explain how art makers have been influenced by the art of their predecessors.
Students explain how artworks can tell stories about important historical events.
Students explain how choices in their lives have been influenced by the way they value art.
Students explain how human activities can change the environment.
Students explain how major events are related to each other in time.
Students explain how major events are related to one another in time.
Students explain how parts of an ecosystem are related, interact and form cycles.
Students explain how Spain was affected during the Holocaust.
Students explain how the biotic and abiotic components of ecosystems interact or rely on each other.
Students explain how the natural environment has affected how people make and understand art.
Students explain impact of changing the slope on a graph.
Students explain impact of chaning the slope in practical applications.
Students explain procedures and clarify options for potential litigants.
Students explain strategies.
Students explain that a body system has a special job and that all body systems work together.
Students explain that a stock is a share of ownership in a business.
Students explain that owners of stock are entitled to a share of a company's profits.
Students explain the difference between fighting and peace.
Students explain the difference between nuclear fission and fusion.
Students explain the four categories for improving test-taking.
Students explain the health and safety factors which effect employees.
Students explain the interrelationships among science, technology and other human endeavors.
Students explain the meaning of a poem by first analyzing and defining the words and phrases.
Students explain the order of the moon phases from one full moon to the next.
Students explain the relative mass and locations of the subatomic particles.
Students explain the role of labor markets in compensation.
Students explain the seasons and moon phases .
Students explain the significance of the intercept in practical applications.
Students explain the significance of the intercept on a graph.
Students explain the stages of group development.
Students explain the standards for their categorization.
Students explain the strategies they use to solve problems, and respond directly to one another.
Students explain the structure, functions, and reproduction of living cells.
Students explain their answers.
Students explain their experiences of intolerance and suggestions for improvement.
Students explain their thinking during a variety of activities.
Students explain what a Native American legend is.
Students explain what happened during the Holocaust.
Students explain what is happening at each stage.
Students explain what the y-intercept represents.
Students explain what they have learned to the group.
Students explain why days are longer in the summer and shorter in the winter.
Students explain why more lentils, for example, can fit in the egg sac than lima beans.
Students explain why the objects roll down the ramp.
Students explain why the sun s daily path changes during the year.
Students explain why they chose particular plants and animals.
Students explain why they chose the new characteristics.
Students explain, discuss and teach what they know to others.
Students explain, discuss, and teach what they know to classmates.
Students explain, discuss, and teach what they know to their classmates.
Students explore a broad practice of technology in art, while creating art objects.
Students explore a common theme to see relationships between different ideas and subjects.
Students explore a different topic each week.
Students explore a full range of e-commerce business and technology concepts and examples.
Students explore a new area of science each quarter.
Students explore a number of disabilities that affect both children and adults.
Students explore a range of clay from earthenware to stoneware.
Students explore a range of current topics, and investigate closely a particular area or theorist.
Students explore a range of visual strategies to express ideas.
Students explore a simulated beach for clues to discovering tide pool to deep ocean organisms.
Students explore a specific topic that has significant impact on the telecommunications industry.
Students explore a specific topic which has significant impact on the telecommunications industry.
Students explore a topic of their own choice, negotiated with a member of staff.
Students explore a variety of career options both through library and field research.
Students explore a variety of econometric techniques used to test various macroeconomic hypotheses.
Students explore a variety of materials and methods for organizing and representing data.
Students explore a variety of materials and techniques in the studio.
Students explore a variety of media, as well as methods for their application.
Students explore a variety of media, gaining skills and honing imagination as they go.
Students explore a variety of musical styles and perform concerts throughout the year.
Students explore a variety of musical styles and skill levels.
Students explore a variety of resources.
Students explore a variety of scientific phenomena as they unveil the science behind magic tricks.
Students explore a variety of specialized photographic techniques and a variety of philosophies.
Students explore a variety of techniques, expressive and conceptual approaches in image making.
Students explore a wide variety of art media.
Students explore a wide variety of creative media suitable for use with young children.
Students explore a wide variety of two and three-dimensional work.
Students explore activities.
Students explore additive and subtractive methods of creating the printed image.
Students explore advanced environmental concepts.
Students explore advanced techniques for the design, layout, and authoring of Web pages.
Students explore advanced-level respiratory care procedures and cardiovascular applications.
Students explore advertising techniques by creating an ad.
Students explore age, animal, fantasy, horror, and foam latex prosthetic techniques.
Students explore all areas of theatre, both on and off stage.
Students explore all aspects of personal care and non-medical treatment.
Students explore alternate solution methods, and find possible extensions of problems.
Students explore American society and culture through readings, discussion and field work.
Students explore an emerging paradigm of leadership where everyone has the potential for leadership.
Students explore an in-depth research or design problem.
Students explore an island ecosystem from the perspective of earth, physical and life sciences.
Students explore an online resource and read authentic letters from a Civil War soldier.
Students explore and apply the elements and techniques of various art forms.
Students explore and communicate with others.
Students explore and consume a wide variety of audiovisual and electronic sources.
Students explore and debate rival theories about the causes and consequences of poverty.
Students explore and develop their interests in drama, dance, vocal and instrumental music, and art.
Students explore and discuss concepts using scientific language.
Students explore and discuss ideas, conduct research and debate and evaluate information.
Students explore and evaluate ways of reclaiming and regenerating an area in Vietnam.
Students explore and expand the concepts of drawing through experimental media.
Students explore and experiment with techniques and structures of the short story.
Students explore and experiment with the fundamental principles and elements of graphic design.
Students explore and exploit photographic materials and techniques for creative ends.
Students explore and extend large and fine motor skills.
Students explore and imitate various forms by well-known and contemporary writers within the genres.
Students explore and investigate the five areas of physical science.
Students explore and investigate to discover math concepts and solve problems.
Students explore and learn about electricity, sound, and light with simulations.
Students explore and learn about numbers, patterns, and shapes.
Students explore and produce working drawings and construction documents.
Students explore and solve that problem over the course of the unit.
Students explore and understand prospective content for works of art.
Students explore and visit links relating to that entry on the timeline.
Students explore and work toward greater control in a variety of both wet and dry media.
Students explore and write in different genres and learn to use the stages of the writing process.
Students explore animal tracks, birds, plants, and aquatic life under the icy ponds.
Students explore applications of psychological principles and their potential role in instruction.
Students explore appropriate flower selection, material placement, and learn how to use tools.
Students explore architectural history in situ, or on the site.
Students explore areas of food safety and microbiology.
Students explore areas of interest with community experts.
Students explore art history, art criticism and exceptional art experiences.
Students explore articulation and text study, and make three all-school presentations.
Students explore artistic expression through media, Art history and aesthetics.
Students explore artwork and stories from Japan then create landscape paintings.
Students explore basic applications development concepts and techniques.
Students explore basic principles of ecology and their application to ecological problems.
Students explore basic science concepts and gain experience in inquiry-based science.
Students explore biology and ecology, and have fun performing experiments.
Students explore biology by completing hands-on activities in class.
Students explore both historical context and modern society.
Students explore both teaching and other professions that make use of their knowledge and skills.
Students explore both terrestrial and aquatic environments.
Students explore both the theory and practice of organizational communication.
Students explore both traditional techniques and current technology used to produce textile items.
Students explore business opportunities, role of an entrepreneur, and consumers awareness.
Students explore butterflies using math and shapes.
Students explore career interests individually.
Students explore career opportunities in science and minority contributions in the field.
Students explore career opportunities through their experiences in real work environments.
Students explore career options and begin to integrate academic plans in with their career goals.
Students explore career options in various media as well as advertising and public relations.
Students explore career possibilities in aviation.
Students explore careers and develop career plans at the middle school, and early high school.
Students explore careers in architecture, food preparation, retail sales, health, and industry.
Students explore cells, formatting, formulas, navigation, linking, and charts.
Students explore center of mass, inertia, and momentum, both with models and with their own bodies.
Students explore challenging literary ideas in both class discussions and writing assignments.
Students explore characterization, motivation, conflict, theme and plot.
Students explore city's historical resources to produce significant historical research.
Students explore classroom management strategies and reflect on and discuss classroom experiences.
Students explore color contrasts and relationships in terms of value, intensity and saturation.
Students explore color mixing, color symbolism, color expression, and aesthetics.
Students explore color, pattern, and texture.
Students explore communication 'hurdles' in the 'new technologies'.
Students explore community resources for the support of the older adult.
Students explore complex design projects, presentations and animation.
Students explore concepts in different situations over a period of time.
Students explore concepts in science and nutrition with hands-on activities.
Students explore concepts of density while layering liquids in a straw.
Students explore concepts.
Students explore conditions.
Students explore connections between the literature they read and their own life experiences.
Students explore connections with math, art, and design.
Students explore conservation strategies as they design a water-saving item.
Students explore consumer choices and the thought processes behind our decisions.
Students explore contemporary issues through film, periodicals and interviews.
Students explore contemporary Jewish religious, philosophical and existential issues.
Students explore cool science in language they can understand.
Students explore creative expressions through theatre games, improvisations and acting exercises.
Students explore creative techniques, including digital imaging.
Students explore culrural concepts.
Students explore cultural differences between Germany and the United States.
Students explore cultural stereotypes.
Students explore culture through film recordings, journals, and personal interviews.
Students explore culture through film, recordings, journals, and personal interviews.
Students explore current issues, analyze retailing case studies, and make presentations.
Students explore currents and research in the area of health psychology.
Students explore dances from around the world, including traditional African dance.
Students explore decision-making as well as learn about tools used by Ohio pioneers.
Students explore decomposition by studying fresh fruit and decomposing fruit.
Students explore design, and see how technology can influence an audience.
Students explore different fields in public service through interviews and research.
Students explore different movements.
Students explore different phases of the research process with an emphasis on literature reviews.
Students explore different phases of the research process with emphasis on literature reviews.
Students explore different types of exposition and styles of writing.
Students explore different ways to graph and make inferences from the data.
Students explore distinguishing features of a variety of plants, discovering plant classifications.
Students explore diverse fields to complement and contrast with their major fields.
Students explore downtown Boulder and write up the results from their investigations.
Students explore drama, short stories, novels, and poetry of a diverse group of writers.
Students explore dressing and traveling in space as they journey to the moon.
Students explore earth science.
Students explore electrical and mechanical drive hardware, such as motors, bearings, gears.
Students explore elements and principles of dance alone and in relation to specific dance forms.
Students explore elements of theatre design, aesthetics, theory, and backstage craftsmanship.
Students explore energy flow and allocation in aquatic systems.
Students explore environmental factors and resources affecting the health of communities.
Students explore essential maths concepts as they learn about numbers, shapes, patterns and sizes.
Students explore examples of interdependence and types of pollution.
Students explore explode many graphic and computer issues in the first year of design studios.
Students explore factors.
Students explore family life and family history to create a personal portfolio of their heritage.
Students explore fashion history from ancient Egypt to the present.
Students explore features that make flight possible . . .
Students explore field options, and agency placements are arranged by the end of the semester.
Students explore figurative and non-figurative painting on canvas.
Students explore finite and non-Euclidean geometrics.
Students explore folklife resources on the Internet.
Students explore form and color through a series of dynamic exercises from the model.
Students explore French culture.
Students explore frog anatomy and laboratory techniques by dissecting a frog on the computer screen.
Students explore fundamental concepts and procedures of the etching process.
Students explore genre, language, and context, as well as language and critical reception.
Students explore genre, point of view, openings, story development and endings.
Students explore geometric concepts and relationships using geometric tools.
Students explore geometric patterns and relationships.
Students explore geometric patterns in depth.
Students explore geometry, angles, parallel lines, triangles, polygons, area, volume, and circles.
Students explore given websites and record notes on graphic organizers as they read.
Students explore global trade by assuming the identity of exporters and importers.
Students explore graphic design, illustration and computer technology.
Students explore group process, as well as individual and family treatment.
Students explore harmony through studying triads and using the degrees of the scale.
Students explore historical events and current trends in the graying of America.
Students explore history, culture, and place.
Students explore how anatomical and physiological deficits relate to communicative pathology.
Students explore how and why to solve problems in organizational design and leadership.
Students explore how any why to solve problems in organizational design and leadership.
Students explore how levers, ramps, and pulleys can make work easier.
Students explore how living things change over their lifetime .
Students explore how race, ethnicity, class, sexual orientation, and age affect vocal expression.
Students explore how sound changes as it travels through various materials.
Students explore how the differences in the concepts of land use led to many conflicts.
Students explore how the different courses are interrelated.
Students explore how the past affects the present in all three programmes.
Students explore how the structure is organized as well as how it operates.
Students explore how they can contribute to their school and community.
Students explore how to reflect images from one mirror to another.
Students explore how to teach for knowledge, gain understanding, attitude and value change.
Students explore human impact.
Students explore human responses to crisis and relevant principles of nursing practice.
Students explore hypertext literature published on disk and on the Web.
Students explore ideas and projects with professors in an open discussion environment.
Students explore impact.
Students explore important concepts by designing and building simple models.
Students explore improvisational techniques, scene study and character development.
Students explore in depth the capabilities of the programs through demonstrations and assignments.
Students explore in-depth significant economic topics.
Students explore in-depth the most important compliance areas for research grants.
Students explore individual human behavior as it occurs in social settings.
Students explore individual styles in management, whether working alone or in teams.
Students explore influence of personal experiences.
Students explore information about blues songs, including sound clips, pictures, and biographies.
Students explore intellectual, kinesthetic, and aesthetic facets of ballet and modern dance.
Students explore interactions and interdependence among populations in a biological community.
Students explore interactions that exist among members of a population.
Students explore interface between school health and public health.
Students explore internet individually.
Students explore interpersonal communication through interviews and role-plays.
Students explore issues and strategies relevant to all stages of federal litigation.
Students explore issues of personal interest though project work.
Students explore issues regarding the shifting economic, political and military power among nations.
Students explore larger drawings with pencil, charcoal, pastel, and conte crayon.
Students explore lattice multiplication and try to figure out how it works.
Students explore laws regulating business activities, principles governing contracts, and sales.
Students explore learning skills, styles, and assess themselves as learners.
Students explore learning theory as a basis for curriculum development.
Students explore levels of meaning in pictures and the effects of visual materials on instruction.
Students explore life as pioneer settlers through role playing.
Students explore line, form, value and composition.
Students explore line, gesture, form, rhythm, space and balance.
Students explore links between education and development.
Students explore living things and their habitats.
Students explore management of the earth's resources for both development and conservation.
Students explore many different motions in the time it took perviously to explore one.
Students explore many health careers and visit at professions schools in Milwaukee and Madison.
Students explore many materials and techniques through creative problem-solving.
Students explore many ways to use leisure time effectively.
Students explore mass media, persuasion, publicity, radio and television.
Students explore materials and methods to promote boys and girls learning through construction play.
Students explore materials, techniques, painting styles, and color theory.
Students explore media selected from enameling, jewelry-making, weaving, and batik.
Students explore metal sculpture and metal work involving the fundamentals of oxyacetylene welding.
Students explore methodologies for social change within their own communities.
Students explore methods and skills necessary to mobilize community support.
Students explore methods and techniques of news gathering, news writing, and news analysis.
Students explore methods of composition, using various sound materials in assigned projects.
Students explore methods that translate research budgets into value and profits.
Students explore molecular biology and cells, genetics and evolution, and organisms and populations.
Students explore more advanced respiratory care procedures.
Students explore more intricate and complicated areas of drawing.
Students explore movement skills, body awareness, and elements of space and shape.
Students explore multiculturalism, both in theory and practice.
Students explore multiple models of distribution and the pro s and con s of each.
Students explore multiple texts as they collaborate on answering the question at hand.
Students explore music on their own and make up their own.
Students explore myths as a cultural insight into the beliefs of traditional peoples.
Students explore natural resources, natural hazards, and personal health in most units.
Students explore natural resources, vegetation, and career opportunities the state.
Students explore new formations as well as materials through practice.
Students explore new technologies, or use existing technologies in new ways.
Students explore new ways of thinking, believing, and living, and are invited to personally respond.
Students explore new ways to ensure their own career success and the vigor of the institution.
Students explore notions of development or progress.
Students explore numerous art materials and techniques.
Students explore numerous wet and dry caves, some inhabited by colonies of bats.
Students explore one or more themes related to the American political system.
Students explore one or two policy issues in depth.
Students explore operations, logistics, and quality assurance in a service industry.
Students explore opportunities and risks of producing for and buying in international markets.
Students explore options for a career in scientific or technical fields.
Students explore options for entry into the profession or to pursue advanced study.
Students explore oral, scribal, print, industrial, and post-industrial communication cultures.
Students explore organic, physical and polymer chemistry, and instrumental methods of analysis.
Students explore other examples included in the site.
Students explore other traditions of several cultures.
Students explore our ships, and find out about the work of captains and crews.
Students explore own perceptions of self identity and movement toward self-actualization.
Students explore past learning experiences and identify future educational goals.
Students explore personal attitudes and attributes and learn skills for violence prevention.
Students explore philosophical and theoretical foundations of nursing.
Students explore photo-based imagery as personal and cultural expression.
Students explore pictorial and algebraic representations of square and triangular numbers.
Students explore polyhedrons and investigate the properties of polygons and polyhedrons.
Students explore portrayals of violence on television.
Students explore possible careers through internships or gain academic credit for volunteer service.
Students explore primary colour, secondary colours, warm and cool colours using the olympic rings.
Students explore principles of health promotion through the life span in a variety of settings.
Students explore principles of mechanical design through hands-on experience.
Students explore printmaking, and ceramics and painting.
Students explore problem situations involving linear relationships.
Students explore problems involving paths, lengths of paths, perimeter, and turns.
Students explore program.
Students explore property management as a career while receiving training from professionals.
Students explore proposal development through practice.
Students explore psychological factors affecting schooling and career as a teacher.
Students explore purposes for and types of research.
Students explore qualities of individual enterprise, or the art of succeeding in a career.
Students explore questions of policy implementation and community based approaches to social change.
Students explore ramifications of possible tax revisions.
Students explore reactions to the situation.
Students explore real fur and bones as they learn about food chains.
Students explore real-world data to learn about electricity consumption trends worldwide.
Students explore real-world ethical questions confronted in the cost accounting environment.
Students explore real-world questions much as scientists do.
Students explore recycling, reuse of materials and other efforts to reduce waste.
Students explore reference materials at school, in the community, and in public libraries.
Students explore reflective thinking on their current practice in their profession.
Students explore relationships between abilities, academic accomplishments and career goals.
Students explore relationships of personal values to academic and career goals.
Students explore relevant Jewish values as they study human sexuality and reproduction.
Students explore relief, intaglio, and serigraph printing processes.
Students explore rendering conventions for orthographic and three-dimensional drawings.
Students explore resistors in series and parallel circuits.
Students explore resources outside the classroom and invite experts in to share information.
Students explore resources, processes, management, and products in the area of technical drawing.
Students explore retelling stores, readers theater, puppet shows, skits, and plays.
Students explore retelling stories, readers' theater, puppet shows, skits, and plays.
Students explore roles of educator and advocate within a changing health care delivery system.
Students explore roles, practice intervention skills and apply learning to actual systems.
Students explore Roman culture and mythology in several projects throughout the year.
Students explore scene preservation and illegally obtained evidence.
Students explore science, math, social studies, language, economics, visual arts and citizenship.
Students explore science.
Students explore scientific and ethical definitions of life and death.
Students explore scientific investigation through collaborative team projects and intensive classes.
Students explore scientific methods and the principles of wellness.
Students explore self-respect.
Students explore shapes, rotation, angle measurement, shape attributes, and geometry formulas.
Students explore similarities among languages through the study of cognates.
Students explore similarities and differences.
Students explore sketching, technical drawing, model building, and electrical devices.
Students explore skills and training required for professional and technical services.
Students explore soil to begin their lesson in plant anatomy.
Students explore some of the properties of light and heat as two major forms of energy.
Students explore spectroscopy methods of identification and characterization of chemical species.
Students explore standards as a basis for behavior.
Students explore strength.
Students explore such areas as pantomime, improvisation, monologues, and interpretations.
Students explore such concepts as gravity, friction, and oxygen.
Students explore such fields as robotics, aerodynamics and digital videography.
Students explore such topics as the impact of patronage, politics, and culture on artists.
Students explore symmetry in art class as they make hearts by folding and cutting paper.
Students explore symmetry in masks and number patterns with mirrors.
Students explore teaching and learning research.
Students explore technical post secondary programs in depth.
Students explore techniques and concepts related to painting on an advanced level.
Students explore techniques and concepts related to the art of stained glass at an advanced level.
Students explore techniques, tools and methods used by traditional animators.
Students explore the ability of lake trout to survive in a specific environment.
Students explore the activities of managing change and acting as change agent.
Students explore the activities which enhance language learning.
Students explore the advantages and disadvantages of different types of businesses.
Students explore the advantages and disadvantages of groups.
Students explore the amazing five senses, their windows to the world.
Students explore the amazing variety of instruments and their sounds.
Students explore the American legal system and are introduced to the New Jersey court system.
Students explore the angle of incidence which makes the polarization effects happen.
Students explore the application of construction methods and the nature of the materials.
Students explore the appropriate photo-imaging technique for the content of the individual image.
Students explore the areas of mixed media, collage, and individual interest.
Students explore the art of communication down through the ages in a variety of modes.
Students explore the basic needs, adaptations, and reproduction of several Texas animals.
Students explore the basic principles of food science and culinary arts.
Students explore the basic principles, practices, and categories of visual communication.
Students explore the basic science content by discussing and hypothesizing about clinical problems.
Students explore the basics of acting through exercises, games, readings, and scene work.
Students explore the biology of fungal interrelationships with plants and animals, including humans.
Students explore the cell through video, stills, and animated sequences.
Students explore the centers of human physical and cultural evolution in East and South Africa.
Students explore the changes in language and literary form that transpire over time.
Students explore the changing roles of the health care professions in an industrial nation.
Students explore the characteristics of guppies, snails and aquatic plants in classroom aquaria.
Students explore the characteristics that distinguish living from nonliving things.
Students explore the city s historical resources to produce significant historical research.
Students explore the combination of factors that influence whether an object floats or sinks.
Students explore the community and create exciting projects.
Students explore the community.
Students explore the complexities of supply and demand for outdoor recreation in America.
Students explore the concept of interference in terms of light and sound waves.
Students explore the concept of risk and how it applies to their lives.
Students explore the concepts of ecotones by visiting places where habitats overlap.
Students explore the concepts of electric fields and potential energy.
Students explore the concepts of energy, matter, weather, light, and sound, among other topics.
Students explore the concepts of place value and zero by learning about other number systems.
Students explore the concepts of survival, growth and metamorphosis.
Students explore the connection between leadership and organizational communication.
Students explore the connection between personal expression and public discourse.
Students explore the constructs of programming languages and the components of system software.
Students explore the contents of an owl pellet and recreate a skeleton of the organisms discovered.
Students explore the contexts by which art is created and how it serves society.
Students explore the controversies surrounding the media.
Students explore the creative possibilities for their future classrooms.
Students explore the creative potential of non-ferrous metals.
Students explore the critical role of business information technology in modern business.
Students explore the dangers in misunderstanding unfamiliar cultures.
Students explore the dangers of alcohol poisoning and binge drinking.
Students explore the development and evolution of the art of music from antiquity to the present.
Students explore the development of the whole child through math, science, and social studies.
Students explore the differences between substance use, abuse and addiction.
Students explore the different job areas within the multimedia field.
Students explore the different professional codes of ethics for allied health professionals.
Students explore the differential cooling effects of water and alcohol.
Students explore the dramatic changes that paved the way for today's internet commerce.
Students explore the dreams and hardships of immigrant families.
Students explore the duties of agencies at the national, state, and local levels.
Students explore the dynamic relationship between science, technology, and society.
Students explore the dynamics of interpersonal communication and team development.
Students explore the effect of an external field on a current-carrying wire in that field.
Students explore the effect of various activities on their heart rates.
Students explore the emotional and social changes of adolescence.
Students explore the evolution of antisemitism.
Students explore the evolution of behavior, social structure, and the mind.
Students explore the far reaches of the Empire cave.
Students explore the field of food science and culinary arts.
Students explore the field of work in elextricity, electronics, and robotics.
Students explore the five themes of geography as they compare their region to a city in Japan.
Students explore the food chain, including the driving forces of the sun, soil, water, and air.
Students explore the forest, learning woodland ecology through hands-on experiments and discovery.
Students explore the function of myths.
Students explore the function of various elements of dance through hand movements.
Students explore the fundamentals of color using a variety of drawing media as a bridge to painting.
Students explore the fundamentals of singing as a group.
Students explore the global spectrum of Jewish experience and identity.
Students explore the growing world of technology.
Students explore the growth and development of school-age child care in America.
Students explore the highlighted area.
Students explore the history of ideas from many different perspectives.
Students explore the history of money and how to make, save and use it wisely.
Students explore the history of multicultural education.
Students explore the history, people, and culture of Central America.
Students explore the impact of changes in contemporary Vietnam - economic, social and political.
Students explore the impact of photography in the arts from past to present.
Students explore the importance of health group interaction and responsibility.
Students explore the importance of symbols in their lives and in Russian icon painting.
Students explore the important role that remote sensing plays in predicting our weather.
Students explore the influences of playwrights and their plays on their times.
Students explore the influences of traditional storytelling in shaping present-day views of America.
Students explore the interconnections between the sciences, mathematics and other cultures.
Students explore the internal and external environments that impact business organizations.
Students explore the Internet to learn about the history of Indonesia.
Students explore the interrelationships between individuals and groups.
Students explore the issues involved in planning for construction and renovation of buildings.
Students explore the jazz idiom, both through the big-band and combo experiences.
Students explore the latest trend in imagining the inner space of the computer.
Students explore the legal process as it relates to health care.
Students explore the legal, economic, and political aspects of government regulatory activity.
Students explore the local ecology during the week long sessions.
Students explore the management of acute and chronic illnesses throughout the lifespan.
Students explore the many cultural aspects of the historic site using activity sheets.
Students explore the many possibilities and techniques involved in making a print.
Students explore the many ways in which the computer is used as an effective artistic medium.
Students explore the many ways of thinking about knowledge, teaching and learning.
Students explore the many ways that energy flows through their watershed.
Students explore the marsh.
Students explore the mathematical meaning of rotation in the context of creating tessellations.
Students explore the meaning of Christian stewardship and the philosophy of work.
Students explore the meaning of culture, stereotypes, ethnocentrism and subcultures.
Students explore the meaning of risk through a simple exercise in probability.
Students explore the mechanisms behind catching and transmitting bacterial and viral diseases.
Students explore the mechanisms of color change and the importance of camouflage adaptation.
Students explore the mediums of watercolor, oil or acrylic painting.
Students explore the museum and find answers for their worksheet.
Students explore the necessary steps to follow in planning a trip.
Students explore the needs of living things at a biochemical level.
Students explore the neighborhood and and all the people who live there.
Students explore the olympic games and traditions.
Students explore the original and decide for themselves.
Students explore the pattern of change over time in the height of a ball thrown into the air.
Students explore the philosophy of naturopathic medicine in case studies and individual projects.
Students explore the physical, biological, and historical significance of the study area.
Students explore the physical, social, cognitive, and emotional development of school-age children.
Students explore the plastic possibilities of various concepts, forms and processes.
Students explore the possibilities of surface tension.
Students explore the possibilities within the process and ideas they develop.
Students explore the potentials of computers and software in developing their imagery and ideas.
Students explore the precision, calm, and personal modifications of each pose.
Students explore the principles of object- oriented programming, including classes and inheritance.
Students explore the problems, responsibilities, and accountability inherent in child care.
Students explore the process of conceptualizing a play from script to final production.
Students explore the process of doing science in the context of age appropriate topics.
Students explore the properties of odd and even numbers under various operations.
Students explore the properties of sequences and series, conic sections, and vectors.
Students explore the properties of sound in terms of frequency and percieved loudness and pitch.
Students explore the property of closure for a variety of sets of numbers under various operations.
Students explore the psychological and communications bases underlying behavior in organizations.
Students explore the purpose of various business transactions.
Students explore the reasons for the census.
Students explore the regulation of legal assistants, ethics, privilege and ABA considerations.
Students explore the relationship between electricity and magnetism by making electromagnets.
Students explore the relationship between plants and their pollinators.
Students explore the relationship of ideas to materials and construction techniques.
Students explore the relationships among business owners, investors, regulators, and communities.
Students explore the relationships among personality, the written word and the image.
Students explore the rock cycle by observing and modeling earth processes with modeling clay.
Students explore the role and responsibilities of certified therapists.
Students explore the role of nourishment as it applies to developmental models.
Students explore the role of public relations in the integrated marketing communication mix.
Students explore the role of public relations in the Integrated Marketing Communication mix.
Students explore the role of religious belief in the course of human history.
Students explore the root causes of Biodiversity loss, along with strategies for conservation.
Students explore the scope of the surveyors' judiciary role in real property ownership.
Students explore the sea star.
Students explore the sequence of triangular numbers, first with manipulatives and then using tables.
Students explore the significant steps behind the seafaring arts as they turned to science.
Students explore the similarities and differences between United States and Japanese cultures.
Students explore the site and answer questions on the worksheet.
Students explore the skills needed for successful creative writing.
Students explore the social, economic, historical, and religious experiences that shape each group.
Students explore the sociological and psychological factors of dress.
Students explore the solar system and create presentations using pictures and video.
Students explore the states of matter through fun experiments.
Students explore the structural and pathophysiological ramifications of actual medical cases.
Students explore the study of behavior from both the empirical and the theoretical perspectives.
Students explore the sun's power by making and testing solar water heaters.
Students explore the susceptibility of growth and development of organisms to external factors.
Students explore the synthesis and physical properties of conducting polymers.
Students explore the techniques of acting, public speaking, pantomime and improvisation.
Students explore the theme of war through a variety of children's books.
Students explore the theory and practice of management in food service.
Students explore the time required to dissolve different aspirin tablets in acid and basic media.
Students explore the unique flavors of German recipes and one-dish menus.
Students explore the unity and diversity of human experience.
Students explore the use of new and unusual materials.
Students explore the use of observational methods in research and policy analysis.
Students explore the use of paint programs, hyperstudio, videos, and interactive videos.
Students explore the use of primary sources in research.
Students explore the use of technology as a learning and teaching tool in the mathematics classroom.
Students explore the uses of light, thermal, electrical, and sound energies.
Students explore the variables that determine a group's effectiveness.
Students explore the varied dimensions of reflective leadership in diverse and democratic schools.
Students explore the variety of Native American cultures in a fun and informative on-line format.
Students explore the various means of digital motion graphics.
Students explore the waterfront for clues about their past and their future.
Students explore the way in which problems can be transformed into opportunities.
Students explore the ways historians have thought about the human experience.
Students explore the ways in which German unification has been reflected in German literature.
Students explore the web to gather and report information.
Students explore the wonders of science through chemistry, biology, and physics experiments.
Students explore the workings of our world via a variety of projects and investigations.
Students explore the workplace and communities.
Students explore the workplace in communities.
Students explore the workplace in the communities.
Students explore the world of art and artists who work in that world.
Students explore the world of computing as it relates to various areas of ministry.
Students explore the world of literature through excerpts and novels, poems and short stories.
Students explore the world of weather with a focus on rain.
Students explore the world of work .
Students explore the world of work as it relates to their values, interests and abilities.
Students explore the world of work through enrollment in a variety of vocational classes.
Students explore the world's biomes with online field guides and produce a display of findings.
Students explore the writing of past and present authors as they gain an appreciation for Mono Lake.
Students explore their chosen disciplines in depth as part of their major programs.
Students explore their communities and create math problems that relate to what they find.
Students explore their conceptions of the heroic.
Students explore their concerns in history, theory, critical evaluation, and production of art.
Students explore their designated theme via a rich, multidisciplinary course of study.
Students explore their feelings about aging through simulation techniques.
Students explore their ideas about history and who writes it.
Students explore their impact on the water cycle, nutrient cycles and their watershed.
Students explore their individual directions with the consultation of instructor.
Students explore their individual directions with the consultation of the instructor.
Students explore their own and others' ways of perceiving literary texts.
Students explore their own areas of interest and learn at their own pace.
Students explore their own assumptions about what constitutes good teaching and learning.
Students explore their own attitudes and approaches to other cultures.
Students explore their own history of touch through an autobiography and journal.
Students explore their own ideas about survival of living things in balanced ecosystems.
Students explore their own leadership interventions.
Students explore their own sexual identities and their values regarding sexual behavior.
Students explore their relationships to their communities, countries and the world.
Students explore their talents and cultivate acting skills.
Students explore themes behind performances.
Students explore themes of industrialization, immigration, and historic preservation.
Students explore themselves and learn how to move forward in life.
Students explore themselves, their workplace and their world from a critical standpoint.
Students explore theoretical and practical alternatives in counseling the stressed individual.
Students explore theories of particular architectural movements, both historical and modern.
Students explore theory and research as well as practical applications related to management.
Students explore together.
Students explore tone, value and contrast on and around figural work to show realistic space.
Students explore topic areas integral to grizzly bear survival.
Students explore topic either independently or in a small group.
Students explore topics in art, science, humanities, math, writing, or technology.
Students explore topics in number theory, cryptography, and dynamics.
Students explore topics, gather data, develop working theories, and test and modify hypotheses.
Students explore trade by acting as exporters and importers.
Students explore traditional and contemporary production techniques.
Students explore traditional and digital photography, as well as desktop and web publishing.
Students explore traditions of African cultures.
Students explore transfer options and career choices in environmental studies and human ecology.
Students explore trees in and around the classroom and school site.
Students explore two different objects and record their observations about the objects' properties.
Students explore two main texts throughout the course.
Students explore typical personnel management situations that arise in a technical organization.
Students explore unit rates as a tool for simplifying comparisons.
Students explore use of affixes at home to compile word lists to share at school.
Students explore using a variety of media.
Students explore variations in climate around the world.
Students explore various advanced nursing roles.
Students explore various advanced technologies and tools currently used by Internet professionals.
Students explore various careers related to the field of Family and Consumer Science.
Students explore various cultures through the study of music and music history.
Students explore various genres of children's literature.
Students explore various input devices, their application, and use by individuals with disabilities.
Students explore various media through which they can develop their creativity.
Students explore various mediums of print and visual communications.
Students explore various methods in academic writing.
Students explore various processes, materials, techniques, tools and studio safety.
Students explore various standards and tools currently used by Internet professionals.
Students explore various themes and learn about Canadian life.
Students explore various types of media and the impact on their lives and society as a whole.
Students explore vector and raster based environments.
Students explore verse texts, historically oriented acting styles, voice and movement techniques.
Students explore versions of the writing process and construct units of material for use in class.
Students explore visual communications in the widest sense of the word.
Students explore water quality issues using problem-based learning.
Students explore ways in which food provides energy and materials for our bodies.
Students explore ways.
Students explore weather systems by observing , measuring , and recording local conditions.
Students explore weather systems by observing, measuring, and recording local conditions.
Students explore what a copy editor does and take a copyediting test.
Students explore what it is like to set up and run their own business.
Students explore why each work was created and what makes it worthy of performance.
Students explore wolves' territory and learn about their living habits and family structure.
Students explore women's roles in society from cross-cultural and a Canadian perspective.
Students explore worker health and safety rights and learn to read and interpret a site safety plan.
Students explore works of art through inquiry-based discussions.
Students explore world issues as they relate to interdependence, global views, culture and families.
Students explore, create, and analyze scientific data.
Students explore, rather than read, the case study.
Students explore, solve problems, and construct knowledge rather than just memorizing it.
Students expose all three flasks to a heat source, for example an electric space heater.
Students expose and process bitewing radiographs on manikins evolving to lab and clinic patients.
Students expose the structures, functions, problems, and criticisms of each medium.
Students express an understanding of technological systems and their complex interrelationships.
Students express and explain a definition or concept of art.
Students express care and concern for each other in the classroom and on the playground.
Students express concern about the estuary habitat.
Students express concern over the lack of spirit and community within the school.
Students express concern.
Students express form in traditional ways and experiment in personal style and technique.
Students express ideas using word processing to compose, create and refine writing.
Students express informed, reflective views on current events in the arts.
Students express interest.
Students express knowledge.
Students express mathematical ideas coherently and clearly to peers, teachers, and others.
Students express results using mathematics and graphics.
Students express satisfaction with the physical environment such as classrooms and labs.
Students express satisfaction with the quality of their educational experience.
Students express strength of program is the interaction with faculty members, with one exception.
Students express support for the plan to invest in the technology.
Students express the meaning of phrases, sentences and passages in their own words.
Students express their concern and commitment.
Students express their ideas using various content areas of the newspaper.
Students express their interpretation of the value through essays, poems, and art.
Students express their opinions about the threat of nuclear war.
Students express their opinions on new driving laws.
Students express their own creativity.
Students express their own ideas through meaningful writing experiences.
Students express their perspectives and the teacher maintains the role of official.
Students express their view points in terms local youth understand.
Students express themselves creatively through music, art, and writing.
Students express themselves through art, writing, music and photography based upon a theme.
Students extend a given pattern using tiles or pattern blocks.
Students extend and enhance control of composing and rhetorical processes.
Students extend programs provided by the instructor and develop new programs.
Students extend the lesson by choosing three of four or five research options.
Students extend their analysis by formulating a new hypothesis based on their observations.
Students extend their learning into the community using community resources.
Students extend their musical interests and expertise through coursework and private lessons.
Students extend their understanding by examining global population distribution and patterns.
Students extend their understanding of the concepts of angle measure.
Students extend their understanding of the number system as they work with tenths and hundredths.
Students extend their understanding of trees as a growing, changing, living part of their world.
Students extend their understanding of whole numbers through the study of fractions and decimals.
Students extensively use the Internet for their own research.
Students extensively utilize the campus for class projects as well as undergraduate research.
Students extinguish a simulated small-bomb fire in the trainer.
Students extract chlorophyll spinach leaves.
Students extract DNA from duck blood and learn about karyotyping and forensic DNA profiling.
Students extract DNA from humans, plants, bacteria and animals.
Students extract phenolp.
Students extract the crime, reason, and punishment suggested from the written texts.
Students fabricate a piezoresistive bulk-micromachined silicon pressure sensor.
Students fabricate and finish their project using various techniques.
Students fabricate and test one or two mirrors that can be used to make a telescope.
Students fabricate maxillary and mandibular dentures.
Students fabricate their own works in our excellent facilities.
Students face a challenge and with each success, they have the confidence to try something new.
Students face a confusing array of tests and assessments.
Students face a constant struggle getting through university.
Students face a financial squeeze.
Students face a formidable task when it comes time to make career decisions.
Students face a future full of choice and change.
Students face a great difficulty to focus.
Students face a moral battering.
Students face a panel of experts from a variety of fields.
Students face a partner and share information provided.
Students face a variety of difficult ethical questions.
Students face a variety of health, educational, and social challenges at increasing levels.
Students face a world where conflicting forces influence their beliefs and character development.
Students face academic challenges as they are exposed to many new ideas.
Students face assessments all the time.
Students face challenges in thinking and writing both stories.
Students face complicated problems that can only be solved using higher-level mathematics.
Students face detention and possible suspension for violation of the policy.
Students face different constraints than our commercial customers.
Students face difficulty.
Students face each other, bow, and step into natural ready position.
Students face each other, bow, and step into regular ready position as in their form.
Students face eating disorders .
Students face fees for Internet.
Students face financial pressures as never before.
Students face immense pressure from their culture to drink.
Students face malicious harassment every day.
Students face many choices every day.
Students face many new situations and decision making tests for the first time in their lives.
Students face many of the same difficulties, real or perceived, that principals face.
Students face many pressures.
Students face real-world problems involving shopping, pizza, and, of course, teachers.
Students face rising costs.
Students face scheduling nightmare .
Students face similar distractions.
Students face suspension and possible expulsion for violation of the safety rule.
Students face the challenge of entering a community as an outsider and gaining the trust of others.
Students face the dilemma of security wars.
Students face the problem of selecting the optimal sampling method only in the first stage.
Students face the space representing the river.
Students face the wall or each other.
Students facing difficulty in their academic progress are in academic trouble.
Students facing particular difficulties can apply for hardship funds and hardship loans.
Students facing suspension also have liberty interest.
Students facing terminals look away from whiteboard.
Students facing terminals look toward whiteboard.
Students factor algebraic equations.
Students fail because of their inability to cope with the reality of learning at a distance.
Students fail to build effectively on previous findings.
Students fail to get the correct information and can resent the topic if it is presented poorly.
Students fail to include information about housing or do so with many errors and incomplete data.
Students fail to keep copies of important documents.
Students fail to realize the importance of democracy.
Students failing a course require a departmental recommendation to continue.
Students failing in up to two examinations can write supplemetary examinations.
Students failing to be present for an exam receive a zero for that exam.
Students failing to do so jeopardize completing core requirements in a timely fashion.
Students failing to turn in initial attendance cards can lose classes.
Students failing to withdraw officially from a course are liable for full tuition and fees.
Students fall down on essays in one of two areas.
Students fall in behind and besides the band as it marches to yell practice.
Students fall into anonymity even in small classes.
Students fall into bed with whoever catches their fleeting fancy.
Students fall into one of the more challenging media demographic cells.
Students fall somewhere on the continuum shaped by the descriptions provided here.
Students familiarize themselves with basic defense.
Students familiarize themselves with some of the most recent developments in the field.
Students familiarize themselves with synonyms and antonyms for list words.
Students familiarize themselves with the best models and develop skills in their own translation.
Students familiarize themselves with the text on the computer, and then read the paperback text.
Students favor adding a career emphasis to their curriculum.
Students fax stories to the local newspaper for publication in the teen section.
Students fax their essays to Stephens for grading.
Students fear becoming involved in formal procedures.
Students fear being disowned, cut off financially, or pulled out of college.
Students fear being embarrassed and getting arrested.
Students fear that their classes have already gotten too large.
Students fear the transition to employment because they expect workplace discrimination.
Students feed a variety of fish from the dock by our man-made lake.
Students feed back into ongoing developments through online participation.
Students feed, walk, and care for animals waiting for adoption.
Students feel a certain helplessness when it comes to employment issues.
Students feel a great amount of academic stress in the first year of college.
Students feel a real sense of accomplishment when their designs are made into actual containers.
Students feel a sense of belonging where they are known on an individual basis.
Students feel a sense of belonging.
Students feel a sense of pride about who caught the most insects.
Students feel accountable for behavior.
Students feel alienated from what, arguably, are important keys to learning and living.
Students feel an identity with it.
Students feel appreciated for their strengths, as well as more aware of their developmental needs.
Students feel as if they are contributing to solving a problem.
Students feel as if they have a voice.
Students feel as though they lack due process.
Students feel at ease here.
Students feel at ease to take risks.
Students feel at first as if they are in a strange new land.
Students feel at home and like the variety of classes, teaching methods, and projects offered.
Students feel better about their own intelligences and often learn more as a result.
Students feel closer to their classmates and teachers because they spend more quality time together.
Students feel comfortable asking each other for help.
Students feel comfortable asking the questions needed to overcome the barriers of growth.
Students feel comfortable using their imaginations.
Students feel comfortable with such nonthreatening software.
Students feel comfortable with their own differences.
Students feel connected to one another, to the faculty and to the alumnae.
Students feel empowered by doing research that has a real-world impact.
Students feel empowered by the publishing and sparks ignite.
Students feel empowered, like they can get their hands on materials.
Students feel every contributed dollar.
Students feel extremely safe at school.
Students feel fewer stigmas than when they are pulled out for special instruction.
Students feel free to check it out.
Students feel free to come in and read in a casual atmosphere.
Students feel free to debate intellectual ideas and even challenge the instructor.
Students feel free to disagree with teachers, peers in a peaceable manner.
Students feel free to disagree with the instructor.
Students feel free to share their problems and questions with leaders they can relate to.
Students feel free to take risks in an environment where they can think out loud.
Students feel frustrated, over-whelmed and that leads to a sense of insecurity.
Students feel good about accomplishing an activity.
Students feel good about themselves.
Students feel good about working there, and it can go the other way.
Students feel great pride when they print out their tables and charts.
Students feel helped rather than instructed by the tutor.
Students feel instantly connected to the school through their homeroom.
Students feel it is an interesting and effective method to study the Constitution.
Students feel it's important to have condoms available at school.
Students feel left out.
Students feel less alienated and more connected in small focus schools.
Students feel less successful in dealing with campus bureaucracy.
Students feel like readers then.
Students feel like they are dealing with real problems, rather than reporting on past events.
Students feel more alert, more ready to learn.
Students feel more at home when there is reading material designed to supplement the computer.
Students feel more confident making creative choices without an audience.
Students feel more connected to their professors with their link through the websites.
Students feel more empowered and responsible for their learning.
Students feel more inclined to participate in class when they see a model of professors in dialogue.
Students feel more isolated.
Students feel more open to trying ideas out.
Students feel more professional in uniforms, like it's time for work.
Students feel more responsible for their education because they have a personal commitment to it.
Students feel more successful when they can do the math assignment by themselves.
Students feel more valued.
Students feel motivated when teachers are always regular and on time in the class.
Students feel nurtured and cared for.
Students feel ownership in their school.
Students feel personally known and cared for by at least one adult in the school.
Students feel positive about the class and find the lessons enjoyable.
Students feel pressure.
Students feel proud of their work.
Students feel quite comfortable talking to their peers, even if they are thousands of miles away.
Students feel refreshed and alert.
Students feel responsibility.
Students feel responsible to the group, which increases motivation and class cohesiveness.
Students feel safe and encouraged to take chances in learning.
Students feel safe and secure at school.
Students feel safe at school.
Students feel safer since they know the staff.
Students feel safer walking to school.
Students feel safer.
Students feel secure and they are respectful of others.
Students feel segregated in the dorms from peers including other freshmen.
Students feel stressed by excessive and overwhelming requirements and conflicting responsibilities.
Students feel success.
Students feel successful and confident using technology, which increases their motivation to learn.
Students feel supported in taking risks to think independently and to hone new skills.
Students feel supported in their aspirations for educational and professional development.
Students feel that because of the reduced contact time, the study guide is very important.
Students feel that exercise is shameful.
Students feel that graduating to an inline, open hole model is a rite of passage.
Students feel that if they show up for class and take notes, then they have done their part.
Students feel that impact.
Students feel that the advisor is a good connection for career information.
Students feel that the faculty has listened and are more responsive to listen to the faculty.
Students feel that the institution is responsive to student academic needs in all domains.
Students feel that the pronunciation class is relevant to their regular course work.
Students feel that their voices have been heard.
Students feel that they are a part of a family.
Students feel that they are able to really speak and think out loud.
Students feel that they are contributing to a greater goal.
Students feel that they are given chances to do well and to learn.
Students feel that they are important members of the school community.
Students feel that they are now partners in their own learning.
Students feel that they are part of the assessment process.
Students feel that they write only for passing the exams.
Students feel that when they speak, people listen with open minds, open hearts, and open ears.
Students feel the power of being a community of learners.
Students feel the pressure.
Students feel the same way.
Students feel the teacher shortage.
Students feel their pulse to determine their resting heart rate.
Students feel their work is relevant and meaningful.
Students feel they are being listened to.
Students feel they are getting 'the skinny' on something that's important to their lives.
Students feel they are given good awareness of career opportunities.
Students feel they are going to have to register before they meet with their adviser.
Students feel they are losing direct contact with new, non-tenured faculty.
Students feel they are now understanding the concepts.
Students feel they deserve a break.
Students feel they have a chance to be seen in a new way.
Students feel they have no forum at which to speak freely, or fear repercussions if they do.
Students feel they learn more than they have ever learned in any course they have ever taken.
Students feel threatened by their peers.
Students feel very comfortable knowing there's another area if they get tired of where they are.
Students feel very comfortable on our campus.
Students feel very comfortable working with an older student.
Students feel well prepared to cope with adult life.
Students feel well prepared to cope with adult relationships.
Students feel well prepared to cope with the responsibilities of work.
Students feel, and some faculty agree, that the questions are increasingly of the final exam type.
Students feel, worry, love and hate at the same time they listen, read, study and write.
Students feeling stress and having difficulty studying for exams have several routes to take.
Students feels more at ease.
Students fertilize eggs under the microscope, using gametes collected by the teacher.
Students fight sweatshops . . .
Students fight their teachers, who turn out to be Aliens.
Students fight with difficulty in reading levels and in locating answers to their questions.
Students fight with police in Zambian capital after break-up of opposition rally.
Students figure basal metabolism.
Students figure out how many of each bill or coin they expect to get back when paying for something.
Students figure out percentage of each color in a bag of candy, and analyze the results.
Students figure out where to begin.
Students figure profit and loss daily.
Students file an electronic work order over the Internet.
Students file in and shake the recruiter's hand.
Students file into the building in a safe and orderly way, dressed in their school uniforms.
Students file petitions in order to obtain special consideration on an academic matter.
Students file the Completion of Degree Requirements Form six weeks prior to their graduation date.
Students file to their classrooms or to breakfast.
Students fill a detailed confidential form describing their living habits.
Students fill a form at the end of each semester to choose movies for the coming semester.
Students fill a variety of opportunities and take on challenging projects.
Students fill each cup with potting soil.
Students fill in a chart and discuss the broad shape of Israel s past.
Students fill in a paper gel by shading in lines on a piece of logarithmic scale paper.
Students fill in bar graphs to show ten of the best-selling children's books of all time.
Students fill in information for their topic of research.
Students fill in reflection sheets.
Students fill in root words, and the definitions are explained to help students solve the questions.
Students fill in the answers and squares on the worksheet.
Students fill in the blank cells with relevant facts or concepts.
Students fill in the blank spaces using the clues given.
Students fill in the blank with the correct word.
Students fill in the blanks to review the dangers of smoking.
Students fill in the blanks with the appropriate idiom.
Students fill in the blanks with their own creative explanations.
Students fill in the chart with as many ideas as they can.
Students fill in the information taking the sketches as cues.
Students fill in the letters as they roll over the square.
Students fill in the map, writing the item onto the desk on the map.
Students fill in the missing words as they listen to the song.
Students fill in the names of classmates, including self in a random order.
Students fill in the resulting boxes with their research.
Students fill in their answers on a chart as below.
Students fill in their answers on special grids on the answer sheet.
Students fill in verbs, adjectives, nouns, etc. into a template.
Students fill in worksheet showing the number of servings necessary for each food group.
Students fill in, print out, and submit their applications.
Students fill leadership roles and provide music.
Students fill leave with a self- made sample book of techniques.
Students fill out a feedback form on their own draft.
Students fill out a form for their clinic choice, complete with a resume and writing sample.
Students fill out a preference form to help match students with similar habits and tastes.
Students fill out a profile and then search through the data base.
Students fill out a questionnaire assessing their access and familiarity with Internet technologies.
Students fill out a registration and deposit money at bookstore locations.
Students fill out a sheet that show leadership and service.
Students fill out a voter registration cards.
Students fill out an on-line profile in the scholarship search.
Students fill out an online web-based form that describes their learning and actual experience.
Students fill out applications that allow three career exploration options.
Students fill out bubble sheets that are electronically scored.
Students fill out carrel preference forms.
Students fill out course demographic form.
Students fill out form and have the instructor sign for each add and drop listed on the form.
Students fill out historical head worksheets, then fill in a picture of a hollow head.
Students fill out mock applications and rehearse interviews.
Students fill out necessary forms for placements and are given information about placement options.
Students fill out project contracts, sign and turn in.
Students fill out questionnaires that are used to structure the discussions.
Students fill out referral cards and set appointments for interviews.
Students fill out requested information.
Students fill out survey sheets indicating activities they are qualified for as volunteers.
Students fill out the appropriate paperwork at the study abroad pre-departure meetings.
Students fill out the college or university application form for the intended college.
Students fill out the current application form to determine eligibility.
Students fill out the forms with their name, lunch number, and the amount.
Students fill out the on-line forms, tests and quizzes.
Students fill out the online order form and submit.
Students fill out the questionnaire contained in the manual.
Students fill out the student handout and report to class, using world map.
Students fill out the student worksheet as they explore the sites.
Students fill out the survey and share their thoughts with their neighbor.
Students fill out the survey with their families' help.
Students fill out the worksheets together and both sign their names.
Students fill out three different job applications.
Students fill out time cards that are signed by the faculty sponsor and are paid biweekly. .
Students fill out weekly time sheets.
Students fill out worksheet of where to find fruits and vegetables.
Students fill prescriptions and complete all required pricing and record keeping functions.
Students fill primary production roles in preproduction, production, and postproduction.
Students fill shapes with blocks.
Students fill the bottle with water all the way to the top.
Students fill the center and the labs with their presence every day.
Students fill the classrooms, and backpacks line the hallways.
Students fill the eyedropper with water so that it just barely floats.
Students fill the mid-level management function within the cadet corps.
Students fill the top level management function within the cadet corps.
Students fill the tub with water, give it a spin, pull the plug, and watch it drain.
Students fill the turbidity tube with the water sample.
Students fill-in missing information.
Students filter out gradually, but deep into the noon hour there are still hundreds here.
Students finalize and send their questions.
Students finalize the course outline.
Students finally defend their proposal and completed dissertation.
Students finally get a glimpse of their own inner lives.
Students finally graph their results on the final results graph.
Students finance their education primarily from outside sources.
Students find a balance to their academics in athletics.
Students find a choice of rural, suburban, or urban living in all price ranges.
Students find a comprehensive curriculum in language.
Students find a frame of reference in their own experience when they pose a question.
Students find a fruit of interest and write facts on index cards about their fruit.
Students find a homestay programme here.
Students find a majority of peers who share their Christian beliefs at the university.
Students find a moderate climate with mild winters and spectacular springs and falls.
Students find a newspaper or magazine article that discusses police brutality.
Students find a partner and they each read the same book.
Students find a sense of accomplishment and gain essential work experience.
Students find a statement about aims to be a helpful overview.
Students Find a student web page using the first letter of their last name.
Students find a supportive community on our urban campus.
Students find a variety of silly objects in each deceptively simple picture.
Students find a way through a simple maze.
Students find a Web site to be a valuable supplement to a poetry anthology.
Students find ability.
Students find all possible math facts for the given number.
Students find an authentic recipe.
Students find and discuss ideas for writing and categorizing their ideas.
Students find and examine examples of good and bad application forms.
Students find and generate interdisciplinary connections.
Students find and negotiate their own employment.
Students find and record the probability of eating each individual color.
Students find and respond to specific information.
Students find and use multiple sources of information and learn to categorize information.
Students find and work with an informant.
Students find answers.
Students find articles about e-mail and press releases from the Internet.
Students find articles.
Students find books, periodical articles, and newspapers by following written instructions.
Students find both incidental and integral use of computers in a variety of courses and disciplines.
Students find careers.
Students find cell pathology interesting if they are contemplating a career in biomedical research.
Students find challenging careers in hospitals, clinics, and insurance companies.
Students find circular objects and then use the objects to find the pattern of pi.
Students find clinical teamwork stimulating and thrive in interdisciplinary settings.
Students find common visual characteristic, which is six legs.
Students find creative inspiration in the spring bulbs.
Students find creative ways to occupy their time away from their books.
Students find decimal estimates for fractions using the visual model.
Students find delight in the interdisciplinary variety of content and with the heresy of overlap.
Students find details.
Students find disc golf a relaxing outdoor activity.
Students find distances on a map using a scale.
Students find electron density models easy to use as well.
Students find elements of the principles in nearly all their classes.
Students find employment on their own.
Students find errors in grammar, punctuation, and usage in different sentences.
Students find examples of forces that are produced using elasticity and springs.
Students find exchanges very rewarding both personally and academically.
Students find exploring real- world problems more engaging when given global access to information.
Students find faculty who are concerned and interested.
Students find great educational rigor but also the freedom to pursue their individual interests.
Students find group tests less stressful.
Students find here the most comprehensive guidelines for preparing business plans.
Students find Honors courses and faculty both challenging and stimulating.
Students find housing in furnished and unfurnished apartments available throughout the area.
Students find housing off-campus as early as the fall or as late as the summer.
Students find images of unusual items taken from the Japanese sites.
Students find in the Zoo a resource of a variety of studies.
Students find information about recipe.
Students find information about the league, specific players, dates of games, and results.
Students find information about the movies and theaters.
Students Find information on student complaint procedures.
Students find information quickly with each book's illustrated table of contents.
Students find information.
Students find interesting places to visit and write a story about their trip.
Students find it a valuable tool to communicate among themselves and with the instructor.
Students find it advantageous to have exposure to calculus and economics at the collegiate level.
Students find it amusing to cast celebrities as the pilgrims when they complete the seating chart.
Students find it an excellent way to hone debating, discussion and writing skills.
Students find it convenient to own computer.
Students find it difficult to concentrate even when they try very hard.
Students find it difficult to locate the argument within historical narrative.
Students find it difficult to visualise the construction processes such as concreting.
Students find it easier to speak to groups of three or four than to an entire class.
Students find it easier to transfer course work or licenses from state to state if necessary.
Students find it easy to use and like receiving instant results.
Students find it enjoyable.
Students find it especially helpful to have their own computer when doing a third year project.
Students find it even more difficult.
Students find it excessively wordy, but have found the details helpful.
Students find it far more convenient and flexible.
Students find it hard to know how to structure practical experience on the web into their essays.
Students find it hard to sit in a life class for three or more hours.
Students find it interesting and beneficial reading, however.
Students find it interesting that the five greatest ages are grouped away from the rest.
Students find it is much more expensive to live on campus even with buying a limited meal package.
Students find it much easier and more enjoyable to gain new knowledge.
Students find it particularly helpful for material for their final year theses.
Students find it powerful.
Students find it quite entertaining.
Students find it takes energy to make energy.
Students find it uncomfortable to reveal personal things to people that they have to live with.
Students find it valuable to have a reference or develop contacts through a mini-pupillage.
Students find it very frustrating.
Students find it very helpful for doing homework and working out concepts.
Students find it very helpful.
Students find it very relaxing and calming, and enjoy having a woman's voice on the tape.
Students find it very useful to their research work.
Students find jobs upon graduation and possesses lifetime learning skills.
Students find joy and satisfaction in self-expression.
Students find joy in learning.
Students find large classes impersonal and less satisfying.
Students find 'lecture notes' a valuable resource.
Students find library instruction more meaningful when it is relevant and course-integrated.
Students Find links to many resources for returning students.
Students find magazine pictures that begin with a designed letter.
Students find many exercises appended to each chapter.
Students find materials.
Students find maximum area and then extend the process to maximize the surface area of soap bubbles.
Students find mentor's suggested sites and provide feedback on their quality, helpfulness, etc.
Students find mind mapping to be a very useful technique in generating original project ideas.
Students find most chapters to be interesting and involving.
Students find new ways of expressing themselves while building self-confidence.
Students find notes.
Students find other ways to avoid bookstore prices.
Students find others to figure with their number in that math problem.
Students find our courses testing and satisfying.
Students find our program descriptions an aid in their study of environmental topics.
Students find out about instinctive and learned behaviors.
Students find out as they play with circuits.
Students find out for themselves by making ice rafts in the teacher's lounge refrigerator.
Students find out how community links are maintained in different settings.
Students find out how sunlight heats Earth.
Students find out if they have a nurturing nature by working in the campus greemhouse.
Students find out if they have a nurturing nature by working in the campus greenhouse.
Students find out more about each other and learn how groups can work together as a whole.
Students find out more about genetic engineering.
Students find out more about their partners' region.
Students find out that faculty are real people.
Students find out the typical high and low summer temperatures for Mars.
Students find out their ethnic origins and discuss the many places from which they originate.
Students find out their results and initial course placements immediately.
Students find out what role Spain played during the Holocaust or other such crimes against humanity.
Students find out what they are capable of when they actively express facts, ideas, and feelings.
Students find out what zoos are doing and what individuals can do to help protect animals.
Students find out where they matched.
Students find own housing easily, through the housing office and resident director.
Students find patterns in a hundred number chart.
Students find postgraduate degree programmes rewarding in three different ways.
Students find practical applications for the skills taught in their classes.
Students find printed copies of slides useful for note-taking.
Students find procedures.
Students find projects which relate to their everyday lives.
Students find recipes based on certain part of the nutrition pyramid.
Students find refuge here after long days of classes or big exams.
Students find resources, and faculty guide students to information and resources.
Students find resources.
Students find roommates through student advertisements around campus.
Students find school to be enjoyable and rewarding.
Students find science exciting as young children.
Students find sites that are supporting examples of rules generated.
Students find solutions.
Students find specific information more useful than general introductory information.
Students find strategies.
Students find study space in the library.
Students find success as producers and users of knowledge.
Students find success.
Students find successful careers.
Students find such materials.
Students find such tattletaling more obnoxious than a whack on the hind quarters.
Students find suitable thesis problems and supervisors with the help of the faculty.
Students find syllabi helpful.
Students find testing can yield many positive results in the future.
Students find that becoming involved in athletic programs enriches their college years.
Students find that by explaining to others, they come to a better understanding of the concept.
Students find that certain technologies better promote certain learning activities.
Students find that computers and electronic design automation are used extensively in their courses.
Students find that DECA is the most effective way to develop leadership skills.
Students find that foreign study enhances their education immensely.
Students find that intimidating, or so they say.
Students find that mastering modern report-generator software is very rewarding.
Students find that speaking mathematically is quite a demanding task.
Students find that the course structure is evolving over time to accomodate various needs.
Students find that the faculty accommodates individual ways of language learning.
Students find that the graphical interface makes the program quick to learn and easy to use.
Students find that the small intimate setting fosters the spirit of the early Christian community.
Students find that the study lounge is a convenient place to study between classes.
Students find that their professors have real-world and academic backgrounds.
Students find that their wages are a welcome source of income for paying their educational expenses.
Students find that they achieve their objectives better in cooperative teams.
Students find that they are very well prepared for graduate schools.
Students find that they can focus on their work and fight fatigue.
Students find the additional income helpful in financing their education.
Students find the adverbs used in the first part of the paper with their second readers.
Students find the analysis of real people more meaningful.
Students find the answers as they explore proper skin and nail care.
Students find the area of huge dinosaur footprints that they find taped to the classroom floor.
Students find the area they live in on the map and compare it geographically to others.
Students find the area where they live on the map and compare it geographically to others.
Students find the atmosphere so welcoming that the kosher kitchen is always crowded.
Students find the book compelling and readable.
Students find the calculators amazing and love the assistance they provide in solving problems.
Students find the city of Geneva readily accessible.
Students find the concentration of salt in an unknown solution.
Students find the course extremely challenging and demanding.
Students find the course thought-provoking, challenging and very enjoyable.
Students find the density solid objects.
Students find the department an enjoyable and stimulating place to pursue graduate studies.
Students find the diaries fascinating and can t help learning as they travel through the features.
Students find the environment safe and welcoming.
Students find the equator.
Students find the equipment easy to use and quickly learn to perform experiments.
Students find the experience is nothing like baby-sitting.
Students find the faculty approachable, and appreciate the advice and direction offered.
Students find the focal length of a lens.
Students find the information available in several formats.
Students find the Internet adds a motivating and valuable component to the course.
Students find the line of best fit to a given distribution of data using least squares regression.
Students find the lines of symmetry in the letters of the alphabet and in numerals.
Students find the most valuable way to learn is from other students.
Students find the necessary information.
Students find the North Pole.
Students find the number of images reflected by two mirrors when placed at different angles.
Students find the peace of a suburban setting conducive to study.
Students find the perimeter and area of polygons and circumferences of circles.
Students find the placement year invaluable as a preparation for career choice.
Students find the programs easy to use and fun.
Students find the reference room a pleasant place to study.
Students find the reward structure of analysis reassuring.
Students find the rooms convenient for regular study group meetings as well as for project work.
Students find the sessions most useful when coordinated to coincide with a relevant assignment.
Students find the slope of a line, given the coordinates of two points on the line.
Students find the solution and learn from the lesson.
Students find the South Pole.
Students find the strip whose coin value matches that sum.
Students find the treasure by solving the algebraic equations expressed in the clues.
Students find the volume of popcorn.
Students find the wide variety of chapter activities professionally and personally enriching.
Students find the word in question by clicking on the correct 'word blocks' button.
Students find their accomodation mostly in dormitories.
Students find their niche.
Students find their own internships with the guidance of the internship coordinator.
Students find their own jobs, keep a time card and receive credit for the hours worked.
Students find their own placements.
Students find their own work and housing.
Students find their partners by reading and following the directions on the card.
Students find their resting heart rate, then squeeze a ball to simulate the beating of their heart.
Students find their underdeveloped answers challenged.
Students find their way to mediation in different ways.
Students find themselves among a cosmopolitan array of like-minded degree candidates.
Students find themselves becoming more and more at home with all fields of knowledge.
Students find themselves buried in school work and extracurricular activities.
Students find themselves challenged and engaged both in the classroom and in the field.
Students find themselves enjoying Mexican plays, concerts, fiestas, and films throughout their stay.
Students find themselves instantaneously using the language.
Students find themselves involved with their major in many different ways.
Students find themselves pushed to circumvent prerequisites.
Students find themselves working in schools from their very first professional education course.
Students find two world-class ski areas within minutes of campus.
Students find useful sites.
Students find volunteer workers, secure equipment, make travel arrangements and promote the event.
Students find ways to binge drink for less than five dollars.
Students find ways to minimize racism and discrimination toward each other.
Students find which fast food restaurant has the best buy for french fries.
Students find work in law firms, corporations and financial institutions.
Students find, at Victoria, a home in a vibrant community.
Students find, create, and describe patterns.
Students find, draw, and label the three seed parts of the new kind of seed.
Students finish by decorating their partner's face.
Students finish cover design.
Students finish each semester's lab assignments with impressive creativity.
Students finish entering data into database.
Students finish filling out the activity sheet.
Students finish group presentations and evaluate course.
Students finish pages.
Students finish program applications.
Students finish schema development with the aid of laboratory assistant.
Students finish session by precutting strips of rigid wrap for the next session.
Students finish the course prepared to work on their own application with their own equipment.
Students finish the course with a collaborative, portfolio-quality video project.
Students finish the course with a completed business plan, ready to present to potential funders.
Students finish the exercises on their own, with the teacher checking and helping as necessary.
Students finish the experience with a capstone seminar.
Students finish the experience with a stronger belief in their own abilities.
Students finish the quest by writing e-mail to a geologist.
Students finish the sentence.
Students finish the task on their own time.
Students finish their coverage of fundamental network components.
Students finish their homework before they leave.
Students finish their research projects no later than six weeks into the semester.
Students finish when the requirements have been met.
Students finish writing rough drafts.
Students fire their own pieces in our kilns to create their own masterpieces.
Students first analyze the growth of an investment over time.
Students first apply and are accepted at a school, then apply for a scholarship.
Students first apply with a statement of purpose with area of interest.
Students first attend a class focusing on grammar, reading, and writing.
Students first become familiar with basic instrumentation and positioning in an on-campus lab.
Students first bring their appeal to the faculty member of the course.
Students first choose from multiple choice answers and later type their answers.
Students first choose the classes they wish to take.
Students first collect pressure-volume data with books and a syringe apparatus.
Students first compete with other students from their district.
Students first complete a core curriculum in economic theory and quantitative methods.
Students first complete a Request for Tutoring form.
Students first complete an orientation to experiential learning.
Students first conduct a rock-hunting expedition around the schoolyard.
Students first conduct a sociologically grounded cultural analysis of heavy metal music.
Students first contact their instructor, then investigate tutoring offered through the department.
Students first count eyelets within the classroom, record data and create bar graphs from the table.
Students first cover core material on the scientific history, physics and biology of energy.
Students first design their project using computer software.
Students first develop a concept by application of creativity and physics.
Students first develop general competencies.
Students first discuss problem-solving strategies in pairs and then in groups of fours.
Students first draw a picture with crayons.
Students first draw several different ways and then choose one way and actually cut their apples.
Students first draw, and then cut simple shapes out of the poster paper.
Students first enroll in a rigorous core of general education courses.
Students first enter at the district level.
Students first explore common readings to build up the background knowledge of the class.
Students first explore plant structure, then plant processes, and finally a survey of plants.
Students first explore plants as food producers as most food webs begin with plants.
Students first focus on the basic properties of electricity.
Students first follow the worksheet to see the effect of light and heat on the radiometer.
Students first gather their copies of notes, worksheets, and drawings.
Students first generate ideas on nineteenth century lifestyles through guided observation.
Students first give their talk to a friend in the playground away from everyone else.
Students first go through an intake interview to discuss their individual needs.
Students first grade up easily manage controls by themselves.
Students first implement proportional, rate, and integral gains individually.
Students first investigate traditional inks and the established processes for de-inking newsprint.
Students first learn about the counseling process.
Students first learn and then practice the questions in groups.
Students first learn how to use a compass.
Students first learn psychology basics from an interactive computer program.
Students first learn the assessment process and the major tests clinical psychologists use.
Students first learn the essential interpretive skills for studying Scripture.
Students first learn the grammar rules.
Students first learn the technique of playing the note, before they receive the music.
Students first learn to recognize whole shapes and then to analyze properties of a shape.
Students first learn to think as object-oriented programmers.
Students first listen to and then read poetry.
Students first make artworks that express the theme of the unit.
Students first make initial course selections during the summer or winter vacation.
Students first marvel that the counting or adding phenomenon is true.
Students first measure the length of the rubber band with just the empty cup attached.
Students first meet their academic advisors during the orientation period prior to the first term.
Students first meet with an intake counsellor to discuss their individual needs.
Students first meet with the legal referral director or staff attorney.
Students first meet with the tutorial supervisor to design an individualized course of study.
Students first model the process using algebra blocks.
Students first move quickly through an introduction of traditional, imperial China.
Students first observe the flickering inside the light bulb.
Students first observe the similarities and differences between apples.
Students first place a leaf flat on the table.
Students first practice the skills involved in the various aspects of the trial process.
Students first publish what they write for teachers to see.
Students first read, answer questions, and discuss the concepts of each chapter.
Students first receive a general introduction to the engineering profession.
Students first recreate that model, then go on to modify it.
Students first schedule their courses.
Students first see economics in Principles.
Students first simulate recordings using a resistor model membrane and a voltmeter.
Students first solve problems using paper and pencil to follow the actions of the computer.
Students first spend one week in Paris for orientation.
Students first study the mocro-ecosystems from the previous year's classes.
Students first take a test to determine their reading level.
Students first think by themselves.
Students first use a prism spectrometer, to view atomic, molecular, and blackbody sources.
Students first use plastic soda bottles to make models of the ocean where the ship sank.
Students first use the fraction calculator to obtain the answer.
Students first visit nonprofit organizations and identify research issues.
Students first visit with the faculty member involved, then with the chair of the department.
Students first watch a dramatic video episode.
Students first work alone or in same-country groups to write a favorite recipe.
Students first work with elders to learn their life-stories and history.
Students first work with faculty to construct a study plan.
Students fish for a card and read it.
Students fit four cameras into the teaching kitchen to provide more angles.
Students fix problems that occur on the school's computers.
Students flick a card off of a cup and find that the quarter on the card drops into the cup.
Students float leisurely through the world of atoms and hover over a ballet.
Students flock here from all over the world to learn about polymers.
Students flock here.
Students flock there to shops, restaurants, movie theatres and coffeehouses.
Students flock to nurse practitioner programs as they see a future secure job situation.
Students flock to the club because it is stimulating and fun, but also because of the staff.
Students flock to university computer-science courses in rapidly increasing numbers.
Students flourish in a growing and dynamic community of learners.
Students flourish with technological skills because they use computers regularly.
Students flow down both sides of the serving line choosing freshly prepared food.
Students fluently use troubleshooting strategies.
Students fly and drive in from all over the U.S. as well as other countries.
Students fly for miles to get here and are rewarded with a unique educational experience.
Students fly from city to city, trying to track down a villain.
Students fly in for it.
Students fly into the Mexico City International Airport.
Students fly their own models with an instructor.
Students fly to a variety of airports for practice.
Students fly to a variety of nearby airports for practice.
Students fly to the islands and then embark on a several day boat tour to various islands.
Students flying into Frankfurt can then take a shuttle from the airport to the local train station.
Students focus both on becoming more independent singers as well as singing as part of a choir.
Students focus either on the management of health services or educational administration.
Students focus first on what went wrong.
Students focus in depth in a specific area of study and develop methodological skills.
Students focus individually on learning in different curricular areas.
Students focus on a core curriculum of four basic subject areas.
Students focus on a health related theme and attend introductory courses in the field of medicine.
Students focus on a number of specific wars throughout the ages.
Students focus on a particular area of computer use at each grade level.
Students focus on a particular aspect of a country's culture and present it to the class.
Students focus on a particular topic or issue for in-depth exploration.
Students focus on a poem or part of a poem that they particularly like.
Students focus on a purpose that becomes central to all of their studies each semester.
Students focus on a topic of special interest by preparing a master's essay.
Students focus on an aspect of Canada they see as worth coming here for.
Students focus on analyzing, editing, and scoring their writing in the lab.
Students focus on anatomy, physiology, pathology, and echocardiographic pattern recognition.
Students focus on application of acquired knowledge to actual business problems or situations.
Students focus on audience awareness, analytical skills, style, documentation, and document design.
Students focus on both vertical and horizontal relationships.
Students focus on character building as they model their teachers and parents.
Students focus on commonly practised areas of law by working on hypothetical case files.
Students focus on community concerns, then complete volunteer community improvement projects.
Students focus on computer operations.
Students focus on concepts.
Students focus on corrective pronunciation and theory and practice of Russian intonation.
Students focus on cost management and managerial accounting skills.
Students focus on creating a similar electronic toy with an appealing storyboard.
Students focus on cultural tradition and values.
Students focus on current concepts, materials, and skills development.
Students focus on current literature articles to learn about present research directions.
Students focus on decision making to achieve a practical end.
Students focus on details.
Students focus on developing mathematical skills.
Students focus on developing their skills in drawing, gaining a perspective on art history.
Students focus on either radio and television or print and Internet journalism.
Students focus on expanding sentences and building simple paragraphs.
Students focus on exploration and creativity.
Students focus on facilitating the transfer of adventure experience into life-applicable learning.
Students focus on health of groups and communities.
Students focus on how social problems result from cultural and social arrangements.
Students focus on how to make difficult judgments in complex situations or contexts.
Students focus on identifying topics and then adding the details of the message.
Students focus on improving the quality of data they collect.
Students focus on improving writing and reading comprehension skills.
Students focus on independent team research projects to understand the composting process.
Students focus on in-depth career exploration and job seeking and keeping skills.
Students focus on language acquisition and the effect of competing sensory input on memory.
Students focus on law of contract sales, negotiable instruments, and agency.
Students focus on leadership which fosters effective teamwork by a group.
Students focus on learning to do word processing and on using the Internet.
Students focus on learning to speak and write in Italian as well as preparing Italian meals.
Students focus on mathematical analysis and physics theories.
Students focus on media literacy as a systematic way of deciphering media messages.
Students focus on methodologies for the study of public discourse.
Students focus on musical growth through study and performance of music from all stylistic periods.
Students focus on necessary life skills of reading, writing, and speaking.
Students focus on nonprofit specific course offerings.
Students focus on nursing practice in the care of children and families.
Students focus on one class for a five-week period.
Students focus on one course at a time and work at their own pace.
Students focus on one long-term project that culminates in a series of highly resolved works.
Students focus on one subject at a time.
Students focus on personal experience writing and informational writing.
Students focus on portfolio development and studio projects.
Students focus on precise and lucid translation from Latin to English.
Students focus on preparing work applicable to the respective professions or to graduate school.
Students focus on product development and research on a wide variety of projects.
Students focus on psychometric techniques as well as major theories and theorists.
Students focus on reading Latin and studying Roman culture.
Students focus on reasons why the text is difficult to understand.
Students focus on revising and editing essays, sentence structure, usage, and mechanics.
Students focus on schoolwork during the week but know how to cut loose on the weekends.
Students focus on self awareness, work exploration, career planning and managing transitions.
Students focus on social skills as well as the academic assignment.
Students focus on speaking, listening, reading and writing.
Students focus on speaking, listening, reading, and writing.
Students focus on spelling, proofreading, dictionary usuage and vocabulary development.
Students focus on teamwork, interdisciplinary interaction, and tradeoff decision making.
Students focus on technical playing skills and on music reading development.
Students focus on the accountant's decision making by utilizing cases in ethics and professionalism.
Students focus on the application of sound management principles to health service delivery systems.
Students focus on the competencies and professionalism of an early childhood education educator.
Students focus on the cultural, historical, and literary aspects of scripture.
Students focus on the decision-making processes and the impact of technology in nursing practice.
Students focus on the essentials of Russian pronunciation and correction.
Students focus on the essentials of Russian pronunciation with preliminary work in intonation.
Students focus on the importance of insects, their roles in ecosystems and how they impact humans.
Students focus on the integration of technology, science principles, and mathematics.
Students focus on the interrelationships of various developmental sequences throughout infancy.
Students focus on the Light Spectrum as well as investigate resources available to do research.
Students focus on the one tamale that remained on the plate.
Students focus on the problem within their assigned topic.
Students focus on the process of writing, including designing, revising and editing such messages.
Students focus on the production and distribution of goods and services in a state or region.
Students focus on the relationship between acid rain, transient pH changes and pond biota.
Students focus on the relationship between geography and culture, religion and politics.
Students focus on the relationship between various balls and ramps.
Students focus on the relationships among sight, sound and motion.
Students focus on the skills required to analyze, design, and program information systems.
Students focus on the solution of instructional problems identified at the practicum site.
Students focus on the study of human and physical geography.
Students focus on the task and show the ability to support the needs of others.
Students focus on the validity of what they read and hear.
Students focus on themes relating history to the humanities, social sciences, or natural sciences.
Students focus on transitions, titles, color, and special effects without any rendering time.
Students focus on two studio media, as well as choosing one or more studio electives.
Students focus on welding, brake systems, fuel systems, engines and transmissions.
Students focus on work completed in another course or in a clerkship.
Students focus on working with individuals, families, groups, and community organizations.
Students focus on writing and listening skills, and vocabulary development.
Students focus on writing in the narrative, descriptive, expository, and persuasive modes.
Students focus on writing topic when they use the TVS Topic Dictionaries.
Students focus on writing with a real purpose and distinct audience.
Students focus primarily on filling in the blanks rather than learning sound research techniques.
Students focus their attention on the necessary information.
Students focus their creative and intellectual resourcesin the realization of their senior project.
Students focus their education choices during intermediate education toward a career family.
Students focus their studies on American, European, and several non-Western cultures.
Students focus their studies within four major areas of interest.
Students focus their work by determining what is geographically unique about their community.
Students fold a sheet of notebook paper in half.
Students fold one sheet of paper horizontally.
Students fold the paper in half.
Students fold the paper into three columns and select one of the problems from the chapter to solve.
Students fold their answers behind, quiz a partner or teammate and flash the correct answer.
Students follow a calendar containing weekly lesson assignments for each module.
Students follow a college preparatory curriculum.
Students follow a college preparatory program where excellence abounds.
Students follow a common curriculum, with only limited opportunities for electives.
Students follow a contract agreed upon by the student, teacher, and parent.
Students follow a conversational approach which emphasizes basic vocabulary and sentence patterns.
Students follow a core curriculum during the first year.
Students follow a curriculum of core-courses in each discipline.
Students follow a demanding daily schedule, which includes about ten hours of sitting meditation.
Students follow a full-time program of studies.
Students follow a linear path through the lesson.
Students follow a number of varied career paths upon graduation.
Students follow a planned program of study that includes course requirements and thesis advisement.
Students follow a prescribed core curriculum during the first four semesters.
Students follow a progression in science, math, English, social studies, and foreign language.
Students follow a required program of painting, drawing, printmaking, and photography.
Students follow a scavenger hunt looking for specific information on pages.
Students follow a schedule of courses held in specific semesters during a four-year period.
Students follow a set plan of study for each semester.
Students follow a standard sequence through each animal.
Students follow a straight eight block schedule with four blocks meeting each day.
Students follow a systems approach to their work as in business and industry.
Students follow a ten unit print major after semester one of year one.
Students follow a textbook and do experiments, just like in a standard science class.
Students follow a well defined schedule .
Students follow a written work plan and submit a final report.
Students follow a year long environmental curriculum which includes hands-on fieldwork.
Students follow all rules of proper letter format.
Students follow along at their terminals.
Students follow along interactively using their own computers.
Students follow along with the taped reading.
Students follow an educational calendar which has frequent and shorter vacation periods.
Students follow an exact schedule of classes until they graduate.
Students follow an integrated program of study comprising a minimum of eight semester courses.
Students follow an outline for the course work.
Students follow and analyze current events.
Students follow and some times revise their search plans to gather, sort, and integrate information.
Students follow basic research steps and write a paper.
Students follow controversial cases in public art.
Students follow current events in the media and respond in a variety of ways to the information.
Students follow developments in the field and prepare papers analyzing significant problems.
Students follow different paths to reach their goals.
Students follow direction of staff members.
Students follow directions and record their results.
Students follow directions.
Students follow director's instructions accurately.
Students follow each level of appeal in the order outlined below.
Students follow eight courses in each of the three years.
Students follow either the thesis or non-thesis option.
Students follow established pathways after selecting one of six endorsement areas.
Students follow example.
Students follow examples.
Students follow implication rules to solve logic problems.
Students follow instructions for completing on-screen forms and templates.
Students follow instructions sheet get started entering information.
Students follow instructions.
Students follow many of the cases through to signout by the pathologist.
Students follow most of the rules for proper letter format.
Students follow one of a set of course programs.
Students follow our scientists, helping to record and analyze data.
Students follow programs from initiation through to completion.
Students follow programs of coursework and research tailored to individual needs and aspirations.
Students follow science protocols to collect data and share it via the world wide web.
Students follow simple recipes to make damper and other Australian foods.
Students follow simple recipes to make journey cake and other Native American foods.
Students follow stages of the writing process and rules for standard written English.
Students follow step by step directions to make the dough.
Students follow steps used in scientific inquiry.
Students follow suggested guidelines to complete personal assignments for each topic of study.
Students follow teacher's detailed steps and search.
Students follow the adventures of explorers and learn when they do.
Students follow the circuitous path of that evolution.
Students follow the course of study in their department, with certain exceptions.
Students follow the directions based on the teacher demonstration.
Students follow the doctoral program curriculum.
Students follow the guidelines and refer to the examples for completing the practice.
Students follow the instructions on the form.
Students follow the lesson by doing the two pages of exercises in their textbooks.
Students follow the nursing option to which they are admitted.
Students follow the patient and family until death.
Students follow the process.
Students follow the project timeline.
Students follow the race.
Students follow the requirements of the catalog in effect at the point of admission.
Students follow the same admissions and registration procedures as on-campus students.
Students follow the same procedure as given for registration for independent study.
Students follow the same safety guidelines as employees at our clinical affiliates.
Students follow the school rules and the directions of teachers.
Students follow the story on the computer and then explore each habitat.
Students follow the style manual used by the field as determined by the department.
Students follow the suggested agenda above, or suggest one of their own.
Students follow the teacher to the bus stop.
Students follow the teacher.
Students follow the traditional calendar of semesters.
Students follow three interlinked courses.
Students follow three steps in their degree program.
Students follow through the activities.
Students follow through the activity referring to appropriate ABS statistical information online.
Students follow up with individual practice.
Students follow video and audio segments during which they are required to solve problems.
Students following a joint language programme spend their third year abroad.
Students forecast and prepare budgets and income statements, and complete a break-even analysis.
Students forever find it difficult to visualise a three dimensional structure just from a diagram.
Students forfeit daily class grades for each day of unexcused absence.
Students forfeit their library privileges until their library record is cleared.
Students forge bonds, both professional and personal, that often extend beyond the workshop.
Students forget a lot, but they do remember when they are engaged in the process.
Students forget after a while who everyone is.
Students forget most of what they learn.
Students forget the first topic.
Students forget their passwords and are locked out of activities in class.
Students forget to use verbs from time to time.
Students forget what they learned in class.
Students form a back-rub chain.
Students form a circle and loosely hold a continuous loop of thin rope horizontally.
Students form a circle around a lamp with their backs to the light.
Students form a circle around the bat and moth.
Students form a circle.
Students form a closely spaced group in one corner of the classroom.
Students form a component of a sensory panel used for product evaluation.
Students form a hypothesis.
Students form a knowledge base for evaluating personal and professional career choices.
Students form a learning community organized around a theme.
Students form a manufacturing company to design, develop and package student chosen products.
Students form a philosophy of life based upon trust, knowledge, truth, responsibility, and honor.
Students form a powerful connection with national, community, and business leaders.
Students form a significant part of Chicos population.
Students form a staff that runs the cadet program.
Students form a supportive and continuing study group.
Students form a two inch ball of suet and insert the bulb of a thermometer into it.
Students form all four collaborative programs are encouraged to attend.
Students form an advisory committee by the end of the first quarter of academic residence.
Students form an assembly line and rotate through each station, following the direction cards.
Students form an ensemble for informal performances.
Students form and test elementary hypotheses, then present and discuss their conclusions.
Students form and test hypotheses to solve.
Students form bonds that are life-long.
Students form brand and product allegiances for the first time while in college.
Students form bridges using their canes and then send others down the middle.
Students form cliques and friendship constellations.
Students form close networks of friends who take courses and study together.
Students form close working relationships with fellow learners, attending either full or part-time.
Students form companies, producing and selling a product.
Students form conclusions.
Students form consulting teams and work with government, industry, or non-profit clients.
Students form cooperative learning groups of three to four students.
Students form crews to fire kilns, mix glazes and help with the running of the studio.
Students form crews to fire kilns, mix glazes, and help with the running of the studio.
Students form engineering teams and select a group design project.
Students form friendships and networks with other students.
Students form groups and begin planning.
Students form groups and divide into two pairs.
Students form groups and look at the list of requests on the handout.
Students form groups for web page building.
Students form groups of five.
Students form groups of four and discuss the content of their article within the group.
Students form groups of four or five.
Students form groups of three and write a commercial about their own original product.
Students form groups of three.
Students form historical arguments in writing papers and participate in oral discussions.
Students form imprints, acquire book projects and formulate marketing plans.
Students form international teams to construct a web site.
Students form into groups of no more than six.
Students form into teams of lawyers, witnesses, and assistants, and compete against each other.
Students form management groups and compete against other groups for market share and profits.
Students form music groups according to their particular interests.
Students form new friendships and are supported by mentors and tutors from the community.
Students form new friendships and new connections through active involvement in such sessions.
Students form new theater group in Blacksburg.
Students form own conclusions.
Students form pairs and each receives a clip board and a recording sheet.
Students form pairs or groups of three students.
Students form pairs, facing each other.
Students form pairs, with each partner having the same function.
Students form pairs, with one partner leading an interview on a predetermined topic.
Students form research groups and discuss their findings through a simulated planning board hearing.
Students form research teams around the issues.
Students form semester-long working groups around relevant topics of their own choosing.
Students form small groups and are given logic problems and clues to read.
Students form small groups and discuss their papers.
Students form small groups to engage in discussion anfd generation of new analogies of their own.
Students form small groups.
Students form soap bubbles and surfaces several feet high through a pulley system.
Students form statues of each other and then move into scenes.
Students form study groups early in the quarter and meet regularly to prepare for class discussion.
Students form study groups, exchange notes, and collaborate on research papers.
Students form teams and communicate with other teams via the Internet to solve math problems.
Students form teams and compete in a variety of technology-based challenges to win prizes.
Students form teams and compete in football, basketball and volleyball.
Students form teams and compete in various activities.
Students form teams and read a selected list of books.
Students form teams and use the design process of engineering to solve technological problems.
Students form teams of delegates to represent a country in various committees at a conference.
Students form teams of four and produce parts based on given technical drawings.
Students form teams of no more than five members in each team.
Students form teams of no more than three member in each team.
Students form teams of no more than three members in each team.
Students form teams to compete in a wide range of activities.
Students form teams to create secret cultures.
Students form teams to solve a long term problem.
Students form teams to study various aspects of the issue chosen for investigation.
Students form teams to tackle one of a dozen projects, most of which change every year.
Students form teams with their colleagues from around the world.
Students form teams.
Students form the same numeral with yarn and identify the characteristics discussed.
Students form their dough into shapes and observe the dough rising over time.
Students form their own group and apply for housing facilities.
Students form their own six-person teams.
Students form their own teams.
Students form values necessary for responsible decision making.
Students form work groups with others from around the world.
Students formalize a question to address.
Students formally apply to be admitted into the program.
Students formally enter the program in the first semester of their junior year.
Students formally evaluate the work of their peers and of established writers.
Students formally present their research to faculty and student colleagues.
Students formally present their research to the seminar as well as work independently.
Students formulate a general rule from their analysis of patterns.
Students formulate adroit judgments about oral communication.
Students formulate and conduct a research project in the areas of sports medicine.
Students formulate and record a conclusion based on their data.
Students formulate colours and problem solve for corrective measures.
Students formulate conjectures and hypotheses.
Students formulate glazes and fire kilns.
Students formulate hypotheses and use compiled data.
Students formulate keen judgments about oral communication.
Students formulate many questions.
Students formulate practical recommendations on the basis of their research findings.
Students formulate questions about the mystery.
Students formulate questions about what is happening in a picture or in a drawing.
Students formulate specific topics and present the results of their study to the seminar.
Students formulate their own questions after being taught about the water cycle.
Students formulate urban design programs and produce policies, plans, and designs.
Students frame the project, describe the nature of the problem, and create a program.
Students freely explore study outside rigidly constructed specializations.
Students freely mix traditional notation, numbers and note names to notate their melodies.
Students frequent the games room at all hours.
Students fulfill a program of writing and literature courses.
Students fulfill all course requirements except for the examination.
Students fulfill all requirements for both degrees over a four-year period.
Students fulfill class expectations to earn credit.
Students fulfill core and other requirements in a prescribed manner.
Students fulfill English language reqirements before taking on a full time load of credit courses.
Students fulfill leadership roles in lab.
Students fulfill the core requirements, specializations, and capstones for both programs.
Students fulfill the culminating experience requirement with the writing of the master's thesis.
Students fulfill the majority of Honors core requirements in their first two years.
Students fulfill the program requirements of both specialties.
Students fulfill the remainder of the course work online.
Students fulfill the requirements by choosing from a list of courses in a variety of disciplines.
Students fulfilling the national requirements are eligible to become members.
Students fully staff and manage the building on evening and weekend shifts.
Students fully understand objectives and are able to carry out lesson procedures.
Students function as a committee in planning and conducting the annual conference.
Students function as a research team which explicates the clinical reasoning used by team members.
Students function as acting interns working in parallel with the interns on the service.
Students function as active members of a faculty mentor s research team.
Students function as active members of a faculty mentor's research team.
Students function as an integral part of the medical care team during their clinical clerkships.
Students function as an integral part of the surgical critical care team.
Students function as an interdisciplinary learning group within a problem based learning framework.
Students function as consultants to area small businesses and industries under faculty supervision.
Students function as crew chiefs for productions.
Students function as crew members for productions.
Students function as editors, making assignments and directing production.
Students function as executives of a specified multi-national corporation.
Students function as interns under the supervision of house staff and attending psychiatrists.
Students function as labor source and mass produce and market a product.
Students function as producers of television programs.
Students function as reporter, assignment editor, and news reader.
Students function as responsible team members.
Students function as senior analysts and project managers.
Students function as team members while working together in the laboratory and analyzing data.
Students function as team members with the prehospital team.
Students function at the intern level under close supervision of the staff and house staff.
Students function at the junior resident level.
Students function at the level of a housestaff member in providing evaluation and care for patients.
Students function in the advanced practice role within a multidisciplinary health care team.
Students function in the externship capacity, under the guidance of the attending physician.
Students function in the local hospitals and clinics to provide patient care.
Students function in the local hospitals to provide specialized care.
Students function in the role of the surgical technologist in actual operating rooms.
Students function in various roles in providing care.
Students function independently in manufacturing and service systems.
Students fund and equip a mobile dental clinic.
Students fund their way through a maze while adding.
Students funded by grants receive an extra stipend to cover the costs of tuition.
Students furnish all supplies.
Students furnish appropriate attire and smooth-soled tennis shoes.
Students furnish basic supplies.
Students furnish bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels, and items to personalize the room.
Students furnish bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels, and items to personalize their room.
Students furnish cameras and some materials.
Students furnish only their transportation costs to and from the campuses and their spending money.
Students furnish own cameras, film, paper and filter.
Students furnish own soprano, alto, tenor, or bass recorder.
Students furnish own supplies.
Students furnish own transportation.
Students furnish pillow, bed linens, towels, and the creativity to make their room unique.
Students furnish racquets and balls.
Students furnish ski equipment and tow fees.
Students furnish some supplies, approx.
Students furnish supplies and most equipment.
Students furnish tennis racquet and balls.
Students furnish the telephone and pay for long distance telephone service.
Students furnish the telephone and pay for long distance.
Students furnish their linens, blankets, pillow, and bedspread.
Students furnish their own adjustable cameras and supplies.
Students furnish their own athletic socks, rubber-soled shoes, jackets, and swimming suits.
Students furnish their own bedding and towels.
Students furnish their own camera and film.
Students furnish their own cameras and most supplies.
Students furnish their own cameras, film, paper and developing tank.
Students furnish their own chemistry and paper.
Students furnish their own fabric for performance testing.
Students furnish their own irons and ironing boards.
Students furnish their own materials.
Students furnish their own paper for the laser printer for longer documents and special projects.
Students furnish their own pillows, bedding, towels, study lamps, and other personal items.
Students furnish their own primary camera, film, and paper.
Students furnish their own serum and instructions from their primary allergist.
Students furnish their own supplies.
Students furnish their own tent, sleeping bag and personal gear.
Students furnish their own uniforms.
Students furnish tools and supplies.
Students further address formal, symbolic and contextual issues of architecture.
Students further choose two courses from an extensive list of options.
Students further define the design for their action thesis and complete their proposal.
Students further develop communicative skills and software knowledge.
Students further develop oral proficiency, reading and writing skills.
Students further develop practical vocabulary and accurate pronunciation.
Students further develop reading ability by identifying main ideas of longer passages.
Students further develop their analytical skills by investigating the number of squares crossed.
Students further develop their ideas about chiropractic and their interpersonal skills.
Students further develop their reading skills by reading short stories.
Students further develop their research and communication skills during their internship.
Students further develop their verbal and written communication skills.
Students further develop their work in progress and produce a polished novel proposal.
Students further expand their horizons through weekly elective periods.
Students further explore fundamentals in court administration.
Students further explore fundamentals in law firm administration.
Students further explore organisms through hands-on experiments and journaling results.
Students further improve reading comprehension skills by completing precis , or compact summaries.
Students further improve their critical reading ability by analysing literary characters.
Students further prepare for a desired career track through the completion of a required internship.
Students gain a background in mechanics, properties of matter, heat, and sound.
Students gain a background of skills and an understanding of the broad scope of technical drawing.
Students gain a basic ability to communicate in a foreign language.
Students gain a basic understanding of American businesses and how they work.
Students gain a basic understanding of interactive systems and database management systems.
Students gain a basic understanding of medical terminology.
Students gain a basic understanding of medicine and a knowledge of medical science language.
Students gain a basic understanding of survival skills in the outdoors.
Students gain a better awareness of the nature, strengths, and weaknesses of government.
Students gain a better understanding by involvement in the case, rather taking lecture notes.
Students gain a better understanding of the discipline through hands-on research participation.
Students gain a better understanding of the factors which affected life after the Civil War.
Students gain a better understanding of the region of the state that they call home.
Students gain a bird's eye view of saltmarsh habitat, flora and fauna.
Students gain a broad focus of the retail distribution of real estate and regulated securities.
Students gain a broad knowledge of the physiological and mechanical functions of the human body.
Students gain a clearer understanding of a great mathematical discovery and the person behind it.
Students gain a command of medical terminology and transcription.
Students gain a community perspective by studying traffic patterns around the neighborhood.
Students gain a comprehension of the various businesses and roles that exist in the industry.
Students gain a concrete representation of volume and surface area.
Students gain a critical understanding of community building, innovation, maintenance and failure.
Students gain a deeper understanding of the structure of the French language.
Students gain a field laboratory in which to test classroom theories, enhancing their learning.
Students gain a first-hand introduction to the Korean business world, economy and society.
Students gain a foundation for appreciating the Bible's massive impact on subsequent literature.
Students gain a functional knowledge of data communications.
Students gain a further understanding of Indian life by reproducing artifacts.
Students gain a general education.
Students gain a general understanding of the functions and applications of various security systems.
Students gain a great deal as well.
Students gain a greater appreciation for life science.
Students gain a greater perspective of other traditions and beliefs.
Students gain a greater understanding of their own capacity of growth.
Students gain a hands-on understanding of early print technology by working with a hand press.
Students gain a historical perspective and track currents events.
Students gain a knowledge of the various aspects of law through a broad range of courses.
Students gain a knowledge of trends and sequences by looking at the major quests of each period.
Students gain a learning experience and community agencies are able to accomplish special projects.
Students gain a lot of understanding be being required to take their suggestions seriously.
Students gain a mastery of the fundamental principles underlying all chemical processes.
Students gain a more precise understanding of what is going on in the simulation.
Students gain a much broader sense of who they are when they live in another country.
Students gain a multi-cultural educational experience while working in international business.
Students gain a new appreciation for, and understanding of, interdependence in a community.
Students gain a new perspective on what it means to do one's best.
Students gain a portfolio of their own news photographs.
Students gain a practical hands-on experience in using current computer technology in the classroom.
Students gain a realistic perspective on global business.
Students gain a remarkable breadth of knowledge in a short time.
Students gain a remarkable design experience.
Students gain a richer learning experience of consistent quality.
Students gain a scientific basis for environmental issues and risk-benefit decisions.
Students gain a sense of belonging, respect, and love.
Students gain a sense of ownership due to the open nature of the problem.
Students gain a solid background in mathematics, economics and business, and computer science.
Students gain a solid background in music theory, keyboard proficiency and performance.
Students gain a solid base for using math skills in a variety of real-world contexts.
Students gain a solid foundation for novel writing.
Students gain a solid foundation in applied mathematics and mathematical modeling.
Students gain a sound foundation in all the major subdisciplines of physics.
Students gain a strong and lasting foundation in concrete thinking of difficult and abstract ideas.
Students gain a strong foundation in human development, learning theories, and school curriculum.
Students gain a thorough knowledge of the properties, uses, and conversion technologies of wood.
Students gain a thorough understanding of exercise physiology, including the physiology of aging.
Students gain a vocabulary for the critique of craftwork.
Students gain a winning resume and valuable professional training in a competitive job market.
Students gain a working knowledge and proficiency regarding a previously agreed upon topic.
Students gain a working knowledge of contracts, deeds, mortgages and title reports.
Students gain a working knowledge of current events, and of specific foreign countries.
Students gain a working knowledge of hardware and software.
Students gain a working knowledge of the operation of a telescope.
Students gain a working knowledge of the preparation and filing of required accounting documents.
Students gain academic assistance and build a relationship with and older student.
Students gain academic credit and discuss how their experiences relate to coursework.
Students gain academic time because the number of class changes is reduced.
Students gain academically integrated work experience related to their major.
Students gain access to course-related computer and video technology and other resources.
Students gain access to forums for sharing ideas, discussing issues, and solving problems.
Students gain access to knowledge about how differenc societies address similar needs.
Students gain access to the courses through their Web browsers.
Students gain access to the files by clicking on the link.
Students gain access to the museum's entire collection in several ways.
Students gain access to their assigned building only with the use of their campus registration card.
Students gain acting experience, directing experience, and technical experience.
Students gain actual experience in working with the handicapped.
Students gain actual experience under the director of elementary physical education classes.
Students gain actual job training experience in an internship with a local marketing business.
Students gain additional background in at least one area and feel empowered.
Students gain additional computer skills in the use of the research process.
Students gain additional experience with three small compost units outside the building.
Students gain additional knowledge of drawing tools, media, technique and methods.
Students gain an appreciation and understanding of the issues surrounding technological change.
Students gain an appreciation for film as art and also learn how film is related to the other arts.
Students gain an appreciation for intractable problems as well as an exposure to concurrent systems.
Students gain an appreciation for the diversity of people.
Students gain an appreciation for the importance of careful planning, organization, and scheduling.
Students gain an appreciation of cross-cultural relationships on language and literature.
Students gain an appreciation of dance as an art form and develop self-expression.
Students gain an appreciation of problems of synchronization and race conditions .
Students gain an appreciation of problems of synchronization and race conditions.
Students gain an appreciation of reading, number words, and sequencing numbers as they go fishing.
Students gain an appreciation of the important role of teachers in Mexican society.
Students gain an appreciation of the study of movement from a scientific perspective.
Students gain an appreciation of wind ensemble music through performing and listening.
Students gain an awareness of technology through exploratory activities.
Students gain an awareness of the origins of law and ethics in society and in the workplace.
Students gain an awareness that their education has relevance and value to their society.
Students gain an imaginative perspective as they translate their ideas into concrete objectives.
Students gain an improved understanding of factors affecting patient and provider behavior.
Students gain an in depth knowledge of scientific measurement and instrument design.
Students gain an in-depth experience with one medium or period.
Students gain an in-depth understanding of the anatomy and physiology of the cranium and the sacrum.
Students gain an in-depth understanding of the subject.
Students gain an intimate understanding of Viennese life by living with Austrian families.
Students gain an understanding and practical view of communication processes.
Students gain an understanding of continuous process improvement methods.
Students gain an understanding of current issues and the likely impact on the future.
Students gain an understanding of current networking trends and terminology.
Students gain an understanding of drug calculations, including percentage determinations.
Students gain an understanding of ethnicity and gender from a systemic framework.
Students gain an understanding of factors affecting the behaviour of people in work settings.
Students gain an understanding of fire safety, fire prevention and fire management.
Students gain an understanding of fundamental concepts.
Students gain an understanding of how organisms are formed and how they grow and evolve.
Students gain an understanding of issues of language acquisition and language pedagogy.
Students gain an understanding of journalists' rights and their ethical responsibilities.
Students gain an understanding of leadership theories as they are applied in a field setting.
Students gain an understanding of legal rights and responsibilities in business dealings.
Students gain an understanding of management and how and why organizations are structured.
Students gain an understanding of reading, writing, and interpreting haiku poetry.
Students gain an understanding of structure of the reflex, motor units, and stretch receptors.
Students gain an understanding of swing mechanics.
Students gain an understanding of team capability, dynamics, and performance.
Students gain an understanding of technical drawing careers in modern industry.
Students gain an understanding of the arts and benefit from their contact with older artists.
Students gain an understanding of the basics of good journalistic photography.
Students gain an understanding of the basics of marketing and the strategic marketing cycle.
Students gain an understanding of the behavior that constitutes delinquency in juveniles.
Students gain an understanding of the business environment while specializing in a specific program.
Students gain an understanding of the economic issues driving companies to market internationally.
Students gain an understanding of the historical background and the status of current issues.
Students gain an understanding of the history, policies, and services of the university.
Students gain an understanding of the implications of an author's choice of narrative point of view.
Students gain an understanding of the importance of global connections and interdependence.
Students gain an understanding of the industry as well as the equipment they work on.
Students gain an understanding of the interaction of family members at each stage of the life cycle.
Students gain an understanding of the legal system through courses in paralegal studies.
Students gain an understanding of the methods used for studying society.
Students gain an understanding of the relationships between all living things.
Students gain an understanding of the structure, philosophy, policies and procedures of the agency.
Students gain an understanding of the tools, mechanics, and methods of black and white photography.
Students gain an understanding of the various macro forces that effect a company.
Students gain an understanding of their professional and ethical responsibilities as engineers.
Students gain an understanding of why it is important to preserve our cultural heritage.
Students gain and apply knowledge in a practice setting.
Students gain and enhance leadership skills through active participation in leadership programs.
Students gain and retain knowledge of the content of the course.
Students gain appreciation for the relationship between textbook chemistry and real-world chemistry.
Students gain appreciation of fitness and self-discipline.
Students gain appreciation of, and confidence in, oral communication.
Students gain appreciation.
Students gain at least one full year of work experience by the time they graduate.
Students gain basic facts, which are based on a firm foundation of mathematical understanding.
Students gain basic skills for improving and managing communication in the workplace.
Students gain basic skills on proper service procedures and safety.
Students gain basic surveying skills and learn to observe and record natural events.
Students gain both a theoretical and a practical grounding in modern management theory.
Students gain career-related experience before graduation.
Students gain career-related experience in Canada's finest research facilities.
Students gain career-related experience in paid or unpaid positions.
Students gain classroom, laboratory and field experience.
Students gain clinical experience during both winter and spring quarters.
Students gain clinical experience in ambulatory and institutional pharmacy practice settings.
Students gain clinical experience in child and adult primary health care settings.
Students gain clinical experience in oncology care, acute care, and geriatric care.
Students gain clinical experience while treating patients in a comprehensive care clinic.
Students gain clinical experiences in the field within area agencies.
Students gain communication, research, argumentation, and analytical skills.
Students gain competence in computer communications, programming and visualization.
Students gain competency in international defense acquisition programs.
Students gain computer skills required by online classes.
Students gain concrete experience with grouping and regrouping ones and tens using just two symbols.
Students gain concrete skills by building Web portfolios they can use outside the classroom.
Students gain confidence and experience by building structures and other hands-on projects.
Students gain confidence and interest in reading as their reading skills grow.
Students gain confidence and soar to the top.
Students gain confidence as they learn to apply spelling rules and develop dictionary skills.
Students gain confidence during the visits.
Students gain confidence from peer consensus in developing the skill.
Students gain confidence in witnessing by being involved in evangelism training.
Students gain confidence knowing they can succeed.
Students gain confidence that they can solve problems on their own.
Students gain confidence through trying new things, meeting new people, and making new friends.
Students gain confidence, balance and have fun while riding the horses.
Students gain control of the sound system as conversational ability is developed.
Students gain control of the whole program in a short time.
Students gain core competence and then specialize in areas of interest.
Students gain core competencies and then specialize in areas of interest.
Students gain culinary skills as well shopping experience as they search for unusual ingredients.
Students gain design experience through examples in class, homework problems and design projects.
Students gain directorial and producing skills, thus increasing their employability.
Students gain drawing skills and deepen their artistic perceptions.
Students gain early field experience in their sophomore year.
Students gain employability in the current labour market.
Students gain entrance through an interior lobby in each building section.
Students gain entry by entering a number code into the lock.
Students gain excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
Students gain excellent qualifications to enter the areas of finance and business.
Students gain experience and develop skills by assisting in various roles in our research projects.
Students gain experience and serviceable skills while participating in volunteer work.
Students gain experience at both campus and off-campus clinical sites.
Students gain experience both in coding new programs and in modifying existing programs.
Students gain experience both through course work research, and supervised practica.
Students gain experience by cooking for the entire group throughout the program.
Students gain experience by working in a different food preparation area each week.
Students gain experience designing and writing programs in a selected set of languages.
Students gain experience in a range of quality and reliability topics.
Students gain experience in a wide variety of positions in Nebraska and across the nation.
Students gain experience in affiliated area hospitals.
Students gain experience in all elements of social research.
Students gain experience in all staff activities, from writing to staff management.
Students gain experience in analyzing real data through weekly practical classes.
Students gain experience in basic macros, graphics, reports, and mailing labels.
Students gain experience in campus clinic by completing a three- hour internship every third week.
Students gain experience in campus clinic by completing a three-hour internship every third week.
Students gain experience in communicating mathematics through presentations.
Students gain experience in construction, masonry, electricity, plumbing and housekeeping.
Students gain experience in counseling techniques used in schools and contemporary practice.
Students gain experience in critically examining major theoretical models.
Students gain experience in critically reviewing literature and discussing current issues.
Students gain experience in criticism and in exhibition techniques.
Students gain experience in dealing with dysfunctional families.
Students gain experience in dealing with real world issues.
Students gain experience in designing, setting up, and maintaining learning environments.
Students gain experience in digital video and sound editing, authoring, and Life Forms.
Students gain experience in distinguishing minor from major design and analysis flaws.
Students gain experience in evaluating and editing manuscripts.
Students gain experience in evaluating house plans and furnishings.
Students gain experience in facilitating groups.
Students gain experience in front of and behind the camera.
Students gain experience in library research and media presentations.
Students gain experience in listening, speaking, reading, writing, viewing, and representing.
Students gain experience in locks and keying techniques.
Students gain experience in marital and family therapy through direct client contact.
Students gain experience in mounting and interpretation of dental radiographs.
Students gain experience in news reporting, writing, publishing and producing.
Students gain experience in nutritional assessment methods.
Students gain experience in open-heart, obstetrics, neuro.
Students gain experience in operating-room procedures and surgical techniques.
Students gain experience in oral presentations.
Students gain experience in organizing a fashion and working with professional models.
Students gain experience in organizing and interpreting observations from psychological experiments.
Students gain experience in plant pathology through participation in a variety of activities.
Students gain experience in presentation of research and in refereeing papers.
Students gain experience in presenting briefings, proposals and group project reports.
Students gain experience in presenting oral examinations of complex theoretical readings.
Students gain experience in programming by solving problems.
Students gain experience in programming for many civil engineering types of problems.
Students gain experience in reporting by covering campus news events.
Students gain experience in stage movement and character development.
Students gain experience in studio and control room operation and production roles.
Students gain experience in testing economic theories using a computer regression package.
Students gain experience in the actual collection, analysis and interpretation of dietary intake.
Students gain experience in the application of computers in science.
Students gain experience in the application of veterinary skills to the aquatic environment.
Students gain experience in the art of fundraising in our membership department.
Students gain experience in the biology, chemistry, physics, and computer labs.
Students gain experience in the diagnosis and treatment of common ocular disorders.
Students gain experience in the identification and analysis of food contamination.
Students gain experience in the team approach to large system development.
Students gain experience in tools and software, visualization , modeling.
Students gain experience in understanding the principles, theories, and skills of graphic design.
Students gain experience in using commercial software in the development of databases.
Students gain experience in using common research procedures.
Students gain experience interpreting and critiquing published epidemiologic literature.
Students gain experience maintaining, servicing and repairing diesel engines.
Students gain experience managing a budget, reviewing proposals and making monetary decisions.
Students gain experience of both simple methods and more extensive computer analyses in workshops.
Students gain experience of the methodology by undertaking a short project.
Students gain experience operating in actual instrument meteorological conditions.
Students gain experience producing simple animations.
Students gain experience that is valuable when applied within individual courses.
Students gain experience that simulates activities in clinical practice.
Students gain experience through a variety of speaking experiences.
Students gain experience through classroom instruction, and practica.
Students gain experience through internships with public schools and tutoring on campus.
Students gain experience through the individualized hands-on approach.
Students gain experience throughout the program with the on-going management of their camp.
Students gain experience using a scanning near-field optical microscope.
Students gain experience using analytical and numerical models to simulate contaminant transport.
Students gain experience using C in a variety of problem-solving applications.
Students gain experience with complicated patients, and in a variety of surgical specialties.
Students gain experience with current methods of prevention, maintenance and treatment.
Students gain experience with floral foam, tools, mechanical aids, and materials.
Students gain experience with laboratory tools and techniques.
Students gain experience with methods of horticulture and plant propagation in the greenhouse.
Students gain experience with nonlinear programming through applications to real-world problems.
Students gain experience with research literature, techniques, and equipment.
Students gain experience with the computer in the writing process.
Students gain experience with the major environmental factors in terrestrial and aquatic systems.
Students gain experience with writing and with oral presentation.
Students gain experience working with families in public and private agencies.
Students gain experience working with spreadsheets and solving financial problems.
Students gain experience, sensitivity, and a keen awareness of our population.
Students gain experience, via a team project, in the life-cycle development of software systems.
Students gain experience.
Students gain experiential knowledge in a chosen production area.
Students gain expertise and confidence speaking by using their grammar knowledge in conversation.
Students gain expertise and skill in evaluating group member performance throughout the program.
Students gain expertise and understanding in the areas of administration and personnel management.
Students gain expertise in both conventional historical methods and web-based technologies.
Students gain expertise in creating and manipulating digital images for electronic and print media.
Students gain exposure in the use of Web-enabled design and development.
Students gain exposure to a wide variety of substantive law.
Students gain exposure to a wide-range of interest groups in the Bay Area.
Students gain exposure to all areas of law enforcement.
Students gain exposure to engineering field at ideal time to make career choices.
Students gain exposure to specific instruments designed to assist in career decisions.
Students gain exposure to technological, ethical and legal issues of information design.
Students gain exposure to the profession through chapter meetings and plant visits.
Students gain exposure to the use of the computer as a tool for management decision-making.
Students gain extended experiences with specialized national and international health programs.
Students gain extensive clinical experience throughout the program.
Students gain extensive experience in both teaching and research.
Students gain extensive experience of data acquisition and databases using microcomputers.
Students gain extensive hand-on experience and design skills throughout their four years of study.
Students gain extra credit by participating in the computer conference.
Students gain facility with techniques of dissection and microscopy.
Students gain familiarity of the relevant scholarship.
Students gain familiarity with representative intervention procedures from the different approaches.
Students gain familiarity with the hand and power tools used in the field.
Students gain field experience under supervision from both agency and departmental personnel.
Students gain first hand experience in modern chemical analysis in a small group setting.
Students gain first hand experience in the use of state of the art biotechnology equipment.
Students gain first year technical credit for carpentry apprentiships.
Students gain firsthand experience of real world research.
Students gain first-hand knowledge about their career interests.
Students gain first-hand knowledge of literary programming and arts administration.
Students gain first-hand knowledge working in the community.
Students gain flexibility and strength together with movement vocabulary.
Students gain fluency as writers as they compose meaning for authentic purposes throughout the day.
Students gain foundational skills for applying energetic principles to themselves and to others.
Students gain from the breadth of experience and knowledge available.
Students gain from the employer's professional business expertise.
Students gain from the program in proportion to their efforts.
Students gain from thinking and applying the accounting they've learned in the classroom.
Students gain from three months to more than a year of work experience prior to graduation.
Students gain full time experience in private, group, and specialty dental practices.
Students gain fundamental techniques, appreciation for creativity and self-discipline.
Students gain further design experience in elective courses in their chosen subdiscipline.
Students gain further knowledge of Denmark and Europe through field study and guest lectures.
Students gain further practical experience by working with routine cytology material.
Students gain geographic skills, especially about human-environment relationships.
Students gain great practical experience by working on such projects.
Students gain greater ease in reading through a variety of texts of increasing difficulty.
Students gain hands on experience in basic techniques.
Students gain hands on experience of the use of an electron gun in pulsing mode.
Students gain hands on, computer based experience in analyzing market data.
Students gain hands-on experience and carry a lot of responsibility for the project.
Students gain hands-on experience and complete a project.
Students gain hands-on experience assessing environmental problems using remotely sensed data.
Students gain hands-on experience assisting the faculty with writing chapters and grants.
Students gain hands-on experience at the farm in a variety of ways.
Students gain hands-on experience caring for plants and learn responsibility.
Students gain hands-on experience in a lab environment.
Students gain hands-on experience in a variety of laboratory assignments.
Students gain hands-on experience in an international community service agency.
Students gain hands-on experience in community clinics and hospitals.
Students gain hands-on experience in conjunction with the engineering concepts learned in lecture.
Students gain hands-on experience in growing plants in the department's greenhouses.
Students gain hands-on experience in research.
Students gain hands-on experience in the artistic media and the use of art materials.
Students gain hands-on experience in the courtroom by reenacting court cases.
Students gain hands-on experience in the installation and troubleshooting of hardware components.
Students gain hands-on experience in their area of study while working along side faculty and staff.
Students gain hands-on experience in using an integrated accounting system.
Students gain hands-on experience through clinical training in area dental offices.
Students gain hands-on experience through internships and research projects.
Students gain hands-on experience through internships, independent studies, and field trips.
Students gain hands-on experience using a personal computer to complete class projects.
Students gain hands-on experience using the latest software available.
Students gain hands-on experience using tools, shells, and prototyping languages.
Students gain hands-on experience while providing a service for local institutions.
Students gain hands-on experience while witnessing the various aspects of medicine.
Students gain hands-on experience with a variety of applications and equipment.
Students gain hands-on experience with commercial database systems and interface building tools.
Students gain hands-on experience with environmental questions and problem solving.
Students gain hands-on experience with several types of pilot scale unit operations.
Students gain hands-on experience working with laboratory animals.
Students gain hands-on experience working with maps in the computer lab.
Students gain hands-on exposure to selected legal environments.
Students gain hands-on instruction.
Students gain hands-on laboratory experience which reinforces classroom theory.
Students gain hands-on research and team experience both in the laboratory and in the field.
Students gain hands-on training experience through the organization and delivery of training.
Students gain higher retention of key Bible stories.
Students gain immediate practical results by working on their own live sales opportunities.
Students gain immensely from viewing videotapes of their scenes.
Students gain important skills and are exposed to the excitement of the hunt for new knowledge.
Students gain in appreciation and senses of responsibility for the earth's natural resources.
Students gain in decoding ability, and speech and language.
Students gain in feelings of self-worth and capabilities.
Students gain in-depth knowledge and update skills.
Students gain in-depth knowledge through analysis of specific case studies.
Students gain information about famous women and learn basic paper engineering.
Students gain information in a variety of ways.
Students gain insight and understanding behind the nature and characteristics of waves.
Students gain insight into character's point of view.
Students gain insight into energy supply and demand and develop critical thinking skills.
Students gain insight into how to think and find things out on their own.
Students gain insight into the interpretation and validity of statistical measures.
Students gain insight into the relationship between creative design and quality of finished sample.
Students gain insight into ways in which government regulations affect the behavior of producers.
Students gain insight into world cultures and their own cultural assumptions.
Students gain insight.
Students gain insights into the nature of society and the natural laws of economic behavior.
Students gain instantly marketable skills.
Students gain intelligence in college depending on what they study and how they learn.
Students gain invaluable academic and objective experience from the two environments.
Students gain invaluable experience by writing their own works and editing the works of others.
Students gain invaluable experience working in the college s extensive greenhouse facilities.
Students gain invaluable experience working in the extensive campus greenhouse facilities.
Students gain IT know-how for computer network administration and Internet support.
Students gain knowledge and experience of wine through the study of viticulture and oenology.
Students gain knowledge and insights that make a real difference in their work.
Students gain knowledge and skill in lesson composition and teaching methodology.
Students gain knowledge and skills through courses in both business and education.
Students gain knowledge and understanding of the cultures where Spanish is spoken.
Students gain knowledge by helping other students.
Students gain knowledge by leveraging IT to seek out solutions and answers.
Students gain knowledge of both the management and technical aspects improvement.
Students gain knowledge of elementary algebraic concepts in preparation for intermediate algebra.
Students gain knowledge of how to protect themselves, their friends, and their families from crime.
Students gain knowledge of human anatomy and dissection experience.
Students gain knowledge of instruments and dental materials necessary for dental care.
Students gain knowledge of various countries and their cultures.
Students gain knowledge on chosen instruments as well as knowledge in theory and musicianship.
Students gain knowledge that can be applied to their future career goals.
Students gain knowledge through the use of models that simulate asset and liability management.
Students gain knowledge.
Students gain laboratory experience in problem solving and construction.
Students gain leadership experience through leading program efforts in a variety of areas.
Students gain leadership skills and experience with applications in a group setting.
Students gain major-related work experience and reinforcement of their academic program.
Students gain more than income from most work-study experiences.
Students gain much experience living in a foreign country.
Students gain much hands-on experience using real data.
Students gain museum and gallery experiences and are involved in a final exhibition of their work.
Students gain musical skills and artistry through individual instruction.
Students gain new cultural experiences while working in either Finland or Switzerland.
Students gain no rights to any course or a section of a course until fees are paid.
Students gain occupational experience and employment skills in real business situations.
Students gain one year of career-related experience.
Students gain or improve skills for employment and enhance their personal and professional lives.
Students gain oral skills and cultural sensitivity.
Students gain original research experience by undertaking a thesis project.
Students gain ownership of a concept or relationship.
Students gain ownership of their writing, and with ownership comes responsibility.
Students gain participation points by answering correctly.
Students gain performance experience through serious concert work.
Students gain personal insight and perspectives from recognized authorities and notable scholars.
Students gain personal rewards and valuable lifelong friendships through membership.
Students gain perspective on social and community issues as they relate to the medical profession.
Students gain perspective.
Students gain practical application of research techniques and project management.
Students gain practical experience and knowledge of computer operating systems.
Students gain practical experience both in and out of the classroom.
Students gain practical experience by completing internships at both the junior and senior levels.
Students gain practical experience by helping to produce college publications.
Students gain practical experience by participating in a major campaign.
Students gain practical experience by undertaking a small-scale research project.
Students gain practical experience by using electronic instruments, microprocessors and computers.
Students gain practical experience in a relevant organisation during the summer period.
Students gain practical experience in all phases of theatrical production.
Students gain practical experience in breeding and horse care management.
Students gain practical experience in building and testing printed circuit boards.
Students gain practical experience in conducting an ensemble along with their classroom work.
Students gain practical experience in manual and automated hematology and coagulation procedures.
Students gain practical experience in neuropsychological assessment.
Students gain practical experience in project planning and evaluation.
Students gain practical experience in project planning, system design and evaluation.
Students gain practical experience in publishing by producing handmade books.
Students gain practical experience in research techniques used in selected areas of psychology.
Students gain practical experience in speaking situations.
Students gain practical experience in the operation of a cytopreparatory laboratory.
Students gain practical experience in the salon lab.
Students gain practical experience of plant breeding and crop production.
Students gain practical experience of software packages.
Students gain practical experience through a supervised internship at a professional site.
Students gain practical experience through computer applications.
Students gain practical experience through the use of practice cases.
Students gain practical experience through work on the campus newspaper and magazine.
Students gain practical experience while exploring the various areas of theater production.
Students gain practical experience while still in college.
Students gain practical experience working in a campus or community arts organization.
Students gain practical experience working on student newspaper.
Students gain practical experience working on the student newspaper.
Students gain practical experience.
Students gain practical experiences in the computer lab.
Students gain practical hands-on experience with various software and applications.
Students gain practical insight into how new concepts relate their pre-established concepts.
Students gain practical insight into their own unique styles of learning.
Students gain practical knowledge and experience and develop a passion for learning for a lifetime.
Students gain practical knowledge of group dynamics, group development, and group leadership styles.
Students gain practical training from laboratory exercises.
Students gain practical, verifiable experience working with young children in a work environment.
Students gain practice in creating materials camera-ready for printing.
Students gain practice in designing fsa.
Students gain practice in directing and producing different types of in-studio television programs.
Students gain practice in generating ideas, revising, and editing.
Students gain practice in identifying an act of ministry and developing a project to address it.
Students gain practice in persuasive writing.
Students gain practice in realizing that ideas have consequences.
Students gain practice in setting up experiments and manipulating machines and formulas.
Students gain practice using audiovisual techniques.
Students gain practice with concepts of evolution using vertebrates as models.
Students gain presentation skills, writing skills, and counseling skills.
Students gain principles.
Students gain problem solving, interviewing, and organizational experience.
Students gain problem-solving skills through the learning experience.
Students gain professional certification and experience leading to jobs after high school.
Students gain professional experience in the field of recreation and leisure services.
Students gain professional experience.
Students gain professional training and insight in their chosen field.
Students gain proficiency at an intermediate level through literary and cultural exercises.
Students gain proficiency in presenting material to a diversity of audiences.
Students gain proficiency in traditional and computer design skills.
Students gain proficiency in using microscopes and having some of their success videotaped.
Students gain proficiency in using reversal print material.
Students gain proficiency in writing for the print media.
Students gain proficiency through both class and laboratory experiences in a variety of settings.
Students gain rapid recall, permanent memorization, and self confidence.
Students gain reading skills to better comprehend theological literature.
Students gain real experience in working through geologic problems.
Students gain real time experience by working in a company laboratory.
Students gain real world experience when they prepare an actual marketing plan for a local business.
Students gain real-world experience and companies receive inexpensive solutions to their problems.
Students gain research expe rience from their first year and throughout their graduate careers.
Students gain self confidence and learn to rely on others as well.
Students gain self-confidence along with dance skills.
Students gain self-confidence and a very real sense of pride in their work.
Students gain self-confidence during empowerment days.
Students gain self-confidence in oral communication.
Students gain self-confidence through small classes and individualized attention.
Students gain self-confidence through the successful completion in difficult training events.
Students gain self-confidence when they complete difficult musical ventures.
Students gain self-esteem and confidence through completed assignments.
Students gain self-esteem by receiving recognition for success in academic and personal growth.
Students gain significant knowledge of world spatial relationships.
Students gain skill and stamina.
Students gain skill drawing hands and faces using appropriate human proportion.
Students gain skill in expressive drawing using various media.
Students gain skills by using applicable automated job performance aids.
Students gain skills in audio-visual design, animation, and multimedia authoring.
Students gain skills in conflict analysis by application projects in their own area of interest.
Students gain skills in critical thinking, leading and presenting discussions, and new technology.
Students gain skills in digital photography and web production.
Students gain skills in ethical decision making relating to a bias-free environment.
Students gain skills in hands-on practice developing the case statement and grant writing.
Students gain skills in language arts, computers, graphic design, and business.
Students gain skills in problem solving and mathematical reasoning.
Students gain skills in report writing, research techniques, and in conducting presentations.
Students gain skills in selecting equipment and individual and group management techniques.
Students gain skills in theater techniques and production processes.
Students gain skills in working with chocolate, marizpan, nougat and pastillage.
Students gain skills necessary in preparing lesson plans for use in teaching the Bible.
Students gain skills necessary to understand, appreciate and create music.
Students gain skills to become lifelong investigators.
Students gain skills writing and running Visual Basic programs.
Students gain skills.
Students gain some familiarity with microcomputers and using common statistical packages.
Students gain some insight for designing and actual building with tools.
Students gain sound technical and creative control of the medium.
Students gain specific skills in a practical job setting.
Students gain strength and insight through the sharing of meals, prayers, education and recreation.
Students gain substantial experience developing a sample compiler.
Students gain technical competence that meets or exceeds the needs of industry.
Students gain technical depth by selecting a concentration track.
Students gain technological knowledge and understanding, as well as technological capability.
Students gain technology skills applicable to the world of work.
Students gain technology skills that can be used in the classroom to support learning.
Students gain the ability to accurately render shape and value relationships on a flat surface.
Students gain the ability to understand complex medical terms.
Students gain the competencies required for entry level positions in the field.
Students gain the deeper understanding that is critical for guiding the learning of mathematics.
Students gain the intellectual skill of moving freely to and from the concrete and the abstract.
Students gain the knowledge and experience needed to pursue a job after graduation.
Students gain the knowledge and skills to assess the health status of a patient.
Students gain the knowledge and skills to make realistic health career choices.
Students gain the knowledge needed for developing a major fashion retailer's campaign.
Students gain the knowledge, skills, and values needed to succeed as professionals.
Students gain the means to develop their own creative genius and to inspire their audience.
Students gain the practical experience of publishing a paper.
Students gain the skills of information design in audio, video, and multimedia formats.
Students gain the skills to critically interpret and evaluate the writing of others.
Students gain the tools for learning more, with better comprehension.
Students gain the valuable hands-on training that employers expect.
Students gain their museum experience through working at a local museum.
Students gain their own accreditation from individuals they respect.
Students gain understanding and skills essential to group and choral singing.
Students gain understanding of behaviors that are universal across cultures.
Students gain understanding of how cultural links to language enhance communication.
Students gain understanding of how disease can functionally and structurally affect the body.
Students gain understanding of letters, legal documents, and forms used in the legal office.
Students gain understanding of relationship between front and back of the house.
Students gain useable knowledge that provides value-added benefits in their future job performance.
Students gain valuable business experience through jobs, the classroom and a variety of activities.
Students gain valuable confidence in taking college level courses in a controlled environment.
Students gain valuable experience and apply knowledge they received in vocational education classes.
Students gain valuable experience and build relationships with mentors and role models.
Students gain valuable experience and income through participation in the co-op program.
Students gain valuable experience and learn about living in other countries.
Students gain valuable experience and make a positive difference in the lives of local youth.
Students gain valuable experience and make important contacts with employers.
Students gain valuable experience in a wide variety of professions through internship opportunities.
Students gain valuable experience that translates to high marketability upon graduation.
Students gain valuable experience which translates into high marketability upon graduation.
Students gain valuable experience which translates to high marketability upon graduation.
Students gain valuable experience while working on career ed credit.
Students gain valuable experience with the latest technology.
Students gain valuable experience working with children and families.
Students gain valuable experience working with research programs that focus on the elderly.
Students gain valuable experience, a paycheck and contacts for possible employment after graduation.
Students gain valuable experience.
Students gain valuable hands-on experience and benefit future students at the same time.
Students gain valuable hands-on experience through practical laboratory experiments and projects.
Students gain valuable hands-on experience with the equipment throughout their degree program.
Students gain valuable hands-on experience working in our automotive technology lab on campus.
Students gain valuable hands-on skills through an applied learning experience.
Students gain valuable industrial experience and fresh perspectives on their university education.
Students gain valuable insights through meeting practioners in the professions.
Students gain valuable job skills in local museums, galleries, auction houses, and art foundations.
Students gain valuable knowledge that can be put to use immediately.
Students gain valuable laboratory skills and experience in the psychological sciences.
Students gain valuable nursery experience from the classes and working at the nursery itself.
Students gain valuable practical experience and develop an awareness of community needs.
Students gain valuable practical experience in all aspects of newspaper production.
Students gain valuable practical experience in diplomacy and international affairs.
Students gain valuable real-life legal experience working directly with clients and attorneys.
Students gain valuable skills and schools get free computers.
Students gain valuable work experience and also network with people in the professional world.
Students gain valuable work experience and real-world application of their education.
Students gain valuable work experience by applying theoretical knowledge to practical situations.
Students gain various experiences in church music according to their areas of interest.
Students gain work experience and employment references.
Students gain work experience and explore a particular field from the viewpoint of another culture.
Students gain work experience related to their field of study.
Students gain work experience.
Students gain writing proficiency through written exercises and short compositions.
Students gain, in particular, an awareness of the background of Hispanic countries.
Students gallop and skip through the maze to the music.
Students gather and analyze data, and share a plan for improvement at the end of the week.
Students gather and apply knowledge from multiple disciplines in their quest for solutions.
Students gather and are met by college and high school staff for a variety of games.
Students gather and integrate information.
Students gather and organize data.
Students gather and pray together outside a public school.
Students gather and submit data about a variety of natural objects from butterflies to flowers.
Students gather annually at school flagpoles to pray before the school day.
Students gather around the computer connected to a presentation device.
Students gather around the computer to watch the trial.
Students gather around the flagpole on their campus for prayer and sometimes music and fellowship.
Students gather around the space tree just north of the school building.
Students gather around their flagpole to pray.
Students gather at the hors d'oeuvres table prior to The Etiquette Dinner.
Students gather at the library to do assignments, share views with compatriots and study.
Students gather career information from a practicing professional in an area of interest.
Students gather career information from practicing professionals in areas of interest.
Students gather customer satisfaction surveys.
Students gather data about present eating, exercise, sleep, work, and stress patterns.
Students gather data by playing the game, then finding the probability for each occurrence.
Students gather data for exploration by attending plays, concerts, movies, and art galleries.
Students gather data for one to three weeks both inside and outside of regular class time.
Students gather data from the field, over the Internet, and through experiments.
Students gather data on the cost of housing and the square footage of the house.
Students gather every day to learn, grow, and to create a community.
Students gather evidence to build a picture of diversity and change over time.
Students gather facts and discuss their findings and impressions.
Students gather for a donut and juice break.
Students gather for a meal and a discussion or activity planned by the leadership team.
Students gather for an evening to share memories, stories of adventure, and great photos.
Students gather for announcements.
Students gather grass, leaves, sticks and roots.
Students gather in a circle on the floor to initially meet the cockroaches.
Students gather in a circle.
Students gather in predetermined groups at the spring.
Students gather in semi-circle on the rug in front of the teacher.
Students gather in the commons area to exchange news before and after school.
Students gather in the multipurpose room for food, hot drinks, and a time to socialize.
Students gather info.
Students gather information about a topic, summarize, and present the information.
Students gather information about their fellow students and share data.
Students gather information about their particular state.
Students gather information and write a report using correct bibliography for sources.
Students gather information beyond scheduled class time.
Students gather information for their topic and city.
Students gather information on civil rights and complete projects.
Students gather information through reading, transform and organize it in their writing.
Students gather information.
Students gather inside a simulated assembly hall, positioned in virtual chairs and rows.
Students gather knowledge.
Students gather local data about competitors, weather, food, etc.
Students gather local temperature and sunlight data during a specific week of the project.
Students gather marketing information from primary and secondary sources using on line sources.
Students gather more information to support or modify their conclusions.
Students gather necessary materials.
Students gather observations and data to generate a model that illustrates a landing site on Mars.
Students gather on a regular basis to knit hats for the homeless in the Williamstown area.
Students gather outside their South African school before classes begin.
Students gather plastic milk cartons which are then cut and assembled as shown above.
Students gather regularly to celebrate major Jewish holidays.
Students gather round a computer in one of the public computer labs to view pornographic images.
Students gather samples from a local pond and examine the organisms they find with microscopes.
Students gather some data about preconceptions in their own domains.
Students gather survey questions from the Internet and from literature.
Students gather teaching resources that reflect current research and instructional theories.
Students gather the food one square at a time and bring it back to their den.
Students gather the information and use it according to their particular classroom objectives.
Students gather the necessary information.
Students gather the news, shoot the video, report, edit and anchor the newscast.
Students gather the participants' responses.
Students gather their friends and form teams to join the competition.
Students gather to challenge each other at playing the game.
Students gather to chat and finish their homework.
Students gather to gather, hand in hand, to pray for the upcoming school year and their campus.
Students gather to hear a variety of speakers.
Students gather to hear the concert band.
Students gather to learn in an atmosphere of friendship and camaraderie.
Students gather to study, socialize, and to develop support groups.
Students gather to talk over ideas.
Students gather to watch the alumni soccer game.
Students gather to watch the seining of the salt pond.
Students gather together regularly to share, help each other and work on the assignments.
Students gather two rock samples from outside and return to classroom.
Students gather under the Visit Myanmar Year mascot.
Students gather weekly for fellowship, refreshments and a brief program in small-group settings.
Students gather weekly in the gymnasium for loosely organized basketball, volleyball, and soccer.
Students gather weekly to share, laugh, and pray.
Students gather, evaluate and report on educational news.
Students gather, organize, graph and analyze their data to find the answer.
Students gear up for spring visits by researching individual species.
Students generalize about patterns in the target language beyond taught materials.
Students generalize and reflect.
Students generalize arithmetic procedures used for integers to solve abstract problems.
Students generalize numerical patterns by giving the rule for the nth term.
Students generally alternate periods of work with periods of study in a computer science field.
Students generally apply for medical school during the summer of their junior year.
Students generally apply for the program in the spring of their sophomore years.
Students generally apply in the spring of their sophomore year.
Students generally apply to a number of universities and are often admitted to more than one.
Students generally apply to one of several approved foreign study programs.
Students generally apply to the program during the sophomore year.
Students generally apply to the program during their sophomore year.
Students generally are familiar with a number of aspects related to school emergency plans.
Students generally are more accepting of a project they choose for themselves.
Students generally are more successful after a good night's rest and after eating breakfast.
Students generally become certified therapeutic recreation specialists.
Students generally begin graduate work during the fall semester.
Students generally begin taking concentration courses in the beginning of the junior year.
Students generally begin the dual degree programs in their second year of law school.
Students generally begin their theses research during their first summer of residence.
Students generally begin work the first day of class.
Students generally believe it is more risky to report a teacher, than if they stay quiet.
Students generally benefit from the experience of researching a specific topic in some depth.
Students generally bring in their own projects to repair or make repairs on campus.
Students generally can complete requirements for a certificate in six months.
Students generally can concentrate on either American or British literature.
Students generally can receive training on the assistive technologies or the standard applications.
Students generally can see a clinician the same day they call or the following day.
Students generally carry seven periods of classwork daily.
Students generally choose one class from each to satisfy the goal.
Students generally choose partners and are assigned a side.
Students generally choose the country whose language they are studying.
Students generally choose their research advisors by the end of their first year of graduate study.
Students generally come on campus only for workshops and examinations.
Students generally come to the lab to learn about how research is designed and implemented.
Students generally communicate with their instructor via phone, mail, or email.
Students generally complete their major coursework within their first two years in the program.
Students generally complete their programs in two years.
Students generally complete thirty semester hours each year.
Students generally control the success of their job.
Students generally decide on their thesis research adviser at the end of their first fall semester.
Students generally declare a major at the end of their sophomore year.
Students generally declare their academic major at the end of their second year of enrollment.
Students generally dislike extensive comments or excessively brief remarks and symbols.
Students generally do better on questions that test factual knowledge.
Students generally do better when they take the exam at the time scheduled.
Students generally do just as well in the Web course as in the interactive course.
Students generally do their field experience during the summer between their junior and senior year.
Students generally earn six credits a year toward a diploma.
Students generally elect an internship experience in their junior or senior years.
Students generally elect German, French, or Russian.
Students generally enroll in internships after they complete their junior year.
Students generally enroll in internships after they complete their junior years.
Students generally enroll in two classes per term with the exception of a two-semester residency.
Students generally enroll in two courses each semester.
Students generally enter a major after one year and before their third year.
Students generally enter a residential learning community the first semester of their freshman year.
Students generally enter in one of three temporary educational classifications.
Students generally enter the program at the end of the eighth grade.
Students generally find career opportunities in four main areas.
Students generally find credits are accepted without a problem.
Students generally find it very difficult to catch-up after missing one or more class meetings.
Students generally find that the research project is their major endeavor after the first year.
Students generally find their own notetakers in class.
Students generally finish in less than an hour.
Students generally finish the program in about five years.
Students generally finish their degree requirements in two years.
Students generally focus on one of the three major areas of finance in designing their program.
Students generally follow a plot line once they have learned how to do so.
Students generally form close working relationships with one or more faculty members.
Students generally fulfill the requirements for the Ph.D. degree within four to six years.
Students generally go on to study a variety of social science related fields.
Students generally go to the field themselves.
Students generally graduate after eight semesters.
Students generally graduate after four or five years.
Students generally graduate.
Students generally have a difficult time with the conceptualization of the process.
Students generally have a field-experience during their undergraduate experience.
Students generally have a number of questions about internships.
Students generally have a strong interest in the natural resources and in working with people.
Students generally have greater success when they keep good attendance.
Students generally have more free time.
Students generally have numerous menu choices in the cafeteria.
Students generally have options in studio choices among problems, faculty and methods.
Students generally have some kind of theoretical frame when they begin inductive inquiry.
Students generally have the objective of entering the job market immediately upon graduation.
Students generally have the opportunity to teach during their training.
Students generally have the opportunity to work part-time in the clinical microbiology laboratory.
Students generally have their own rooms, but share sanitary and kitchen facilities with others.
Students generally have to remember only a few things to do at each point.
Students generally have very tight schedules.
Students generally intern for eight weeks during the summer session.
Students generally know that things decay, especially food.
Students generally learn Japanese, Italian, German, Russian, Chinese, Spanish, Persian and Arabic.
Students generally learn more outside the classroom than inside.
Students generally like the interface.
Students generally like to add a rug and curtains to their room for decoration.
Students generally live and board at school.
Students generally live in single-room university dormitories.
Students generally live or work within a driving distance of one hour.
Students generally lose knowledge over the three-month summer break.
Students generally love using their imagination and can sometimes relate to the traits or choices.
Students generally make friends quickly.
Students generally make their own arrangements.
Students generally meet in classes several hours each day and are responsible for exams and papers.
Students generally meet weekly with their supervisors to discuss progress.
Students generally meet with a counselor on a weekly basis.
Students generally meet with their tutor for one hour each week for the entire semester.
Students generally move house annually so find many items to throw away at moving time.
Students generally overestimate the burdens of taking a tax class and underestimate the benefits.
Students generally pay a monthly fee instead of by the lesson.
Students generally pay a significant premium for the privilege of studying the Western curriculum.
Students generally pay for personal expenses and books with their campus job earnings.
Students generally perceive that the classroom is almost free of racist or sexist behavior.
Students generally perceive their school experiences as positive, although discrimination is felt.
Students generally photocopy the material, so turnaround is rapid.
Students generally prefer to work in the dining commons nearest their assigned residence hall.
Students generally progress through the fourth vector during their sophomore and junior years.
Students generally receive additional research assistantships during the summer months.
Students generally receive aid from a variety of sources.
Students generally receive college credit for co-op positions.
Students generally receive intensive services for two or three semesters.
Students generally receive one hour of tutoring per course each week, if needed.
Students generally receive research or teaching assistantships during their program of study.
Students generally receive substantial feedback on their work, both about content and writing.
Students generally receive their Ph.D. in the fifth year.
Students generally register for classes after arriving at the host institution.
Students generally rely on the local community for housing needs.
Students generally rent rooms in homes and apartments, or sometimes they rent whole houses.
Students generally report dissatisfying outcomes related to team learning experiences.
Students generally request the same number of credits that courses in the college catalog utilize.
Students generally reside with host families who provide the morning and evening meals.
Students generally schedule time to eat before strenuous physical activity.
Students generally seem to believe that traditional colleges do deliver a good education.
Students generally seem to like it a lot.
Students generally select a thesis advisor during the second year.
Students generally select an area of interest based upon consideration of future career plans.
Students generally select four to five electives to supplement their department courses.
Students generally settle in within a week.
Students generally share a room with one or two other students.
Students generally share bath and kitchen facilities.
Students generally show respect for each other and the educators in the school.
Students generally shower in the morning, prepare and eat their own breakfast.
Students generally shower in the swimsuits they used in their previous activity.
Students generally sign up for learning communities during summer orientation.
Students generally specialize in one area but are encouraged to take courses in all four.
Students generally specialize in one area, but are encouraged to take courses in all four.
Students generally stay in inexpensive, but comfortable and convenient youth hostels.
Students generally stay off site or at their personal residences.
Students generally study abroad during their junior or senior year.
Students generally take a combination of taught papers and research.
Students generally take a design studio each term.
Students generally take a mix of subject area classes in any field imaginable.
Students generally take a three credit course.
Students generally take a year and a half to complete the program.
Students generally take care of and respect their own property and that of other students.
Students generally take classes every morning.
Students generally take from one to three years to complete the dissertation.
Students generally take no more than one Honors course per semester.
Students generally take one class at a time.
Students generally take only one course at a time.
Students generally take subjects they are studying for A-level or similar examinations.
Students generally take the core courses in their first two semesters of residence.
Students generally take the evaluations quite seriously, and many provide detailed comments.
Students generally take the POC during their last two years in school.
Students generally take their first graduate course during the fall semester of their senior year.
Students generally take their qualifying exams in the spring of their third year.
Students generally take three courses a semester.
Students generally take two classes per semester and earn a degree in two or three years.
Students generally take two courses per session.
Students generally tap multiple sources to pay for their four-year college education.
Students generally tap multiple sources to pay for their two-year college education.
Students generally tend to ask questions about how to check their email or setup a dial-up account.
Students generally tend to think first about expanding an operation to improve income.
Students generally transfer with junior standing.
Students generally try to complete an assignment with as little effort as possible.
Students generally use soft luggage, especially camping style back-packs.
Students generally use the catalog under which they entered the university.
Students generally use the labs on an as-needed basis.
Students generally wear jeans, t-shirts, and other informal clothing.
Students generally work at their own pace to complete the required course content.
Students generally work during the summer months and arrange their own work placement.
Students generally work eight to twelve hours per week to earn their allocation.
Students generally work in groups of two.
Students generally work in the same research areas as at Delaware.
Students generally work independently.
Students generally work on one or two subjects at a time.
Students generally work on projects that are closely related to faculty research interests.
Students generally work six to eight hours per week.
Students generally work two full days each week of the semester.
Students generally write their research papers in English.
Students generate a business plan and then begin a partnership that provides consumable goods.
Students generate a business plan for operating a corporation involved in manufacturing.
Students generate a hypothesis that relates to the lab.
Students generate a list of products produced at the missions and their uses.
Students generate a list or draw pictures on tagboard to chart the ideas gathered in interviews.
Students generate a list.
Students generate a written response based on a prompt.
Students generate all the possible combinations from a given set of components.
Students generate and apply criteria for judging the merit and significance of artworks.
Students generate and share ideas with teacher and class.
Students generate and test hypotheses.
Students generate arts works that communicate ideas.
Students generate computer art of various types and evaluate software packages.
Students generate corporate identity packages and grids used in publishing and design.
Students generate designs and support paperwork for several theatrical productions.
Students generate energy.
Students generate examples of similes in speech and writing using the topic of school.
Students generate examples.
Students generate graphics based on horizontal and vertical noise contour maps.
Students generate ideas to avoid potential problems with borrowed material.
Students generate income within three months of starting the program.
Students generate knowledge.
Students generate lists of items found in drug stores.
Students generate lists of traits of the main character and butterflies on index cards.
Students generate most of the software analyses.
Students generate new and creative ideas by taking considered risks in a variety of contexts.
Students generate onsite writing.
Students generate personal lists that they share with other members of the group.
Students generate problems, consider options, propose solutions, and demonstrate their solutions.
Students generate problems,consider options, propose solutions, and demonstrate their solutions.
Students generate proposals,progress reports, and give formal presentations on their projects.
Students generate questions about adolescence.
Students generate several ideas, using a variety of approaches.
Students generate sketches for seating using brainstorming techniques.
Students generate specific questions from their prior knowledge activity.
Students generate specific, practical suggestions for enhancing the environment.
Students generate stories and questions for each situation.
Students generate subtraction and addition number equations.
Students generate their own meaning.
Students generate theory from contemporary scripts and mind-bending performances.
Students generate three fully developed Web projects.
Students generate user interfaces and reports.
Students generate waves on a piece of elastic string that is fixed at both ends.
Students generously contribute to class discussion.
Students genuinely walk the talk and have become role models for the other students.
Students germinate seeds and have young plants ready in spring to plant in the garden.
Students germinate seeds and use information about the parent plants to predict offspring color.
Students gesso then paint gargoyles outside with 'stone' spray paint.
Students get a bad rep.
Students get a bag of magic tricks.
Students get a benefit by getting money and industrial experience.
Students get a brief geography lesson while practicing their English.
Students get a broad exposure to both theory and research.
Students get a certain amount of money depending on how long they stay with the company.
Students get a chance at the end of every semester to evaluate their instructors.
Students get a chance to apply the knowledge they have learned to hands-on projects in industry.
Students get a chance to ask questions.
Students get a chance to design and actually build four types of bridges.
Students get a chance to evaluate the rate of return on their own college education.
Students get a chance to experience the real thing in their fourth semester.
Students get a chance to explore and learn how math is used in different professions.
Students get a chance to explore some of our programs in a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere.
Students get a chance to improve their English and learn about the local culture.
Students get a chance to interact with recruiters and learn more about the company.
Students get a chance to involve themselves in the many aspects of geology.
Students get a chance to learn how to use our new computers.
Students get a chance to observe and touch live animals right in their own classroom.
Students get a chance to participate in hard-core research before they hit the graduate level.
Students get a chance to see how outsiders view college students.
Students get a chance to see how things have changed as they take a trip down memory lane.
Students get a chance to show off their research and creativity.
Students get a chance to showcase their research to representatives for exposure and feedback.
Students get a chance to sing, play, read poetry and show off their other talents.
Students get a chance to work for the company from the campus for school credit. . . .
Students get a chance to work for the company from the campus for school credit.
Students get a check or a star for good behavior.
Students get a check-sheet ahead of time with the guidelines written on it.
Students get a choice of eight different categories.
Students get a class night off on major holidays and at the end of every semester.
Students get a close-up look at real chicks.
Students get a comprehensive education in theatrical production.
Students get a considerable discount for train tickets and accommodations at hostels.
Students get a crash course in human anatomy.
Students get a different letter every day.
Students get a discount on all classes.
Students get a discounted rate.
Students get a door prize ticket for each presentation and the keynote address.
Students get a feel for line-producing.
Students get a feel of time series from the lab sessions.
Students get a few extra parking spaces and they get a little extra pocket change as well.
Students get a first hand look at the nursing profession.
Students get a first-hand experience on how to dig and prepare fossils.
Students get a first-hand feel for what it's like to work in their field.
Students get a first-hand look at academic life at some of the nation's best professional schools.
Students get a first-hand look at buffalo.
Students get a first-hand look at the facilities and opportunities offered by higher education.
Students get a firsthand look at the problems and opportunities of small business management.
Students get a free computer from the refurbishing program.
Students get a free level of internet access and can purchase upgrades at discounted rates.
Students get a free time-limited copy.
Students get a good idea of the process of excavation, too.
Students get a good reality check from mentoring.
Students get a half credit toward graduation for the semester-long class.
Students get a head start on college courses.
Students get a head start on college.
Students get a hefty dose of the basics, with double periods of reading and math.
Students get a look.
Students get a lot of motivation out of sharing their work with others.
Students get a month and they still have to go to school.
Students get a more interactive experience rather than the standard lecture type format.
Students get a more vivid experience of the political process than they can get from a text book.
Students get a one letter grade reduction for any of the first five days missed.
Students get a pair of tickets to the five mainstage shows at Playhouse.
Students get a partner and sit back to back.
Students get a private tour.
Students get a rare view as they tour the inside of the dam.
Students get a real hands-on experience during their tour of the Compost Demonstration Site.
Students get a real life experience in solving a problem for a user or client.
Students get a 'real world' look and an opportunity to see what's going on in the industry.
Students get a real world perspective from someone in the trenches.
Students get a realistic view of the knowledge and skills needed in the workplace.
Students get a sense of Web larger than what they're used to.
Students get a sound background in pattern drafting, draping, construction, and sketching.
Students get a taste of college life.
Students get a taste of discipline and the work ethic, and experience pride in membership.
Students get a taste of the rancho life through music, costumes and hands-on demonstrations.
Students get a taste of the working world from the moment they arrive for class at the apartment.
Students get a thorough grounding in the sciences, taking courses in biology, physics and chemistry.
Students get a Transcript Notation for the internship.
Students get a tremendous amount out of it, but the agency gets a lot out of it, too.
Students get a valuable learning experience out of the project.
Students get a variety of experiences.
Students get a week off approximately every three months.
Students get a week off between each module.
Students get a working understanding of methods for specifying application system requirements.
Students get a written report on their progress at the end of each course.
Students get a written report on their progress at the end of the course.
Students get access to libraries, advisers, and an online bookstore.
Students get activities.
Students get additional help in basic skills from the resource room.
Students get almost half off the public rate.
Students get an appointment to change their program in the lobby of the main building.
Students get an automatic insurance plan that is covered by a semester charge to the bursar bill.
Students get an early introduction to careers in business and hi-tech fields.
Students get an early start on the New Year Celebration without the hazards of alcohol.
Students get an entirely unique angle on the material that seems to result in real learning.
Students get an immediate response.
Students get an in-depth look at product management, distribution, pricing and promotion strategies.
Students get an inside look at business in action.
Students get an opportunity to gain valuable experience working to help communities.
Students get an opportunity to see that the discipline is focused on actively debating the past.
Students get an opportunity to touch red worms and handle real organic compost.
Students get an opportunity to use imagination and hands-on experience.
Students get an opportunity to visit the cafe' once every six weeks.
Students get answers to some of their questions and develop skills to continue their research.
Students get appreciative e-mail from all parts of the globe.
Students get around Portland just fine by bike, bus, and light rail.
Students get assessments.
Students get assignments for problem logs in last ten minutes.
Students get automatic membership in the Recreational Facility.
Students get ballot and enter voting booth for private vote.
Students get bargain prices on an incredible variety of campus events.
Students get behind, get discouraged, lose interest, and drop out, officially or unofficially.
Students get best values.
Students get better at critiquing the more opportunities they have to learn that skill.
Students get better equipment as they demonstrate that they can take care of it.
Students get better results from the experiments that they perform.
Students get bored doing the same old thing every day.
Students get bored during the long break of summer.
Students get bored if all assignments are similar.
Students get bored quickly with just doing homework.
Students get bored very quickly.
Students get bored with the same routine.
Students get both specialized instruction and a college experience to remember.
Students get both theory and hands-on practice with computers and managerial skills.
Students get breakfast and either lunch or dinner at the villa.
Students get busy, forget, or occasionally get bored with homework assignments they are given.
Students get career exposure and work experience.
Students get chances.
Students get class credit for working on the help desk.
Students get clear, quick, and useful feedback on their work, including homework.
Students get close and personal with real chicks.
Students get computer training while trouble-shooting network problems for their local school.
Students get confused and distracted easily which results in disruption after disruption.
Students get considerable actual practice in media planning activities.
Students get considerable experience in the technical aspects of theater.
Students get constant exposure to how important concepts are expressed.
Students get course credit for clinics, all of which are supervised.
Students get creative as they discover all the possibilities of careers in science.
Students get credit.
Students get credits for the course only by completing both the lectures and the test.
Students get deeply involved and enjoy the learning.
Students get degrees.
Students get detailed training in assessment and intervention with students who have dyslexia.
Students get different editions from different vendors.
Students get dinner for half price.
Students get discounts on all three modes of transport.
Students get discounts on private trainings.
Students get dramatic results.
Students get enough help from teachers during class time.
Students get enrichment sessions in math, reading, science, social studies and language classes.
Students get excited about reading and writing when there's a purpose.
Students get excited about the possibility of something and then interest quickly dies out.
Students get experience conducting their own research.
Students get experience in exam writing and preparation.
Students get experience laying out and fabricating piping systems.
Students get experience.
Students get exposure to merchandising and assembly decisions, and the cost and quality results.
Students get exposure to the real world of work.
Students get extensive hands-on experience in a distinctly different cultural environment.
Students get extensive practical training in dealing with social problems in the community.
Students get extensive practice with vocabulary.
Students get extra help as well.
Students get extra support from adults.
Students get fake money and are able to buy, sell and trade stocks as they choose.
Students get familiar with professional software.
Students get feedback from instructors at other schools.
Students get first hand experience from operating the station.
Students get first priority for copies of the novel.
Students get food donated by popular area restaurants.
Students get free accommodation in the hostel.
Students get free computers and corporate sponsors get millions of eyeballs.
Students get full access to all sessions plus a few special 'For Students Only' events.
Students get full access, including an email account, just like normal students.
Students get further experience in the production of video programs. .
Students get glimpse of Nevada's science facilities.
Students get good discounts on entertainment.
Students get group therapy and individual counseling, in addition to their academics.
Students get growth.
Students get guidance and feedback during the writing process and before the final draft is due.
Students get hand experience.
Students get hands on chance.
Students get hands on experience at small animal hospital.
Students get hands on experience by working in small groups.
Students get hands on experience in applications of quantitative methods to business problems.
Students get hands on with high tech as they design, build, and program their own mobile robot.
Students get hands-on experience doing scientific exercises related to environmental problems.
Students get hands-on experience in career fields they are considering.
Students get hands-on experience in mixing feed at the feedmill and delivering it to the feedbunks.
Students get hands-on experience in print, broadcast and Internet.
Students get hands-on experience in problem solving in a real world setting.
Students get hands-on experience in routine vaginal deliveries and Caesarean sections.
Students get hands-on experience in the practice of law through a simulation of appellate advocacy.
Students get hands-on experience through several computer lab simulations and practice courses.
Students get hands-on experience to complement the theory taught in the class room.
Students get hands-on experience while driving the skid monster in a large lot.
Students get hands-on experience with a wide variety of approaches and resources already published.
Students get hands-on experience with math by learning about electricity.
Students get hands-on experience with word processing, electronic spreadsheets, and databases.
Students get hands-on experience working with digital layout and design, imaging and illustration.
Students get hands-on experience.
Students get hands-on instruction and create simple documents in each program.
Students get hands-on instruction in biology, chemistry, physics and biochemistry.
Students get hands-on practice in wildlife biology, exercise physiology, genetics, and medicine.
Students get hands-on practice using email and the World Wide Web.
Students get help on homework, sample quizzes and review sheets.
Students get help with promptbook scenes.
Students get homework every night.
Students get immediate feedback from the computer and can explore and learn at their own pace.
Students get immediate feedback on their answers.
Students get immediate feedback on their progress.
Students get immediate feedback on their quizzes.
Students get immediate feedback on their work.
Students get immediate feedback since grading can be done regularly.
Students get immediate feedback, and the designer can add explanatory text to quiz responses.
Students get immediate feedback.
Students get in for free.
Students get in free at every show.
Students get in free on Wednesdays.
Students get in free with student identification.
Students get in free.
Students get in on research, too.
Students get in pairs and pick up discussion cards.
Students get in the habit of assuming that everything is a false alarm.
Students get in touch with other international students.
Students get individual attention and really get to know the faculty and their classmates.
Students get individual attention and the opportunity to participate in a wide range of activities.
Students get individual attention and the opportunity to specialize in their studies.
Students get individual attention from faculty.
Students get individualized attention from the teachers or can go to the tutoring center.
Students get info.
Students get information about their courses over campus networks.
Students get information.
Students get instant feedback from email to tests.
Students get instant feedback on how they are doing with a particular skill.
Students get into a party atmosphere and the players and coaches really enjoy it.
Students get into appropriate groups.
Students get into groups of three or four.
Students get into groups of three.
Students get into groups of two and discuss their heirlooms.
Students get into groups.
Students get into habits.
Students get into partners standing a good arms length apart.
Students get into scuffles at all sorts of get togethers.
Students get into teams of three and compete against each other as a fun way to study for the exam.
Students get into teams.
Students get into the act.
Students get into the basketball games for free.
Students get into the pool and are then assisted with putting on the scuba gear.
Students get into their groups of four with a United States map and one-inch cubes.
Students get into their groups of two and create a flag of their choice.
Students get into their own binds.
Students get into their promptbook groups.
Students get into trouble when they try to do too much.
Students get invaluable experience in labs and library settings.
Students get it, respect it, and are even inspired by it.
Students get it.
Students get know each other and form friendships.
Students get lots of information or get helped by accessing the Internet.
Students get lots of practice doing problems.
Students get lots of socail and daily life history form the seniors.
Students get lots of social and daily life history from the seniors.
Students get lots to eat and the classes are great.
Students get mad at students instead of getting to the root of the problem the school.
Students get mail from boxes.
Students get math.
Students get meaningful hands-on experience as well as a chance to assess various career options.
Students get medical assistance at a polyclinic staffed by doctors in all fields of medicine.
Students get more deeply involved when they solve problems in the manner of the discipline .
Students get more exposure to patients and attending physicians and see a broad range of cases.
Students get more for their educational dollar.
Students get more individual attention.
Students get more individualized practice when they use computers for mathematical tasks.
Students get more information from friends then through financial aid.
Students get more interested in reading and language when they see themselves in the curriculum.
Students get more involved when real issues are at stake and valuable information is available.
Students get more options to choose from.
Students get more out of class and education when they take responsibility.
Students get more practice at identifying the beginning, middle, and end of a story.
Students get nervous and are completely shaken by the thought of testing for a new rank.
Students get new phone numbers each year and changes are made annually to the directory.
Students get new, updated models when they hit their junior year.
Students get no benefit from a compulsory course taught by a math-shy teacher.
Students get off scot-free in most cases.
Students get off the field.
Students get on their stomachs and scooterboard through the tunnel.
Students get one chance to answer each question, and they'd better be careful.
Students get one repeat 'free' per question.
Students get one warning for an unhooked smoke detector.
Students get online to take classes from book authors and industry experts.
Students get only one session per week.
Students get on-the job experience under qualified supervision in automotive technology occupations.
Students get on-the job experience under qualified supervision in commercial art occupations.
Students get other accounts that are easy to use.
Students get out of college what they put into it.
Students get out of the summer what they put into it, both scholastically and socially.
Students get out of the year what they put into it, both scholastically and socially.
Students get out of their own way, and the movement just happens.
Students get out specific materials from their books.
Students get out their notebooks and begin writing today's ticket to exit the show.
Students get outstanding value for their education dollar.
Students get paychecks based on their behavior, effort and attendance.
Students get personalized attention.
Students get personalized instruction.
Students get pictures.
Students get pledges from family, relatives and friends for each book they read.
Students get points for level of test questions submitted and their answers on the other test.
Students get practical experience in the creation of web pages.
Students get practical experience in their major.
Students get practical information about the job market presented in an interesting, innovative way.
Students get practice in current subjects while developing crucial test-taking skills.
Students get practice in testing under timed conditions for extended periods of time.
Students get practice in the sue of e-mail, and bulletin boards.
Students get preference.
Students get presents, for example flowers and money.
Students get priority spacing.
Students get prizes and participation awards.
Students get professional experience while attending classes.
Students get professional training on the latest equipment.
Students get ready for an expedition.
Students get ready for practice by donning their shooting gloves.
Students get ready for their parent's visit.
Students get ready to play another round.
Students get real world experience and an on-air broadcast credit.
Students get real world work experience to enhance their classroom education.
Students get really excited to see their run charts.
Students get real-world education at mall.
Students get resources.
Students get results.
Students get right to work without lengthy preparation.
Students get satisfaction from actually creating a working system.
Students get satisfaction from learning a phrase of movement and repeating it.
Students get sick, lost, and into trouble with the law.
Students get significant experience in setting up, programming and operating the equipment.
Students get so involved they barely realize that they're reading the puzzles.
Students get sponsors and jump rope for an allotted amount of time.
Students get sponsors or pledges for the work hours.
Students get stimulating, activity oriented classes from experienced, certified teachers.
Students get straight donations.
Students get strictly unit credit.
Students get strong analytic and performance skills for a variety of communication contexts.
Students get summer internship programs and job experience.
Students get support from their instructors or teaching assistants.
Students get test taking tips, countdowns to testing dates, and locations for testing sites.
Students get the basic theory up front and then work with computer solutions.
Students get the benefits and resources of three sites.
Students get the best courses from several different departments.
Students get the best teaching nowadays.
Students get the big picture.
Students get the book on their own through local bookstores or from an online bookseller.
Students get the certificate along with their doctor of pharmacy degree.
Students get the chance to design, construct, and launch bottle rockets.
Students get the chance to interact and meet different people.
Students get the chance to interact with professionals in the field of the performing arts.
Students get the chance to power and race small steamboats that they take home.
Students get the chance to use the equipment, record data and interpret the results themselves.
Students get the experience of learning something new, with someone new.
Students get the feel of what blubber does.
Students get the first chance to get tickets.
Students get the general grammar in the first year.
Students get the landfill scoop.
Students get the latest in both theory and practical applications from top teachers and scholars.
Students get the low-down on techniques used to enhance the appearance of food in ads.
Students get the mentoring attention that they often fail to get in other areas of the university.
Students get the message very quickly and turn in remarkably clean writing.
Students get the most for their money here.
Students get the opportunity to bake, cook and build small rockets and wooden race cars.
Students get the opportunity to carry out a two-week work placement overseas.
Students get the opportunity to direct, shoot, light, and record sound.
Students get the opportunity to join in the dialogue, to teach and learn from each other.
Students get the opportunity to perform mitzvot without having to confront the problem head on.
Students get the opportunity to practice science and engineering at an early stage in their career.
Students get the opportunity to read by themselves.
Students get the opportunity to rethink their choices and make better ones.
Students get the opportunity to tudy and learn about the creative process.
Students get the opportunity to use our modern imported test equipment.
Students get the opportunity to use the computers at least once a week.
Students get the opportunity to work in small groups and individually with teachers.
Students get the opportunity to work on a real research project.
Students get the opportunity to work on cars that are brought to the program.
Students get the opportunity to work with a variety of different kinds of students.
Students get the personal attention they deserve both in and out of the classroom.
Students get the positive experience of creating and posting web pages in a secure environment.
Students get the possibility to extensively travel throughout Europe and Asia in a single semester.
Students get the satisfaction of being part of a legacy.
Students get the sense that they're in a place where they're cared about.
Students get the unique opportunity to work in a commercial plant setting.
Students get the whole thing about credit.
Students get the window ready to be installed.
Students get the wrong message about acceptable gender roles.
Students get their book lists and can go right to the shelves to obtain the books.
Students get their grades, grade distributions, announcements, and test hints by e-mail.
Students get their hands on four computers in the classroom, two with Internet capability.
Students get their hands wet at sanctuary education events.
Students get their hands wet conducting water quality tests.
Students get their ideas on paper.
Students get their laptops at the beginning of the new school year.
Students get their money and make different combinations.
Students get their money much quicker.
Students get their own passbook so they can watch their savings grow.
Students get their own room where they can relax, study and sleep.
Students get their results on the web immediately after taking the assessment.
Students get their stories scrambled on answers to Bible test.
Students get their textbooks and turn to the appropriate page.
Students get their training at a workplace from mentors and are paid for their work.
Students get their training at the workplace from mentors and are paid for their work.
Students get three chances before punishment is imposed.
Students get three credits, through the English department, and it is one semester long.
Students get tips on resumes, networking, job searches, and other aspects of career development.
Students get tired of seeing the same people always win.
Students get tired of the same thing.
Students get to a certain rank, and then it's the dangle the carrot philosophy.
Students get to accumulate extra credit.
Students get to be creative while applying the knowledge they have just gathered.
Students get to blend their acquired classroom theory with unique practical experiences.
Students get to build and take home their projects.
Students get to build birdhouses.
Students get to choose their electives and there are a wide variety to choose from.
Students get to cut out silhouettes to hang on windows as a warning to birds.
Students get to display their work throughout the year.
Students get to do some word searches.
Students get to experience college tours, and other excit- ing trips.
Students get to experience first hand some of the volcanoes active spewing gasses.
Students get to experience how to communicate over portable and console radios.
Students get to experience life on a large college campus.
Students get to explore the implications of putting a tax on the buyers versus the sellers.
Students get to interact and move around during the hands-on activities.
Students get to keep a record of their heart rate.
Students get to keep their machines intact.
Students get to know a police officer and how they do their job.
Students get to know and love the campus and other students.
Students get to know basic hand tools and industrial machines.
Students get to know each other and form friendships that last decades.
Students get to know each other better as they share their living and learning experiences together.
Students get to know each other in an environment stripped of the comforts in our daily lives.
Students get to know each other through a poetry writing activity.
Students get to know each other, and about oral tradition.
Students get to know important skills that employers want.
Students get to know one another and form long-lasting friendships.
Students get to know students on an informal basis.
Students get to know students other than their friends.
Students get to know teachers so well that very close relationships are formed.
Students get to know their professors as colleagues and mentors.
Students get to know their professors personally and on a first-name basis.
Students get to know their professors.
Students get to know themselves and others better as they engage in trust-building activities.
Students get to know, and be known by, their professors.
Students get to learn more about the most recent research being done in areas of their interests.
Students get to learn the language and pronounce it as it's meant to be.
Students get to make choices, select partners and tasks, and do multiple types of assignments.
Students get to measure rock sections and sample rock soils.
Students get to meet and talk to professors from many different departments.
Students get to meet the people who've written the textbooks they use.
Students get to pick their own topics and speak between two to three minutes.
Students get to plant red onion seeds or sets and take home a recipe for red onion stew.
Students get to practice careful proofreading and a chance to accumulate extra credit.
Students get to practice sorting, matching, copying, drawing, counting, and more.
Students get to produce language in skits, interviews, short essays and in-class discussions.
Students get to put on assemblies.
Students get to race their dragster against the other cars in the class.
Students get to relate to the staff on a new level and vice versa.
Students get to see actual samples of wastewater as it progresses through the system.
Students get to see and hear the experts they read about in the professional literature.
Students get to see and smell where our wastewater goes.
Students get to see close-ups of the ceilings and certain building designs.
Students get to see everything from the inside.
Students get to see evidence bearing on the classic Heart Mountain question.
Students get to see math being used in many ways.
Students get to see patients being anaesthetized, an element missing from most dog labs.
Students get to see the other students in the class and also get to know the instructor.
Students get to see the world of fashion from a French perspective.
Students get to see what they can do, and as a result there's some self-esteem building going on.
Students get to select which faculty to invite and to ask the questions.
Students get to set their own schedules, and can work as often or as little as they want.
Students get to sing, play instruments, action songs, and rhythm games.
Students get to sit back and relax while the staff takes care of all the planning.
Students get to study on a beautiful, park-like campus.
Students get to talk about anything they wish.
Students get to think about, plan and design or modify their experiments.
Students get to think of some examples of the types of jobs people do in their community.
Students get to use reading skills once a week on assignments and textbooks for their other classes.
Students get to wander through each lab, pick up tools, explore real sketches and review notebooks.
Students get to where a hat to school.
Students get to work closely with faculty members who are at the top of their fields.
Students get to work closely with their faculty in and out of the classroom.
Students get to work in a field setting appropriate to their professional learning.
Students get to work in teams and make decisions about alternatives.
Students get to work on small projects, or small pieces of large projects.
Students get to work with scientific equipment while learning about cells of the body.
Students get together and go through grammar, present a dialogue, role play.
Students get together and help create party style meals.
Students get together every spring and pool their basketball skills.
Students get together from all over Japan aiming to become future dairyman.
Students get together on project teams where they research different topics on ethics.
Students get together over the Internet.
Students get up and ask each other what the words mean.
Students get up on time and leave their dorm rooms neat and orderly when they go to class.
Students get up to a month off after taking a sequence of three eight-week courses.
Students get valuable experience in the dental field, and patients get dental care they can afford.
Students get valuable hands-on experience and opportunities for individualized instruction.
Students get valuable practice acting in different design roles.
Students get values.
Students get very anxious waiting for e-mail responses from teachers.
Students get very enthusiastic about their projects.
Students get very excited about the technology.
Students get vocabulary practice and an e-mail pen pal.
Students get what they tolerate.
Students getting a bachelor of arts still have to demonstrate fourth semester proficiency.
Students getting and encouraging others to be drunk is a tradition and way of life for centuries.
Students getting their first licenses can be happy about that.
Students Getting through a graduate program can be tough.
Students giggle nervously around the room.
Students give a classroom recital at the end of each semester.
Students give a prepared oral introduction of their special toy.
Students give a presentation and submit a report, a written review and a portfolio of activities.
Students give a presentation andsubmit a report and a dissertation.
Students give a presentation each semester.
Students give a presentation of their work at the end of the semester.
Students give a presentation on their learning experience using pictures.
Students give a seminar on a pertinent topic.
Students give a seminar on their research.
Students give a set number of presentations to living groups.
Students give a short presentation on their papers towards the end of the semester.
Students give a thumbs up.
Students give a variety of responses.
Students give a verbal report about what they learned at their interviews.
Students give a written response to some lines of the song.
Students give an oral presentation.
Students give an oral report on their research and score themselves.
Students give answers.
Students give answers.
Students give birthdays.
Students give both individual and group presentations.
Students give brief talks on their projects and write an APA-style research report.
Students give commands to a turtle who moves accordingly.
Students give direct patient care under the supervision of clinical instructors.
Students give directions for an activity.
Students give directions to each other.
Students give each other strong support and are always there to cheer at school games.
Students give each other support.
Students give evidence of being able to apply what they have learned in previous grades.
Students give examples of pollutants and learn about ways to prevent pollution at home.
Students give examples of possible legend topics.
Students give examples of purposes that art serves in different cultures and times.
Students give examples of things found in their town or community.
Students give examples.
Students give formal presentations of research results or current literature.
Students give frequent oral presentations and prepare one written assignment each semester.
Students give frequent oral reports.
Students give gifts to their teachers and the teachers performed in a singing competiton.
Students give good feedback.
Students give great free concerts regularly.
Students give group presentations and examine theatre as a reflection of culture and idea.
Students give individual presentations, lead discussions, and participate in debates.
Students give informal presentations, but the atmosphere is also interactive.
Students give information about the field and jobs related to maritime.
Students give input on proposed tuition increase.
Students give it high marks for variety and quality.
Students give it top scores for meeting expectations, responsiveness of profs and staff.
Students give longer, more detailed research recounts about unfamiliar topics.
Students give lowest marks for contact with professionals.
Students give more classroom presentations.
Students give more detailed descriptions of a range of settings, people, etc.
Students give more detailed descriptions of a range of things.
Students give most lectures.
Students give multimedia presentations with use of technology.
Students give one another feedback by completing the statements below.
Students give one seminar per year on a journal article or their own research.
Students give one seminar.
Students give oral and written presentations.
Students give oral presentation outlining the scope of their project.
Students give oral presentations and are asked to perform skits and short plays.
Students give oral presentations and prepare a written essay which are subsequently judged.
Students give oral presentations, write short papers, and design a personal utopia.
Students give oral presentations.
Students give oral reports on the topics they have chosen.
Students give oral reports on their term projects.
Students give practice debate speeches and then move into practice debates.
Students give presentation.
Students give presentations in which they introduce and evaluate their hometown newspapers.
Students give presentations to local boards on various projects.
Students give real-world scenario to apply their science knowledge and solve the problem.
Students give reasonable explanations and can defend their reason logically.
Students give reports on selected artists or topics.
Students give responses.
Students give seminar reports on problems and current research in various areas of oceanography.
Students give seminars and present posters in an afternoon session.
Students give short classroom presentations.
Students give short in-class presentations to their classmates.
Students give some suggestions and vote on one consequence.
Students give spoken subjective responses to literary texts in preparation for review writing.
Students give swimming lessons to elementary school students with disabilities.
Students give synonyms and antonyms as well as visual representations of words and concepts.
Students give talks on a wide range of topics from applied and pure mathematics.
Students give teachers unusually low marks while recruiters are indifferent toward grads.
Students give teachers unusually low marks, while recruiters are indifferent toward grades.
Students give the fee mixed reviews.
Students give the projects to the teachers, and teachers present all data to the class.
Students give the service rave reviews.
Students give the sound.
Students give their opinion on the censorship article .
Students give their presentation to the class and are evaluated by peers and teacher.
Students give their presentation to the class and are evaluated by the teacher.
Students give their teachers cards, presents, drawings, etc.
Students give their view of admissions, the curriculum, the student body, and campus life.
Students give three oral reports, each to be followed by a written version.
Students give two information reports.
Students give two oral reports.
Students give two seminars, one of which is on their research.
Students give up lunch hour two days a week to work in the caf .
Students give up luxuries to experience homeless life .
Students give up on even trying to look presentable.
Students give up on school and find more interesting ways to spend their time.
Students give various reasons for choosing to cook.
Students gives links to various documents of relevance to students.
Students gives minimal responses.
Students giving teachers gifts in some societies is very common.
Students giving their exit seminar at the colloquium are ineligible for the prize.
Students glean ideas from the textbook, the study guide, and the videos.
Students glean the fields once a year and give whatever vegetables they find to area food banks.
Students glue a snapshot on a notecard for the instructor.
Students glue on their stalk and hand for a flower.
Students glue pictures of examples from each category onto the appropriate sheet.
Students glue pieces in place only when the arrangement is complete.
Students glue the bottoms of the flaps to the bag of the bag so that the fin stands up.
Students glue the construction paper objects on to the appropriate parts of the drawn map.
Students glue the flukes to the bottom of the bag.
Students glue their pictures with the correct food group.
Students glue their shapes to their square.
Students go a first had lesson on software evaluation.
Students go all over the world.
Students go and spend time with people different from themselves.
Students go around and around in circles trying to find a parking space.
Students go around the class in order to match and form compound-complex sentences.
Students go around the room and complete the surveys.
Students go as a group in the fall semester, accompanied by a departmental faculty member.
Students go as a group to the blacktop and play-yard.
Students go as far as they want.
Students go at their own pace.
Students go away from home and they learn to rely on themselves in a foreign culture.
Students go back to the website and submit the interview.
Students go back to their food chain drawing and label the parts with the new terms.
Students go back to their schools and relate what they ve learned to the school.
Students go back to their seats and prepare to read out loud.
Students go back to their teams of four.
Students go back to their workstations from the previous class and pull up their assigned Web site.
Students go before review committees to orally demonstrate their proficiency in four subjects.
Students go berserk.
Students go beyond merely having an opinion by honing research skills to defend arguments.
Students go beyond surface choices and make decisions based on critical thinking skills.
Students go deep into curriculum of Lithuanian school which is being reformed.
Students go deeper into the structure and grammar of the English language.
Students go directly from design concepts to computer-assisted application.
Students go directly to college.
Students go directly to the cafeteria.
Students go for a short sail with instructors.
Students go for ten days to study plant life, wildlife, geology, and Indian history.
Students go from building to building, competing in indoor and outdoor games in the winter.
Students go from living in a residence hall to living on their own and renting.
Students go from one activity to the next and the activities are linked through a topic or theme.
Students go here to pay their phone bills and pick up work study checks.
Students go here.
Students go home and repeat the exercise of building the activity chunk by themselves.
Students go home and tell their parents.
Students go home having really made the most of their time in England.
Students go home on a weekly or monthly basis to be with their families.
Students go home on the weekends.
Students go home on weekends.
Students go home with produce, educational materials and a whole lot of great memories.
Students go home with the confidence and know-how to color any photograph.
Students go in pairs to a Somali home daily to assist as language helpers and cultural interpreters.
Students go in small groups with company representatives to learn more about the industry.
Students go in-depth into two software packages to create movies and animated GIFs.
Students go into classics out of love for the field and a love of doing scholarship.
Students go into elementary schools to work with children as part of their community service.
Students go into more detail and have more time for lab work.
Students go into the community to interview, videotape and participate in special projects.
Students go into the field with instructors.
Students go into the streets for a day of service.
Students go off campus.
Students go on a drive, record speed and distance, and then analyze their data.
Students go on a field trip to a supermarket or have a supermarket manager visit class.
Students go on a hunger strike to demand an Asian American studies program.
Students go on a scavenger hunt for patterns around the classroom and the school.
Students go on a scavenger hunt to search for signs of pollution.
Students go on break several times a year.
Students go on field trips together, challenge themselves on rope courses, canoe and camp together.
Students go on fieldtrips to local construction sites as part of their construction curriculum.
Students go on journeys.
Students go on local, Asean and Australian field trips.
Students go on one field trip and also present their master drawings.
Students go on several field trips throughout the year.
Students go on several field trips.
Students go on site to elementary schools and read to children, then discuss books they have read.
Students go on site visits to industrial facilities.
Students go on strike in response to Kent State killings.
Students go on supervised building inspection field trips.
Students go on the internet to fire safety sites to gather fire safety ideas.
Students go on to become species, geography and weather experts.
Students go on to college.
Students go on to do independent research or honors work.
Students go on to employment in the oil or mineral industry, or further research.
Students go on to further education or employment.
Students go on to graduate school in chemistry, medicine, dentistry, and biological sciences.
Students go on to junior and senior HS in home communities.
Students go on to make and play their own alphabet games.
Students go on to varied careers in dance and theatre companies.
Students go on to write, teach, and edit in such fields as business, journalism, and law.
Students go once a week to help a teacher of physically challenged elementary students.
Students go on-line to determine which firms are coming each week.
Students go online to read lectures, participate in discussions, and complete exams.
Students go on-line to send in pa pers to their instructors, and to re ceive advisement.
Students go out and clean up area beaches and lagoon trails.
Students go out every day weather permitting even when it is cold.
Students go out in the field and collect data in their teams.
Students go out into the community to perform fieldwork and service.
Students go out into the playground and take several sheets of paper and a pencil.
Students go out on the Atlantic Ocean with hopes of seeing whales.
Students go outside and identify an organism's relationships to other living things.
Students go outside and line up single file facing the teacher.
Students go outside and perform the rain dance with the teacher.
Students go outside for recess and after lunch break.
Students go outside on a daily basis.
Students go outside to participate in various activity stations in the morning.
Students go outside when the weather is nice.
Students go over each other's final features.
Students go over each other's scenes and second drafts.
Students go there to learn other languages and how to function in a multicultural society.
Students go through a hospital orientation much like the one held for new employees.
Students go through a referral process and various evaluations to determine eligibility.
Students go through a rigorous selection process for entry into our co-op programme.
Students go through an application and selection process prior to entry .
Students go through an on-site orientation upon arrival in Argentina.
Students go through an orientation process.
Students go through assignments at their own pace.
Students go through each program as a group, developing teamwork and leadership abilities.
Students go through here with high marks without every owning a computer.
Students go through pretesting to determine which modules are needed.
Students go through several steps learning about the process involved in a successful mission.
Students go through the food line for their dinner at the aggie picnic.
Students go through the lottery at the earliest time within their group.
Students go through the program in a pre-set order.
Students go through the stations in pairs.
Students go through the steps of serving customers in a restaurant.
Students go through the worksheet, but learn rather little, again as in labs.
Students go through the writing process in the preparation of articles.
Students go to a field or grassy area where they can pick flowers such as clover or daisies.
Students go to a local middle school to take one or two classes.
Students go to a nearby elementary school to assist teachers and mentor students.
Students go to a senior meal site with their own sack lunch for the luncheon.
Students go to a university abroad to start thesis research with a foreign adviser.
Students go to a variety of sites - clinics and hospitals.
Students go to a wide variety of practice settings.
Students go to both winter and summer camp.
Students go to campus only for orientation and exams.
Students go to class every day.
Students go to class in schools that are safe and clean and warm year round.
Students go to class with other business professionals who work and live in that country.
Students go to class, write their papers and finish their homework.
Students go to computers and begin working on text and pictures.
Students go to ex.
Students go to jail if they protest in the name of their human rights.
Students go to learn about the subject that they are most interested in pursuing as a career.
Students go to muscle hut and start to study muscles.
Students go to nursing homes, soup kitchens, and elementary schools.
Students go to one lab period per week, which lasts for up to two hours.
Students go to one of the seven stations to begin their journey.
Students go to one room for an hour to hear about math.
Students go to our school until they complete the fifth grade.
Students go to programming competitions throughout the year.
Students go to school a set number of hours a day and days per year.
Students go to school in the attendance area in which they reside.
Students go to school in the opera house.
Students go to school without even attending class.
Students go to school.
Students go to schools throughout the city.
Students go to schools.
Students go to stations and use the materials with no directions.
Students go to The Amazing Picture Machine Web site.
Students go to the archives for material about the school.
Students go to the center on the designated day and time.
Students go to the computer lab at least once a week for instruction.
Students go to the final stage of the programme.
Students go to the health center when they are sick.
Students go to the libraries as classes with supervision.
Students go to the library and receive instruction each week.
Students go to the library or do research in the classroom.
Students go to the library or search the internet to find information to help solve the mystery.
Students go to the movies to break away from the stress of tests, papers and classes.
Students go to the next stage of the programme.
Students go to the quiz directly.
Students go to the site.
Students Go to the students page to see the class of the millennium pictures.
Students go to their advisors to register.
Students go to their homeroom and put their bags into lockers at the back of the room.
Students go to their lockers between each period of the day.
Students go to work in real companies, doing professional work, normally as seniors.
Students go to worksites.
Students go twice a week to PE and Music and once a week to library.
Students go with the director on an excursion somewhere in Berlin every day .
Students going for one semester only have the self-catered flats as a housing option.
Students going on fieldwork, please come as early as possible.
Students going on the Ecuador seminar usually reside in the house.
Students going to Montreal are responsible for their own transportation costs and usually drive.
Students going to private universities in D.C. or the region can get limited grants.
Students going to Spain can use the money they make for the trip.
Students GPS the perimeter of the island.
Students grab their bags after stuffing their notes away and hurry to their next class.
Students grade other teams essays.
Students grade their teammates on teamwork and participation.
Students grade themselves on their ability to use a searching tool, all positive feedback.
Students grades three through six participated, along with their parents and family members.
Students gradually build a repertoire of lettering styles, using a variety of tools.
Students gradually release pressure on the gates, easing the horse to the floor.
Students gradually take on more responsibility in their research.
Students gradually take on the teacher's role.
Students graduate and get jobs.
Students graduate and make successful transitions to educational or employment settings.
Students graduate as apprentice line workers.
Students graduate as highly skilled journey workers.
Students graduate as safe and competent practitioners, with a wide variety of experiences.
Students graduate at an efficient and timely rate which indicates an effective use of resources.
Students graduate at an efficient and timely rate, which indicates effective use of resources.
Students graduate better prepared to become responsible citizens and employees.
Students graduate from Bennington with a curriculum vitae as well as a diploma.
Students graduate from each level after completing a full year.
Students graduate from high school with little or no direction in life.
Students graduate from high school.
Students graduate from member schools.
Students graduate from programs where they have never seen the campus.
Students graduate from the program prepared to learn and to work.
Students graduate from the school with a master's degree in airpower art and science.
Students graduate from their respective institutions.
Students graduate in five years, during which time they complete a mandatory co-op work experience.
Students graduate in four years with a bachelor's degree in preparation for professional studies.
Students graduate in the spring.
Students graduate knowing how to design circuits and write code.
Students graduate on faculty recommendation.
Students graduate to green belt.
Students graduate via portfolio presentation or through the accumulation of individual credits.
Students graduate well prepared for high school.
Students graduate well-versed in the vendor systems.
Students graduate when their teachers decide they are ready.
Students graduate when they are ready.
Students graduate with a bachelor of arts degree.
Students graduate with a bachelor's degree in a major of their choice, other than education.
Students graduate with a bachelor's degree in their major and a specialization in computing.
Students graduate with a capacity to relate their university studies to the world of business.
Students graduate with a detailed knowledge of all aspects of the scenic design process.
Students graduate with a diploma in Jewish studies at the end of four years.
Students graduate with a high school diploma.
Students graduate with a Master s Degree.
Students graduate with a nationally recognized secondary school diploma.
Students graduate with a Ph.D. in marriage and family through their sponsoring division.
Students graduate with a portfolio of their projects to show future employers during interviews.
Students graduate with a strong academic foundation, a positive self-image, and much more.
Students graduate with a strong background in the liberal and theatre arts.
Students graduate with a very competitive dual degree in studio art and secondary education.
Students graduate with an academic or a vocational diploma.
Students graduate with an appreciation of law as a profession.
Students graduate with an in-depth knowledge of all aspects of costume design for the stage.
Students graduate with an in-depth knowledge of all aspects of technical production.
Students graduate with an M.Phil.
Students graduate with an understanding of business, technology, and innovation.
Students graduate with dual degrees in studio art and secondary education.
Students graduate with essential knowledge, critical thinking and good communication skills.
Students graduate with portfolios and a master's in communications.
Students graduate with significant work experience on their resumes.
Students graduate with the equivalent of nine months of sea time.
Students graduate with the potential to enter college prep algebra in high school.
Students graduate with the professional skills that employers are looking for.
Students graduate with the program.
Students graduate without needed skills.
Students graduating from high school have many career choices.
Students graduating from the program are eligible for state licensing.
Students graduating from the program are in extremely high demand in the wireless industry.
Students graduating from the program are skilled researchers as well as accomplished teachers.
Students graduating now can anticipate many jobs, several careers.
Students graduating prepared to enter college, begin vocational training or get a job.
Students graduating receive a diploma.
Students graduating spring term are eligible to participate in the Spring Commencement only.
Students graduating the semester prior to the meeting are eligible for either award.
Students graduating today enter a competitive job market.
Students graduating with a major in accountancy are eligible to take the CPA examination.
Students graduating with departmental honors are eligible to wear honor cords during commencement.
Students graph adjacent points to represent five different size ships.
Students graph daily weather patterns, showing sunny, cloudy, rainy or snowy days.
Students graph positive and negative items on graph paper.
Students graph quadratic functions and determine the maxima, minima, and zeros of the function.
Students graph quadratic functions and know that their roots are the x-intercepts.
Students graph the accomplishments of the class, and group accomplishment is rewarded.
Students graph the data and draw conclusions by analyzing the data.
Students graph the data as bar graphs and draw inferences from their data.
Students graph the data, and draw conclusions by analyzing the data.
Students graph the experimental data and determine if the hypothesis is supported or disproved.
Students graph the farthest distance travelled by one of their marshmallows.
Students graph the hours of daylight and darkness.
Students graph the hours of night and day from sunrise and sunset times found on the Internet.
Students graph the presidents' ages at inauguration.
Students graph the results of the survey and use the results to plan a class breakfast.
Students graph the summary of medal winners.
Students graph the temperatures vs. the gray scale measurements, etc.
Students graphing circumference, guess how many seeds, buoyancy, and the weight of their pumpkins.
Students grapple with and succeed at analyzing graduate level case studies.
Students grapple with and succeed in analyzing graduate level case studies.
Students grapple with controversial news issues.
Students grapple with various issues arising from cultures different from their own.
Students grasp complex statistical principles very quickly.
Students grasp the abstract because they have experienced the concrete.
Students grasp the reasoning behind the problems.
Students greatly appreciate it if the notes are available several days ahead of the class time.
Students greatly benefit from a good night's sleep and sticking to their regular schedule.
Students greatly benefit from two cooperative education experiences.
Students greet each other between classes.
Students greet the school day with enthusiasm.
Students grind corn meal using stone tools.
Students grind corn using the traditional mano and metate.
Students gripe about paying fees when they feel they get minimal university services.
Students gripe about the amount of reading, the level of reading, the demands of good classes.
Students griping about tuition is nothing new to the university.
Students grossly exaggerate the use of alcohol and other drugs by their peers.
Students grossly overestimate the use of alcohol and other drugs by their peers.
Students grouped by network can then compare results and present a combined report.
Students grow and learn at different rates.
Students grow and learn in a safe, caring, responsive and empowering environment.
Students grow as human beings when they are consistently encouraged to embrace their own creativity.
Students grow as they take responsibility for evaluating their own learning.
Students grow because of that exposure to people with different experiences and backgrounds.
Students grow different forms of algae for a variety of experimental purposes.
Students grow from dependence to independence through the timely allocation of support.
Students grow grasses in both controlled and experimental conditions.
Students grow in ability to perform musically and with technical proficiency.
Students grow in both their knowledge and application as they proceed through the program.
Students grow in confidence as they build their repertoire of skills.
Students grow in interesting ways during the process.
Students grow in many ways while at college.
Students grow in their ability to appreciate their world when they learn the arts.
Students grow in their ability to comprehend their world when they learn the arts.
Students grow incredibly.
Students grow intellectually and emotionally while experiencing life in another culture.
Students grow into successful readers and writers and enthusiastic lifelong learners.
Students grow lima beans to find out about stages of growth in plants.
Students grow more confident as their skills increase.
Students grow plants , collecting data to share with other classrooms.
Students grow plants from seed and observe life cycles.
Students grow some flowers and take daily notes on their development.
Students grow their own crystals directly on microscope slides from aqueous solution.
Students grow their own mold and then submit photos of what grows.
Students grow through study, scholarship, and service.
Students grow tissue from infected apples on plates of agar jelly.
Students grow up in undereducated homes with few books, newspapers, and literature.
Students grow vegetable sections using water and small rocks.
Students grow vegetables and grain in gardens and fish in aquaculture ponds.
Students grow, draw, measure and eat plants and plant parts.
Students guess contents by feel only.
Students guess identity of life form from pictures pinned on their backs.
Students guess or formulate a hypothesis, and then collect data to support their hypothesis.
Students guess products based on list of ingredients.
Students guess the definition of a chosen word.
Students guess the names of U.S. states from mystery clues.
Students guess the titles.
Students guess which team member has the longest arm and longest leg.
Students guess words within categories or the titles of larger categories suggested by the words.
Students guide the direction of the course.
Students guide tours, visit high schools, and host visiting prospective students.
Students guide visitors, help create displays, and teach units.
Students gulp lunch in jammed cafeterias.
Students hail from a variety of backgrounds, cultures, and ages.
Students hail from every county in the state and every state in the nation.
Students hammer siding on a home in Mississippi.
Students hand in angular velocity worksheets.
Students hand in enough copies for everyone in the class.
Students hand in essays electronically and participate in group projects through the Internet.
Students hand in homework assignment from previous night as required.
Students hand in outline and preliminary bibliography two weeks before deadline.
Students hand in outline and preliminary bibliography.
Students hand in proposals.
Students hand in reports and demonstrate their assignments and they get immediate feedback.
Students hand in self-evaluations.
Students hand in the role sheets.
Students hand in the script and then perform a play, based on the script.
Students hand in the summary note for teacher evaluation.
Students hand in their itineraries for a grade.
Students hand in their journals weekly.
Students hand in Web if they finished it today.
Students hand out a survey to at least ten people.
Students handcuff themselves to fences to save dolphins and lobby their congressmen for gun control.
Students handing in assignments that are poorly written can expect to receive poor grades.
Students handle actual cases.
Students handle all aspects of the station's management.
Students handle approximately two immigration cases of varying complexity during the year.
Students handle both civil and criminal cases to broaden their range of lawyering experiences.
Students handle case examples.
Students handle cases involving summary conviction offences and civil matters.
Students handle cash registers, deposits, equipment repair and cleaning.
Students handle data like a scientist.
Students handle every portion of the journal's production.
Students handle four to five cases over two semesters.
Students handle real horse bones and learn how race horses are designed for running.
Students handle selected species of animals.
Students handwritten answers to extended response questions take longer to grade.
Students hang from the handles, with their hands covering the sensors, for as long as they can.
Students hang out at the end of the day's lectures and discuss plans for that evening's adventures.
Students hang, aim, focus, and gel some of the school's lighting instruments.
Students happily work away on computers, researching, word processing, or designing graphics.
Students harness their knowledge to tackle real questions facing managers and entrepreneurs.
Students harvest and produce.
Students has an understanding of flashlight.
Students has to work hard to get moderate results.
Students hate annoying professors.
Students hate being bored, and they hate to sit passively.
Students hate doing it and teachers dread grading it.
Students hate learning the facial grammar.
Students hate to use the mainframe in any capacity, because it's such a cumbersome dinosaur.
Students haul away pick-up loads of debris.
Students have (part) arms.
Students have (part) body substances.
Students have (part) cell membranes.
Students have (part) cells.
Students have (part) corpi.
Students have (part) cytoplasm.
Students have (part) heads.
Students have (part) human bodies.
Students have (part) legs.
Students have (part) material bodies.
Students have (part) necks.
Students have (part) nuclei.
Students have (part) personality.
Students have (part) plasma membranes.
Students have (part) sections.
Students have (part) vacuoles.
Students have a background in each topic.
Students have a background in social psychology, in general.
Students have a basic comprehension of day versus night.
Students have a basic knowledge of how to work on a computer.
Students have a basic understanding of common units from their daily life.
Students have a basic understanding of reading, writing, math, and problem solving.
Students have a basic understanding of the accounting framework.
Students have a basic understanding of the historical period.
Students have a behind the scenes look at how dancers train and prepare for performance.
Students have a better chance if they apply for a fall or winter internship.
Students have a better understanding of a concept when they learn in context.
Students have a brief qualitative homework assignment in which they explain their reasoning.
Students have a broad and comprehensive curriculum from which to pursue their academic goals.
Students have a broad range of options to choose from, once they are in the honours years.
Students have a broader range of academic options than students at many other kinds of institutions.
Students have a chance to be involved in departmental research.
Students have a chance to chose from a pretty wide range of projects.
Students have a chance to cover actual events, such as city council meetings.
Students have a chance to explore current topics outside the classroom setting.
Students have a chance to express their opinions about what they are learning.
Students have a chance to get to know officers as people, and vice versa.
Students have a chance to identify and associate with positive role models to network.
Students have a chance to interact with the same students each week.
Students have a chance to interact with the speakers, usually through a roundtable discussion.
Students have a chance to meet as a group and reflect on their experiences.
Students have a chance to participate in both Interscholastic and Intramural sports.
Students have a chance to participate in mock trials.
Students have a chance to practice their English with their teachers.
Students have a chance to practice what they learn by driving motorized vehicles.
Students have a chance to see for themselves how microeconomic theories work on an everyday basis.
Students have a chance to study some of the brook trout they captured by electro-fishing.
Students have a chance to take a timed test once a week.
Students have a chance to try out different jobs, employers and locations before graduation.
Students have a chance to understand performing arts as a useful means of providing knowledge.
Students have a chance to visit their classroom, meet their teacher and tour the school.
Students have a chance to win a calculator for submitting correct answers.
Students have a chance to work in the control room, sound room, or editing suites.
Students have a chat area to talk about their experiences with college and financial aid issues.
Students have a choice about how and when they learn.
Students have a choice as to top and pants.
Students have a choice as to which studio they wish to take.
Students have a choice between a course paper and a final exam.
Students have a choice between writing autobiographically or critically.
Students have a choice of a home stay or residence in a university dormitory.
Students have a choice of a project related to their own major.
Students have a choice of baccalaureate, master's and doctoral programs.
Students have a choice of career path alternatives in the sixth semester.
Students have a choice of career resources, books, pamphlets, videos, and software.
Students have a choice of courses to meet the third requirement.
Students have a choice of doing a group project or writing a paper.
Students have a choice of doing all three or doing two and writing a report on each of the two.
Students have a choice of doing either the literary text or the text in language and literacy.
Students have a choice of editors that they can use within the courses.
Students have a choice of either a double or single room with community bathrooms.
Students have a choice of either project but are encouraged to do both if they so desire.
Students have a choice of either vocational study or traditional exam based study.
Students have a choice of elective units, including electives from other faculties and schools.
Students have a choice of five different cases.
Students have a choice of giving either an individual or a group presentation on an eminent woman.
Students have a choice of hot and cold dishes, snacks, and refreshments.
Students have a choice of housing arrangements in Florence during the fall and spring semesters.
Students have a choice of majoring in classical studies or classics.
Students have a choice of maniplatives for most activities.
Students have a choice of many courses, including advance placement and college courses.
Students have a choice of meal plan options.
Students have a choice of meal plans offered by the residence hall.
Students have a choice of meals each day.
Students have a choice of modes.
Students have a choice of multitudes of things to do every single day.
Students have a choice of practical electives such as highway technology and structures.
Students have a choice of practical work or an extension of theoretical study.
Students have a choice of several entrees.
Students have a choice of several meal plans.
Students have a choice of several options to follow.
Students have a choice of studying four or six hours per day.
Students have a choice of studying three or six hours per day.
Students have a choice of three degree paths.
Students have a choice of three different end projects.
Students have a choice of three testing styles and can select from five content themes.
Students have a choice of topics.
Students have a choice of two concentrations that focus on different career objectives.
Students have a choice of two tracks in the major.
Students have a choice of what they take and why they are taking it.
Students have a choice to participate in group or individual volunteer positions at various sites.
Students have a choice to seek services as they deem necessary.
Students have a choice.
Students have a class leadership similar to that of the resident program.
Students have a clear choice when they are faced with potential threats.
Students have a complete yet concise reference.
Students have a completed calendar to take home to parents and to use throughout the month.
Students have a constitutional liberty and privacy right to govern their personal appearance.
Students have a daily opportunity to speak French with the family.
Students have a daily schedule that is followed with defined meal times.
Students have a deadline.
Students have a desire to be successful.
Students have a different context as do the staff members.
Students have a different field setting each year.
Students have a different teacher for each subject in their curriculum.
Students have a difficult time distinguishing between observations and interpretation.
Students have a difficult time recording and remembering what they see through a microscope.
Students have a difficult time the first year of high school because they start at the bottom again.
Students have a difficult time with registration in general.
Students have a discussion afterwards in regards to people who have disabilities.
Students have a diversity in their range of lifestyle and family.
Students have a diversity of life experiences that enrich classroom discussion.
Students have a duty to learn and educate.
Students have a fact sheet that includes the title name of chosen topic.
Students have a faculty advisor to recommend and approve coursework.
Students have a faculty member as an academic adviser and an international student adviser.
Students have a final draft to turn in.
Students have a fixed number of points per quarter, and high bidders win the remaining slots.
Students have a free choice of options in their final year.
Students have a free choice of topic from the list provided.
Students have a free hour for lunch.
Students have a free psychology printing allowance.
Students have a fresh approach to the subject and they're willing to work hard.
Students have a friendly email client they can use both on-campus and off.
Students have a full and varied programme both in and out of class.
Students have a full opportunity to participate and develop their own abilities.
Students have a full orientation, excursions, and homestays.
Students have a fun time learning about the Jewish culture and our Christian heritage.
Students have a generous printing and photocopying allowance.
Students have a given home and community life.
Students have a goal to move on and transfer to four-year colleges.
Students have a good math background.
Students have a good sense of audience.
Students have a great concern for the existence of life.
Students have a great deal of academic freedom.
Students have a great deal of choice in what they study.
Students have a great deal of difficulty dealing with rotational dynamics of rigid bodies.
Students have a great deal of difficulty with predicting the correct reading on two attached scales.
Students have a great deal of freedom as to when and what electives are taken.
Students have a great deal of knowledge on the Korean traditional customs.
Students have a great deal of responsibility beyond attendance.
Students have a great deal of valuable prior knowledge or anchoring conceptions.
Students have a great deal of valuable prior knowledge.
Students have a great opportunity to put their classroom learning into practice.
Students have a great responsibility in being good citizens in their school.
Students have a great responsibility to preserve the ideals of academic freedom.
Students have a greater interest in history and their academic achievements have been enhanced.
Students have a greater motivation for learning if it is interesting.
Students have a greater opportunity to design a program tailored to their individual needs.
Students have a greater opportunity to express their personal understandings of important material.
Students have a greater sense of community and interdependence.
Students have a greater willingness to work on skills or to write.
Students have a group goal and are to work cooperatively.
Students have a guided experience in an appropriate agency of their choice.
Students have a gym but a smaller athletic field area than is customary for a middle school.
Students have a hands-on approach and learn to communicate with team members and peers.
Students have a hands-on learning experience as they work on their assigned case.
Students have a hard time relating to somebody sitting at a desk.
Students have a hard time understanding that there is a real audience out there when writing papers.
Students have a hearing before the principal, rather than an impartial tribunal.
Students have a high acceptance rate into prestigious professional and graduate schools.
Students have a high comfort level with computing skills.
Students have a high degree of interactivity,collaborating with teams of learners around the world.
Students have a higher feeling of appreciation for what they are learning.
Students have a highly diverse roster of research programs to consider.
Students have a history of fighting for peace and justice.
Students have a home page with useful information.
Students have a homeroom time at the beginning of the day.
Students have a homework booklet in which to record their assignments.
Students have a huge advantage, however.
Students have a key only to the building in which they live.
Students have a large field to play on, playground equipment and a blacktop area.
Students have a large number of meetings held at various times and various places.
Students have a large number of opportunities to test their performance skills.
Students have a less than one in a million chance of suffering a school-associated violent death.
Students have a limited range of skills and understandings related to the editing process.
Students have a limited right to distribute religious material inside public schools.
Students have a list of students enrolled in the class and their e-mail addresses.
Students have a list of the questions and move from reading to reading to find the information.
Students have a log book and are assessed after the first year.
Students have a lot more fun if they are successful with their efforts.
Students have a lot of contact with industry.
Students have a lot of fee time to focus on one issue.
Students have a lot of freedom with music and non-music programming, and new ideas are encouraged.
Students have a lot of influence on their friends.
Students have a lot of questions when choosing an English language school.
Students have a lot of respect for each other.
Students have a lot of time that can be used for prayer.
Students have a lot of ways to meet the design goals.
Students have a lot to deal with during the latter part of their high school years.
Students have a lot to do.
Students have a lot to get a grasp on when they start to read and write for a class.
Students have a main teacher in the morning and a different teacher in the afternoon.
Students have a major responsibility to use good judgement and are responsible for their actions.
Students have a major role in planning and implementing clinic activities.
Students have a mandatory two day orientation in Madison immediately before departure.
Students have a maximum financial aid eligibility for each semester.
Students have a maximum of four years from the date of matriculation to complete the program.
Students have a maximum of seven years to complete all program requirements.
Students have a maximum of ten years to complete the course.
Students have a maximum of ten years to repay the borrowed funds.
Students have a maximum of three opportunities to pass the comprehensive examination.
Students have a maximum of three years to complete.
Students have a maximum of twelve months to complete the course.
Students have a maximum of two days from an absence to submit a note explaining the absence.
Students have a maximum of two hours to complete the exam.
Students have a maximum timeframe to complete a certificate or degree program.
Students have a mentor.
Students have a midday break for lunch, study, and activities.
Students have a misconception about teaching.
Students have a mixed reaction to the weather.
Students have a money-back guarantee.
Students have a multitude of opportunities, but can easily be overwhelmed by the choices.
Students have a myriad of opportunities to fill their time outside the classroom.
Students have a natural curiosity about life and how living things interact in nature.
Students have a natural inclination to learn and pursue personally relevant learning goals.
Students have a natural interest in the history of the Civil War.
Students have a negative attitude about the instruction.
Students have a new sense of place value.
Students have a new start each fall.
Students have a number of electives from which to choose.
Students have a number of opportunities to participate in ongoing faculty research.
Students have a number of troubling Internet incidents.
Students have a one time opportunity to opt out of the forwarding.
Students have a one year term.
Students have a person to turn to with questions regarding their education.
Students have a personal tutor for their three years on the course.
Students have a personal tutor who helps with problems of any kind.
Students have a personal tutor with whom they can discuss their educational needs and progress.
Students have a personal tutor, a mentor and subject tutors for support.
Students have a place to record assignments, commitments and goals.
Students have a possibility to train many kinds of sport.
Students have a powerful tool that can place a Web site in context - the link command.
Students have a predetermined amount of time to solve the problem.
Students have a private bedroom and a private or shared bathroom and all of the necessary linens.
Students have a private room and share a living room, kitchen and bathrooms with others.
Students have a private room and take breakfast and the evening meal daily with their host family.
Students have a private room, but share facilities and chores with the family.
Students have a private room, keys to the house, breakfast, dinner and laundry service.
Students have a problem distinguishing state and federal law.
Students have a quiet room and three meals a day, including a bag lunch.
Students have a range of areas to choose from for their research year.
Students have a range of associations directly related to the study of politics and government.
Students have a range of choice in the rooms allocation system.
Students have a range of clinical experience.
Students have a real yearning for the transcendent, a yearning that isn t fulfilled by pop culture.
Students have a record of applications prepared and sent to colleges.
Students have a reservoir of knowledge that is often untapped in classroom settings.
Students have a responsibility as well.
Students have a responsibility for their own learning and for their personal conduct.
Students have a responsibility to abide by school rules and regulations.
Students have a responsibility to adhere to attendance requirements stated in the course outline.
Students have a responsibility to each other to prepare properly.
Students have a responsibility to ensure that they make the transition successfully.
Students have a responsibility to file a grievance in a timely manner.
Students have a responsibility to give instructors and DSS adequate time to arrange accommodations.
Students have a responsibility to help keep the bus clean.
Students have a responsibility to inform faculty prior to absences whenever possible.
Students have a responsibility to know and respect the rules and regulations of the school.
Students have a responsibility to learn, respect, and practice integrity.
Students have a responsibility to make accommodation requests in a timely fashion.
Students have a responsibility to present work that is their own.
Students have a responsibility to provide documentation.
Students have a responsibility to respect the privacy of other computer users.
Students have a responsibility to schedule meetings at least twice a term with their mentor.
Students have a responsibility to show respect for the opinions expressed by their classmates.
Students have a responsibility to their peers to stop hate.
Students have a review with rules.
Students have a right and responsibility to learn.
Students have a right that their work be marked in a reasonable amount of time.
Students have a right to a classroom environment conducive to intellectual freedom.
Students have a right to a copy if they don t have reasonable access to the records.
Students have a right to a fair and impartial appeal of plagiarism penalties.
Students have a right to a fair hearing on disciplinary charges.
Students have a right to a learning environment that is gender-equitable.
Students have a right to academic evaluation which is neither prejudiced nor capricious.
Students have a right to an explanation of their grade.
Students have a right to appeal a denial for services requested.
Students have a right to appeal any such ban.
Students have a right to appeal grades.
Students have a right to appeal.
Students have a right to appear personally before the committee if they so desire.
Students have a right to assemble peacefully and to speak publicly on campuses.
Students have a right to attend neighborhood school.
Students have a right to be evaluated fairly and to have others accept their word without question.
Students have a right to be involved and a right to be absent from involvement.
Students have a right to be notified and informed.
Students have a right to benefit from the educational process free from disruptive students.
Students have a right to cancel all or a portion of the loan.
Students have a right to complain about poor or inadequate teaching.
Students have a right to dream of a college education without worrying about fraud and abuse.
Students have a right to effective and empirically-based interventions.
Students have a right to examine their records at reasonable times.
Students have a right to expect fairness in the classroom.
Students have a right to expect reasonable access to members of the faculty.
Students have a right to experience education free from discrimination.
Students have a right to express their concern and disagreement with the administration's decisions.
Students have a right to fair academic evaluation.
Students have a right to feedback on their work within a reasonable time.
Students have a right to file a grievance with the institution.
Students have a right to find out how well they can do.
Students have a right to free speech during non-instructional time.
Students have a right to free speech during noninstructional times.
Students have a right to have their school files kept confidential.
Students have a right to information regarding repayment schedules and interest rates for loans.
Students have a right to information.
Students have a right to know exactly what is happening in their community.
Students have a right to know how safe the environment is, surrounding the school.
Students have a right to know the major components of final marks.
Students have a right to know the relative importance of course requirements.
Students have a right to know what is shaping the teacher's discourse.
Students have a right to know what they have achieved and what they have gained from the experience.
Students have a right to know where their money is going.
Students have a right to know who's going to teach a course before they sign up.
Students have a right to learn about America's moral heritage.
Students have a right to learn and a responsibility to participate in the learning process.
Students have a right to learn the grounds upon which an instructor has graded their work.
Students have a right to participate in decisions that affect their schooling.
Students have a right to privacy .
Students have a right to privacy over their own armoire and personal belongings.
Students have a right to privacy.
Students have a right to publish their work.
Students have a right to pursue their educational goals.
Students have a right to receive the best teaching possible from our faculty.
Students have a right to receive timely comments on drafts of written work or presentations.
Students have a right to representation on the appropriate academic committee.
Students have a right to request amendment to their educational records to ensure their accuracy.
Students have a right to rigorous and technically sound assessments.
Students have a right to speak with staff members concerning any aspect of their course.
Students have a right to take lecture notes for their own use.
Students have a right to teachers who can read, write and compute at a basic high school level.
Students have a right to the best education.
Students have a right to two re-sits of an exam.
Students have a right to understand how their financial aid award is determined.
Students have a right to work together in a safe, nurturing environment.
Students have a right to, generally, assess how school officials are running the school.
Students have a role in planning, implementing or critiquing prevention and wellness programs.
Students have a role to play.
Students have a say as to where their money is going.
Students have a say in the school.
Students have a say in their residence hall.
Students have a score sheet to keep track of grades which they keep in the classroom.
Students have a second chance to learn course material, if needed.
Students have a selection of cards, say ten.
Students have a selection of choir, piano, band, and string instruction.
Students have a sense of being able to accomplish more learning together than they can alone.
Students have a sense of control over their learning when using computers.
Students have a sense of pride when their parents are involved with their education.
Students have a series of lectures on research methods.
Students have a seven day grace period after the books are due before they are fined.
Students have a seven-year time limit to complete the degree program.
Students have a shared experience and opportunity to develop classroom cohesiveness.
Students have a shared folder to view their teachers' Web site links.
Students have a similar take.
Students have a single bedroom with shared bathroom facilities.
Students have a single room with private bathroom in a convent, accommodation only.
Students have a slightly different application procedure from that of postdocs and junior faculty.
Students have a solid foundation on which they can build more elaborate notes.
Students have a special obligation to adhere to such standards.
Students have a strong desire to return to community schooling.
Students have a strong desire to use computers in many interesting ways.
Students have a strong loyalty to the first technique they learn for solving a problem.
Students have a substantial period of time allocated to individual study and research.
Students have a sufficient number of elective classes from which to choose.
Students have a supervised hands on, practical experience with an ongoing research project.
Students have a taken the part of a mill girl and written a letter home.
Students have a talk about it.
Students have a technologically advanced library, computer labs, and student lounges on the campus.
Students have a tendency to copy information from reference books and internet resources.
Students have a tendency to learn more, understand more, and retain more.
Students have a tendency to run after stray balls with their head down.
Students have a tendency to try to solve the entire problem at once, rather than one step at a time.
Students have a tendency to use the facts to reinforce their stereotypes.
Students have a term project for which they have to create a courseware program.
Students have a thesis and nonthesis option to their graduate studies.
Students have a three-day weekend to participate in activities of choice.
Students have a three-week circulation period.
Students have a time limit of one hour.
Students have a total of six tries in the three exams, with a maximum of three tries in one subject.
Students have a total of two hours and thirty minutes to complete the test.
Students have a treasure that many others covet.
Students have a two week break to travel on their own and explore Europe.
Students have a unique opportunity for interdisciplinary study of Canada in all colleges.
Students have a unique opportunity to meet with the guest lecturers for a critique.
Students have a unique opportunity to offer and develop their individual and group initiative.
Students have a unique opportunity to work in a leadership position during their internship.
Students have a unique perspective.
Students have a user ID and password.
Students have a variety of academic advisers to consult with.
Students have a variety of activities through which they can participate and excel.
Students have a variety of adaptive resources available throughout the campuses.
Students have a variety of backgrounds and majors.
Students have a variety of choices about when and where they can work.
Students have a variety of clubs and organizations from which to select.
Students have a variety of courses to choose from in determining electives.
Students have a variety of cultural backgrounds.
Students have a variety of educational goals, and they come from all age groups and experiences.
Students have a variety of events from which to choose.
Students have a variety of housing options.
Students have a variety of learning styles.
Students have a variety of living environments from which to choose.
Students have a variety of methods to create their homes.
Students have a variety of opportunities to be involved with the schools.
Students have a variety of opportunities to participate in musical performance ensembles.
Students have a variety of opportunities to perform community service at various settings.
Students have a variety of opportunities to study abroad .
Students have a variety of options.
Students have a variety of post secondary institutions from which to choose in Texas.
Students have a variety of scheduling choices at each grade level.
Students have a variety of social activities planned throughout the year.
Students have a variety of tech-related skills.
Students have a variety of ways to cheat on homework and tests.
Students have a vast amount of resources at their fingertips.
Students have a vast choice of research projects.
Students have a vast number of reasons to remain on campus for the summer.
Students have a very high level of creditability with our guests.
Students have a very simple but important role.
Students have a vested interest in earning their degrees and getting on with their lives.
Students have a vested interest in the outcome of the primary.
Students have a visual outline of the major ideas and relationships between important information.
Students have a visual reminder of their level of achievement in behavior and academics.
Students have a vocabulary sheet for mosques, shrines, art, and architecture.
Students have a voice at the secondary level.
Students have a voice in college policies.
Students have a voice in planning trips, meetings, and projects.
Students have a voice in what music is selected for play.
Students have a voice on our campus.
Students have a way of doing that.
Students have a wealth of course options and cultural opportunities.
Students have a wealth of knowledge gained from both business and non-business life experiences.
Students have a week away at camp.
Students have a week to schedule a make-up exam.
Students have a weekly library period of instruction, reading and research.
Students have a wide assortment of resources available for research.
Students have a wide choice among the modules available in the three departments.
Students have a wide choice of modules, and handbooks are available for every module.
Students have a wide choice of options, as rooms are available for one to four women.
Students have a wide choice of research training opportunities.
Students have a wide choice of software packages.
Students have a wide choice of subjects and can study courses at different levels in the same year.
Students have a wide choice of topics within a specific form or set of constraints.
Students have a wide range of academic abilities and potential.
Students have a wide range of choice for specialization in the discipline.
Students have a wide range of choices across many disciplines.
Students have a wide range of choices for their graduate research.
Students have a wide range of courses from which to choose.
Students have a wide range of impairments, from mild impairment to complete absence of sight.
Students have a wide range of interests and abilities.
Students have a wide range of learning needs and styles.
Students have a wide range of options in selecting supervising professors and courses of study.
Students have a wide range of skills from basic to advanced.
Students have a wide selection of hot meals and snacks.
Students have a wide variety of academic backgrounds and work experiences.
Students have a wide variety of affiliated institutions from which to choose.
Students have a wide variety of career options in the field.
Students have a wide variety of clubs and activities from which to choose.
Students have a wide variety of courses from which to choose.
Students have a wide variety of mental models of Earth as a sphere.
Students have a wide variety of opportunities on many levels for participation.
Students have a wide variety of positions both on and off-campus from which to choose.
Students have a wide variety of programs from which to choose a thesis topic.
Students have a wide variety of programs made available by the grant.
Students have a wide variety of writing skills and very eclectic goals.
Students have a wonderful selection of activities.
Students have a work-based component as well as classroom work.
Students have a written research project each term.
Students have a year to complete the pre-licensing requirements and pass a final examination.
Students have a year to finish.
Students have about a month to complete the first project, then move on to work on documents.
Students have about fourteen quotes to choose from.
Students have about two months to work on the problems and complete the solutions.
Students have access for a dorm lounge for meetings, studying or social occasions.
Students have access here to books, journals, trade magazines, and special class materials.
Students have access rights to information they submitted as part of an application for aid.
Students have access through their school's library media center.
Students have access to a calendar and can even build their own web site inside the course.
Students have access to a class set of graphic calculators with overhead display.
Students have access to a comprehensive range of appropriate software.
Students have access to a computer for at least a half hour a day.
Students have access to a computer for at least one hour a day.
Students have access to a computer for at least two hours a day.
Students have access to a computer for at least two hours a week.
Students have access to a computer lab and a computer cluster.
Students have access to a computer lab and so are able to work with a variety of data sets.
Students have access to a computer lab with some of the latest technology.
Students have access to a darkroom where they can experiment with styles and techniques.
Students have access to a digital scanner to import original graphics and pre-printed materials.
Students have access to a full computer lab.
Students have access to a full library and to a study centre with modern computers.
Students have access to a full-color television production studio and a campus radio station.
Students have access to a fully equipped computer lab a half mile from campus.
Students have access to a growing archive of materials and study at their own pace.
Students have access to a gym, exercise room and swimming pool.
Students have access to a hospital sponsored crisis intervention program at no cost.
Students have access to a kiosk in the main terminal to view real-time bus location information.
Students have access to a language lab with audio and video facilities.
Students have access to a language laboratory and to the university library.
Students have access to a large number of computers in various labs located all over campus.
Students have access to a laser printer.
Students have access to a lending library, retail products and filtered water.
Students have access to a library and are linked to local student organizations.
Students have access to a library of current reference materials related to career planning.
Students have access to a library within the same building as the London center.
Students have access to a lounge area with vending machines and kitchen facilities.
Students have access to a new, fully staffed media center.
Students have access to a number of computers.
Students have access to a number of computing services while at Gustavus.
Students have access to a quality curriculum that is linked to state and national standards.
Students have access to a range of on-campus leisure activities.
Students have access to a rich variety of resources to enhance their curricular performance.
Students have access to a science lab and have computers in each classroom.
Students have access to a small computer center in each classroom.
Students have access to a sports centre , libraries, documentation centres and an art gallery.
Students have access to a swimming pool and sunbathing facilities.
Students have access to a tutor for as many as four hours a week.
Students have access to a TV lounge area and a lobby.
Students have access to a unique resource of clinical teachers and teaching material.
Students have access to a valuable set of resources.
Students have access to a variety of activities - there is virtually something for everyone.
Students have access to a variety of CD ROM material both for research and entertainment.
Students have access to a variety of computer labs across the campus.
Students have access to a variety of differing types of computers and programs.
Students have access to a variety of learning experiences and materials.
Students have access to a variety of physical activities on and off campus to stay in shape.
Students have access to a variety of recreational programs and facilities on campus.
Students have access to a variety of software programs to enhance their educational needs.
Students have access to a variety of strobe equipment, including location strobes kits.
Students have access to a washing machine, iron, etc.
Students have access to a wealth of new information and new communication resources.
Students have access to a wealth of social, cultural, and recreational activities.
Students have access to a well-stocked media center.
Students have access to a wide range of activities outside of the classroom.
Students have access to a wide range of computers, hardware and software including the Internet.
Students have access to a wide range of computing facilities.
Students have access to a wide range of courses and can consult with experts in almost any area.
Students have access to a wide range of entomological expertise.
Students have access to a wide range of learning materials including multimedia and video.
Students have access to a wide range of photography equipment that can be checked out at the cage.
Students have access to a wide variety of computational and laboratory equipment.
Students have access to a wide variety of job leads, company data and industry information.
Students have access to a wide variety of reading materials.
Students have access to a wide variety of services and organizations .
Students have access to a wider variety of elective courses than provided at the high schools.
Students have access to a wonderful community playground.
Students have access to academic fileservers to store and retrieve files.
Students have access to additional departmental and university computing facilities as well.
Students have access to additional resources.
Students have access to all daily expedition content available at no charge.
Students have access to all equipment within the department, once properly trained.
Students have access to all full-time faculty for individual study and dissertation committees.
Students have access to all items, regardless of location.
Students have access to all of the resources.
Students have access to all PhD seminars in both departments.
Students have access to all school facilities.
Students have access to all school social and extra curricular activities.
Students have access to all the Internet has to offer.
Students have access to all the university sports, social and study facilities.
Students have access to all therapy services.
Students have access to all university facilities and activities.
Students have access to all university study facilities.
Students have access to all WWDC sessions and events and additional student-only activities.
Students have access to almost all the public and academic social science libraries in Santiago.
Students have access to an art studio, reading room, lounge, patio and laundry room.
Students have access to an email server and are issued email accounts.
Students have access to an ever expanding array of network services,software and hardware.
Students have access to an extensive library, computer facilities, and museums.
Students have access to an on-line database of job opportunities.
Students have access to an on-line instructor.
Students have access to and are encouraged to utilize all aspects of the facility.
Students have access to and use of an electron microscope.
Students have access to any service provided by the district .
Students have access to appropriate technology to enhance their learning.
Students have access to appropriate-level reading materials.
Students have access to approprite technology to use throughout the school day and at home.
Students have access to arcade games, go-carts, batting cages and mini golf.
Students have access to athletics, music, drama and clubs with participation virtually guaranteed.
Students have access to audio-visual teaching aids.
Students have access to basic, intermediate, or advanced classes to practice basic English.
Students have access to biweekly asistance from a live personal instructor.
Students have access to books and journals on counseling and related subjects.
Students have access to both full-time college advisors and faculty advisors.
Students have access to both institutions' services and activities.
Students have access to both primary and secondary sources, real time data and on-line experts.
Students have access to both the common application and to customized applications.
Students have access to both the on-site instructor as well as the television instructors.
Students have access to both the technology and print information.
Students have access to broader curriculum offerings.
Students have access to campus recreational facilities.
Students have access to CD-ROMs in the library.
Students have access to CD-ROMs, the Internet, and online databases.
Students have access to clinical affiliations in Madison and southern Wisconsin.
Students have access to computer labs and library multimedia technology through flexible scheduling.
Students have access to computer labs around campus.
Students have access to computer labs during the day or in the evening on the university campus.
Students have access to computer labs, campus library, and nearby parks and recreation.
Students have access to computer labs, foreign language, art, music and band.
Students have access to computer networks around the world.
Students have access to computer software that's capable of creating simulated clinical situations.
Students have access to computer terminals for academic work, research and Internet services.
Students have access to computer workstations through which on-line job searching can occur.
Students have access to computer, language arts and science labs.
Students have access to computer, video and sound equipment.
Students have access to computers and other technological equipment all the time.
Students have access to computers and printers.
Students have access to computers and sophisticated electronic calculators.
Students have access to computers and the most sophisticated technology used in the field today.
Students have access to computers in all classrooms.
Students have access to computers in every classroom.
Students have access to computers in labs and the library.
Students have access to computers or computer labs in all schools.
Students have access to computers, laserdiscs, and CD-ROM in their classrooms.
Students have access to computing resources virtually everywhere.
Students have access to copy and blueprint machines.
Students have access to countless internship, employment, and entertainment opportunities.
Students have access to course files during and after class.
Students have access to courses anytime for a refresher.
Students have access to courses at all three campuses.
Students have access to current advances in both technological equipment and instruction.
Students have access to current information and technology.
Students have access to current technology in all training programs.
Students have access to delete their own print jobs from the queues.
Students have access to development platforms which use an array of tools and techniques.
Students have access to dining hall facilities on campus for all meals.
Students have access to dormitory facilities for the preparation of their other meals.
Students have access to each other s feedback reports and encouraged to read then.
Students have access to each.
Students have access to eight computer labs.
Students have access to electronic information resources.
Students have access to electronic mail and to other services on the Internet.
Students have access to electronic mail service accounts on the main university computer.
Students have access to e-mail and the Internet when required for research purposes.
Students have access to E-mail at all of the international schools.
Students have access to e-mail facilities and modem connections.
Students have access to e-mail from their first day of registration.
Students have access to email twice per week.
Students have access to e-mail, the Internet and many information technology resources and tools.
Students have access to excellent computer and library facilities.
Students have access to excellent computing and laboratory facilities.
Students have access to excellent computing and machine shop facilities.
Students have access to excellent computing facilities and have a photocopying allowance.
Students have access to excellent facilities and the most recent technology.
Students have access to excellent facilities, with many opportunities for common study.
Students have access to excellent resources as well as audio-visual and computer equipment.
Students have access to experienced teachers and scholars from the first day of classes.
Students have access to extensive darkroom facilities.
Students have access to facilities including a cafeteria, bookshop, library, tennis courts and gym.
Students have access to faculty by phone, E-mail, or regular mail.
Students have access to files and Internet at both locations.
Students have access to files containing large numbers of case studies of the clinical problem.
Students have access to fine dining, shopping, concerts, and plays.
Students have access to five computers in each classroom.
Students have access to forty-seven personal computers and seven printers.
Students have access to four computers in every classroom to gain technology skills.
Students have access to free, secured parking as well as many support services.
Students have access to French newspapers, magazines and other current materials.
Students have access to fully equipped science labs and a new technology center.
Students have access to fully- equipped science labs.
Students have access to hints and problem solutions.
Students have access to hundreds of different books for their reading pleasure.
Students have access to incredible amounts of information due to technology.
Students have access to information in various forms and delivery systems.
Students have access to interactive exercises, quizzes, useful links, and much more.
Students have access to interactive, multimedia-based course material via standard Web browsers.
Students have access to internships with national media, government and public interest agencies.
Students have access to jobs on the internet and an internship resource bank.
Students have access to labs, the library, and the Internet seven days a week.
Students have access to laser and color inkjet printers.
Students have access to laser printing in the laboratories.
Students have access to lasers, robots, electron microscopes, and the latest computers.
Students have access to lathes and mills and have built numerous small components for the system.
Students have access to laundry facilities in each of the residence areas on campus.
Students have access to laundry facilities, washroom, TV, telephone.
Students have access to library and computing facilities with a local call.
Students have access to lounges, a mailroom, laundry facilities, and public telephones.
Students have access to mailboxes during Department office hours only.
Students have access to mainframe and microcomputers for data collection, analysis and presentation.
Students have access to many databases through the Internet.
Students have access to many different sites which vary in the quality of information they provide.
Students have access to many mainstream class options.
Students have access to many materials including several internet connections.
Students have access to many practice tests on the computer.
Students have access to many unpublished scientific images of the paintings.
Students have access to math and literacy computer programs in the classroom.
Students have access to media services for course related projects.
Students have access to mentors with a wealth of rural ministry experience.
Students have access to microcomputers to develop competence for both academic and personal use.
Students have access to microcomputers with geology-specific software.
Students have access to more information than ever before.
Students have access to most other British universities on the junior year abroad basis.
Students have access to much of the business software that is being used today.
Students have access to multiple surface tennis courts, volleyball and basketball facilities.
Students have access to nationwide internship opportunities.
Students have access to networked computers and the Internet.
Students have access to networking facilities, including the Internet and e-mail.
Students have access to new computer labs and a tutorial centre.
Students have access to numerous extended learning opportunities.
Students have access to numerous outdoor activities by traveling just a few miles from campus.
Students have access to numerous seminars, workshops and faculty resources.
Students have access to one of the best equipped graphics computer laboratories in the country.
Students have access to One-Stop computers to do job searches, etc.
Students have access to online assessments that are designed to test learning throughout the course.
Students have access to on-line computer searches and anatomical models.
Students have access to on-line help services to assist with the completion of their assignments.
Students have access to on-line information sources including Dialog and the Internet.
Students have access to other college courses.
Students have access to our computer labs from both on and off campus, including their dorms.
Students have access to our language lab.
Students have access to over half a million books in the university's library.
Students have access to PCs with the latest business software, print facilities and Internet access.
Students have access to personal computers at several campus locations.
Students have access to personal counseling.
Students have access to powerful work stations and requisite software.
Students have access to previous semesters' gradebooks for one year.
Students have access to programs of special interest to adult and older returning students.
Students have access to quality health services on-campus.
Students have access to refurbished common rooms, laundry facilities and international telephones.
Students have access to regular programmes of student, community and professional performance.
Students have access to relaxed settings where they can interact in a positive way.
Students have access to scanners, digital cameras, and other such tools to enhance their work.
Students have access to several academic and city libraries in Bonn and Cologne.
Students have access to several study areas, two audiovisual rooms, and two photocopiers.
Students have access to shopping, dining, and local theater.
Students have access to sites which post lecture material, term papers, and study guides.
Students have access to six enquiry terminals.
Students have access to some of the brightest and most productive researchers in the field.
Students have access to some of the world's experts in the study of surface phenomena.
Students have access to some quality laboratory equipment for both classroom and research purposes.
Students have access to some sport facilities.
Students have access to sources worldwide in both traditional and electronic formats.
Students have access to space for eating, resting, and studying during lengthy clinical experiences.
Students have access to special programs and events geared toward first-year freshmen engineers.
Students have access to specialists in reading, math, and other subjects.
Students have access to specialized software with lab assistance available.
Students have access to specialized software.
Students have access to staff speaking many languages.
Students have access to state of the art equipment with which to conduct their research.
Students have access to such program evaluation data.
Students have access to such summaries.
Students have access to superior tutoring, library and computing support services.
Students have access to technologies that broaden and deepen their understanding of mathematics.
Students have access to technology at home and in the schools.
Students have access to technology continually.
Students have access to technology.
Students have access to telephone and fax services at the school.
Students have access to the bathroom at all times and laundry is provided.
Students have access to the Cisco server throughout the course.
Students have access to the city s thriving theater scene, which is one of the best in the world.
Students have access to the classroom workstation at the teacher's discretion.
Students have access to the clinical service throughout the professional program.
Students have access to the collection by appointment only.
Students have access to the college's computer facilities located in buildings around campus.
Students have access to the computer lab.
Students have access to the course through disk, CD-ROM, or via the Internet.
Students have access to the cultural, social, and recreational resources of the city of Prague.
Students have access to the dorm kitchen.
Students have access to the e-mail feature through the group pages.
Students have access to the equipment and facilities through their advisor.
Students have access to the expertise of all faculty members while pursuing their graduate studies.
Students have access to the extensive library holdings of both the Atlanta and the Macon campuses.
Students have access to the facilities and equipment of all involved departments.
Students have access to the facilities of the university.
Students have access to the facility on evenings and weekends to facilitate their coursework.
Students have access to the fax machine and mail services.
Students have access to the gradebook at all times.
Students have access to the instructor via e-mail and voice mail.
STudents have access to the Internet and CD-ROM programs.
Students have access to the Internet and e-mail from any of thecomputers in the lab.
Students have access to the internet and email.
Students have access to the internet and library databases, as well as to office software.
Students have access to the Internet and other related computer assisted resources.
Students have access to the Internet and various computer and electronic educational games.
Students have access to the internet at the school.
Students have access to the Internet for research, as well as other educationally related projects.
Students have access to the internet from both their classrooms and our fully equipped computer lab.
Students have access to the Internet from the library.
Students have access to the Internet system.
Students have access to the internet through the computer lab, the library and every classroom.
Students have access to the Internet through their classrooms as well as through the media center.
Students have access to the Internet used within the guidelines of school system policy.
Students have access to the internet, audio recorders, and video recorders.
Students have access to the internet.
Students have access to the Internet.
Students have access to the lab for practice and study seventeen hours per day.
Students have access to the laboratory outside of class as well.
Students have access to the labs between scheduled classes both day and evening.
Students have access to the latest and most sophisticated equipment.
Students have access to the library all day long.
Students have access to the library for project work, for research, and for borrowing books.
Students have access to the library holdings throughout the school day, as well.
Students have access to the library twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
Students have access to the mainframe computer and the Internet.
Students have access to the mass spectrometer in the chemistry department.
Students have access to the media center for independent projects and special programs.
Students have access to the modern instrumentation in the department to analyze their compounds.
Students have access to the most current information.
Students have access to the most current technology and telecommunications.
Students have access to the most recent technology including the Internet.
Students have access to the network logging in using two different profiles.
Students have access to the newsroom after-hours for conducting research and completing assignments.
Students have access to the PC computers and workstations.
Students have access to the program in the three open-access labs on campus.
Students have access to the recording studio for assigned projects .
Students have access to the resources, references and contacts that facilitate finding a summer job.
Students have access to the same economics classes in both programs.
Students have access to the same software being used in business and government.
Students have access to the solutions.
Students have access to the student clinic.
Students have access to the teachers through a toll free line or email.
Students have access to the training programs and other business aspects of the stables.
Students have access to the university computer lab, library and gymnasium facilities.
Students have access to the university s lab computers.
Students have access to the use of all technology on the campus.
Students have access to the vast resources available on the Internet.
Students have access to the web on a computer in the resource center.
Students have access to the well equipped library.
Students have access to the wide range of workshop facilities.
Students have access to the work of others so they can compare their work and learn from each other.
Students have access to the world wide web and the center s job and internship databases.
Students have access to their files unless they choose to waive their right of access.
Students have access to their grades through the Internet.
Students have access to their instructors during regular office hours.
Students have access to their own records.
Students have access to their own student records by a convenient graphic user interface.
Students have access to their portfolios and can share and compare their achievements.
Students have access to their records and hence can know their class standing.
Students have access to tips for organizing their group work online .
Students have access to tools more powerful than ever thought, just a decade ago.
Students have access to tourist attractions, political and cultural sites, and shopping malls.
Students have access to training via the internet.
Students have access to transportation to and from housing provided in the community.
Students have access to tutors approximately sixty hours per week.
Students have access to tutors to answer questions.
Students have access to TV room for watching videos, etc.
Students have access to two computer laboratories which are open and supervised during term time.
Students have access to two indoor arenas, an outdoor sand ring and a grass jumping field.
Students have access to two major research libraries and two media resource centers.
Students have access to up to four computer labs in addition to library and classroom mini-labs.
Students have access to use program evaluation data.
Students have access to vacuum cleaners to keep their room clean.
Students have access to various departments during their posted hours of operations.
Students have access to videos.
Students have access to view their own records .
Students have access to warm beaches and snowy mountains within just an hour of driving.
Students have access to water sports, fishing, and hiking.
Students have access to wider college programme.
Students have access to word processing, Bible programs, other reference tools and e-mail.
Students have access, when needed, to a school nurse.
Students have acrylic and watercolor paints.
Students have additional cost for tools and books.
Students have additional opportunities to practice people skills in the college salon.
Students have additional opportunity to study German culture and civilization.
Students have adequate contact with faculty to facilitate the mentoring process.
Students have adequate opportunity to demonstrate their achievements.
Students have adequate skills with using a microscope.
Students have afterhour access to facilities.
Students have all the advantages of studying at a world class institution of higher learning.
Students have all the modern resources at their fingertips.
Students have allergies to some animals, while others have phobias.
Students have almost no opportunity to explore the terrain for themselves.
Students have almost nothing to say about the content or quality of the schooling they pay for.
Students have also the opportunity to study Arabic overseas.
Students have ample opportunities to choose electives.
Students have ample opportunities to interact with faculty and guest artists.
Students have ample opportunity for exploring independently and through academic walking tours.
Students have ample opportunity to acquire a collection of local fauna.
Students have ample opportunity to ask questions of their group and the instructor.
Students have ample opportunity to develop proficiency with a variety of modern engineering tools.
Students have ample opportunity to discuss and learn about new developments in physics.
Students have ample opportunity to explore Paris in the afternoon and evenings.
Students have ample opportunity to gain practical experience in anthropology.
Students have ample opportunity to interact with their instructors.
Students have ample opportunity to pursue funded research with our interdisciplinary faculty.
Students have ample space to work on group projects.
Students have ample time off to explore and hike their assigned areas.
Students have ample time to complete and turn in assignments.
Students have ample time to complete their assignments.
Students have ample time to reflect on the assignments and problems at hand before interacting.
Students have an active interest in becoming a teacher.
Students have an active responsibility for their learning.
Students have an active role in formulating, designing, and managing the tasks.
Students have an additional six-course option in Design or Manufacturing.
Students have an advantage if they are knowledgeable about the college to which they are applying.
Students have an agreed programme of modules on order to obtain their degree award.
Students have an array of opportunities for accomplishment in their areas of strength.
Students have an art program that builds from year to year.
Students have an assignment sheet.
Students have an average reading lag of two grades.
Students have an eight period day, which includes lunch.
Students have an end of the quarter luncheon.
Students have an English conversation class with a native speaker twice a week.
Students have an equal opportunity to earn their way into programs by their academic performance.
Students have an excellent learning environment for gaining the skills to become a certified welder.
Students have an expectation of privacy with respect to their person, which is reasonable.
Students have an experience of community rather than receiving it from course content.
Students have an hour-class twice a week, one of which being devoted to musical language.
Students have an impact by giving back through various forms of community service.
Students have an important voice.
Students have an increased number of possibilities for selecting electives.
Students have an increased understanding and an improved attitude toward science .
Students have an increased understanding of the application ofscience and maththrough design.
Students have an increasing interest in Christian service opportunities.
Students have an increasing responsibility for a whole class.
Students have an incredible influence among their peers.
Students have an inherent interest in biotechnology.
Students have an instruction sheet.
Students have an instructor evaluation for each course.
Students have an introduction week which includes sightseeing and orientation to life in Germany.
Students have an intuitive understanding of the meaning and value of time and presence.
Students have an obligation to attend, and contribute to, class.
Students have an obligation to be informed of university and college policies on academic integrity.
Students have an obligation to conduct themselves in a manner to avoid any such incidents.
Students have an obligation to exhibit honesty in carrying out their academic assignments.
Students have an obligation to respect the rights and property of themselves and others.
Students have an obligation to see that their papers are handed in on the day assigned.
Students have an on-line folder for their work that only they and the instructor have access to.
Students have an opportunity for clinical or research electives.
Students have an opportunity for extensive hands-on practical experience in all areas.
Students have an opportunity for personal review of clinical work with a faculty supervisor.
Students have an opportunity of presenting a case at most sessions.
Students have an opportunity to answer questions.
Students have an opportunity to apply reading strategies independently.
Students have an opportunity to apply techniques learned in classes to a large, real problem.
Students have an opportunity to ask questions and guess the job of the person.
Students have an opportunity to assemble a collection of vertebrate species.
Students have an opportunity to assist civil liberties attorneys with research and brief writing.
Students have an opportunity to be tested at least five times in each of the five areas.
Students have an opportunity to become familiar with potential science careers.
Students have an opportunity to blow off steam, socialize and have fun.
Students have an opportunity to buy rush seats at reduced prices when tickets are available.
Students have an opportunity to chart future intellectual, personal, career and spiritual direction.
Students have an opportunity to complete a full-time, paid internship during their senior years.
Students have an opportunity to complete homework and work on an assembly presentation.
Students have an opportunity to complete homework in a supervised setting.
Students have an opportunity to create rituals for important transitions of adulthood and aging.
Students have an opportunity to dance to current hits.
Students have an opportunity to deal with a fractional percentage.
Students have an opportunity to declare, reaffirm their major or remain undeclared.
Students have an opportunity to demonstrate their achievement and to cooperate with each other.
Students have an opportunity to design laboratory projects using tissue culture techniques.
Students have an opportunity to develop a professional learning theory and model.
Students have an opportunity to develop drafting and research skills.
Students have an opportunity to develop their skills in an office-like atmosphere.
Students have an opportunity to develop time management, communication, and organizational skills.
Students have an opportunity to discuss clothing in relation to the environment.
Students have an opportunity to discuss issues with a scientist in the field doing research.
Students have an opportunity to discuss the implications of their disabilities.
Students have an opportunity to discuss themselves and their families.
Students have an opportunity to discuss themselves and their school.
Students have an opportunity to earn college credit in Spanish, French, German, and Italian.
Students have an opportunity to enjoy a western style kids camp.
Students have an opportunity to enrich and apply classroom knowledge and explore careers or majors.
Students have an opportunity to experience a close, personal interchange with faculty.
Students have an opportunity to experience acting and producing in a dramatic setting.
Students have an opportunity to experience all of the jobs involved in quality productions.
Students have an opportunity to experience post-secondary education while in high school.
Students have an opportunity to explore their career path prior to graduation.
Students have an opportunity to explore various contemporary styles and aspects of team play.
Students have an opportunity to follow recipes and prepare food in a lab environment.
Students have an opportunity to gain a basis of knowledge from the liberal arts curriculum.
Students have an opportunity to gain hands-on experience under guidance.
Students have an opportunity to gain practical experience in developing computer systems.
Students have an opportunity to get theoretical background as well as laboratory training.
Students have an opportunity to grow academically, physically, socially, and individually.
Students have an opportunity to identify and overcome personal and organizational barriers.
Students have an opportunity to identify their own strengths and weaknesses as leaders and managers.
Students have an opportunity to influence the electives offered in a given year.
Students have an opportunity to interact with potential employers.
Students have an opportunity to interview at the fair.
Students have an opportunity to know that work promotes self-worth and dignity.
Students have an opportunity to learn about a wide variety of plants.
Students have an opportunity to learn about current research activities and engineering projects.
Students have an opportunity to learn about engineering in the global community.
Students have an opportunity to learn about pizza, one of their favourite foods.
Students have an opportunity to learn about the issues facing the Arab world and the Middle East.
Students have an opportunity to make and keep plaster casts of animal tracks.
Students have an opportunity to make professional contacts, as well as meet prospective employers.
Students have an opportunity to make suggestions for improving the pages - by way of a Web form.
Students have an opportunity to meet and converse with authors, officials, and scholars.
Students have an opportunity to meet with their faculty advisors and with second-year students.
Students have an opportunity to participate in a wide variety of performing arts activities.
Students have an opportunity to participate in funded research projects.
Students have an opportunity to participate in panel presentations.
Students have an opportunity to participate in the breakfast service before classes.
Students have an opportunity to practice English speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Students have an opportunity to practice in a variety of primary health care settings.
Students have an opportunity to present their work to an audience.
Students have an opportunity to problem solve, and to work on their own at their own level.
Students have an opportunity to produce another writing sample on the first day of class.
Students have an opportunity to provide written evaluation of each counseling appointment.
Students have an opportunity to pursue their particular professional interests.
Students have an opportunity to receive an education in an excellent environment.
Students have an opportunity to refine their role-playing techniques by resolving their own issues.
Students have an opportunity to report a change, or to say that there is no change.
Students have an opportunity to return equipment to service, operate and field test equipment.
Students have an opportunity to role play debating and voting for or against a bill.
Students have an opportunity to share anxieties and concerns in confidence and privacy.
Students have an opportunity to share experiences gained during clinical internships.
Students have an opportunity to sharpen their sense of smell and develop their memory for smells.
Students have an opportunity to show what they know on the test.
Students have an opportunity to strengthen relationships with their peers and teachers.
Students have an opportunity to study all forms of dance in a highly structured dance environment.
Students have an opportunity to study art history, art criticism, aesthetics and art production.
Students have an opportunity to study one trial in depth and present their findings to the class.
Students have an opportunity to study with a variety of different instructors throughout the year.
Students have an opportunity to talk informally with professionals in a wide range of careers.
Students have an opportunity to talk informally with professionals in a wide range of occupations.
Students have an opportunity to undertake their own field-based project.
Students have an opportunity to use computers for keyboarding skills.
Students have an opportunity to use power tools and hand tools in a shop area.
Students have an opportunity to voice concerns and present proposals to produce changes.
Students have an opportunity to volunteer their time or lead groups of students in service ministry.
Students have an opportunity to win trophies in an end of the year solo contest.
Students have an opportunity to work at the school store and participate in student council.
Students have an opportunity to work on special projects within the legal profession.
Students have an oppurtunity to purchase store bought and hand-made gifts, some made by students.
Students have an option of completing one, two, or three contracts a year.
Students have an option of completing their internship out of town.
Students have an option of living with a family or in a dormitory.
Students have an option of two different web sites on two different web servers.
Students have an option regarding the research paper.
Students have an option to apply individually or as a team.
Students have an option to attend full-time or an after school session.
Students have an option to capitalize the interest payment.
Students have an option to complete practicum at one site or at two sites.
Students have an option to go beyond their certificate.
Students have an option to write a term paper.
Students have an understanding of different lengths of time.
Students have an understanding of healthy food choices.
Students have an unlimited amount of time to complete the courses necessary to earn their diploma.
Students have an unusual opportunity to learn the music of another culture through performance.
Students have an upright surface to draw or paint on.
Students have and continue to play a significant role within the program.
Students have appropriate voice regarding learning activities, rules, and responsibilities.
Students have approximately four weeks to complete four lessons at their own pace.
Students have approximately four weeks to research and prepare, including two hours of class time.
Students have approximately six weeks to write the proposal.
Students have approximately two weeks at the beginning of each semester to enroll.
Students have approximately two weeks to complete each reading and to answer the questions.
Students have art, physical education, library, and music with specialized instructors.
Students have as a standard accommodation package, the choice of staying with local host families.
Students have assessment rubrics which are available to print out.
Students have at least one opportunity to enter their artwork in competition or exhibition.
Students have at least two opportunities through the CATs to address each outcome.
Students have at most two attempts to pass the exam.
Students have at most two attempts to pass the written part.
Students have at their disposal the exceptionally rich cultural resources of the Boston area.
Students have authentic experiences within graduation standards packages.
Students have available data they have previously worked on, eg.
Students have awareness of human sexuality and pregnancy.
Students have background knowledge on the Battle of Marathon.
Students have backgrounds.
Students have basic English skills.
Students have basic knowledge of frogs and tadpoles, and that there are different types.
Students have basic knowledge of PC use and use of e-mail.
Students have basic knowledge of the elements of a drama.
Students have bedsit rooms with ensuite facilities.
Students have been key beneficiaries, the committee claims.
Students have belts.
Students have benefits.
Students have better attendance records.
Students have better experiences with group projects and learn more along the way.
Students have better graphic calculator skills.
Students have better lunches to steal than in elementary school.
Students have better things to spend their money on, like food and shelter.
Students have biology.
Students have biweekly mandatory conferences with the instructor.
Students have books.
Students have both a right and a responsibility to be involved in the process of their education.
Students have both reflection journals and portfolios.
Students have both the media center and the computer lab scheduled for at least two class periods.
Students have both the right to learn and the responsibility to participate in the learning process.
Students have breakfast and dinner with their families and receive a weekly allowance for lunch.
Students have breakthroughs in global awareness, cultural sensitivity and in their sense of self.
Students have career experiences prior to graduation.
Students have career opportunities in various health-care settings.
Students have casual access to network space until it impedes academic progress.
Students have characteristics.
Students have choice in how they learn, and at what pace.
Students have choice in their mode of study during the second year.
Students have choices and options, thus they usually perform at higher levels of competency.
Students have choices of several classes during the day.
Students have choices regarding projects and finished products exemplify ownership.
Students have choices to go to Africa, Spain, or Europe.
Students have choices.
Students have chore rotations and work projects with their teams and gain hands-on experience.
Students have citizenship rights and responsibilities today and in the future.
Students have classes in basic drawing and painting, mixed media, ceramics, and computer graphics.
Students have clear access to restrooms, a snack area and ample parking.
Students have clear expectations to strive toward in their work.
Students have clear, immediate, and reinforcing feedback.
Students have clearer directions about where to get help to solve conflicts.
Students have clinical experience with maternity, pediatric, psychiatric and geriatric patients.
Students have clinical experiences in diverse settings throughout the region.
Students have clinical rotations in a variety of settings.
Students have clinical seminars throughout the semester on campus with their college supervisor.
Students have close contact with faculty that is only available through the honors course structure.
Students have complete access to all instruments for their research projects and course work.
Students have complete control over how their library looks, acts, feels, and responds.
Students have complete freedom of choice in selecting their reading.
Students have complete internet access.
Students have complete responsibility for all facets of the operation.
Students have computer access to Miami's other campuses and beyond through the Internet.
Students have concerns.
Students have concrete examples of questioning styles and content of exam questions.
Students have conferences with the instructor to discuss their presentations.
Students have conflict.
Students have considerable choice about which elective units they complete.
Students have considerable choice in course, fieldwork, and in project or thesis selection.
Students have considerable choice in the subjects they read in the third year.
Students have considerable discretion in designing a program of study.
Students have considerable flexibility in choosing courses to meet the minor requirements.
Students have considerable flexibility in choosing the writing courses they take.
Students have considerable flexibility in course scheduling.
Students have considerable flexibility in designing an individual program of study.
Students have considerable flexibility in selecting courses that emphasize their own interests.
Students have considerable flexibility to tailor their programs to their individual needs.
Students have considerable freedom in choosing courses of special interest.
Students have considerable freedom in choosing options in computer science.
Students have considerable freedom to design specific course work to match their career directions.
Students have considerable leeway in selecting history courses.
Students have considerable proficiency in speaking and understanding English.
Students have constant access to all technology.
Students have contact with medical investigators as well as supervison by statisticians.
Students have continuity over a two-year period.
Students have control of the order of selection of sections within each unit.
Students have control within the activity window time period as to when to participate.
Students have convenient access to computer facilities on campus.
Students have convenient access to shopping, recreational activities and community resources.
Students have countless opportunities to apply what they've learned.
Students have countless options for sandwiches, hot entrees, salads, and desserts.
Students have current information about the role of the U.S. in major hi-tech industries.
Students have daily academic assignments, frequent class meetings, and guest teachers.
Students have daily assignments which are reviewed in the weekly online tutorials.
Students have daily exercises in word analysis, word building, and proper diction and style.
Students have daily interactions with professionals and consultants in environmental sciences.
Students have daily spelling practice and weekly spelling tests.
Students have daily studies in math and language as well as elective opportunities.
Students have daily writing practices and weekly spelling tests.
Students have data ports.
Students have day access to the excellent woodworking and machine shops located there.
Students have day, night and weekend access to personal computers and laser printers.
Students have decisions to make.
Students have deeper understanding of various critical thinking skills.
Students have degrees.
Students have demonstrated the ability to collect real data - they do it every day.
Students have desire.
Students have dial-up access and are thus able to study on campus or elsewhere.
Students have dictionaries and grammars for reference only.
Students have different abilities, needs, and interests.
Students have different background, various learning habits and individual educational goals.
Students have different borrowing periods than faculty.
Students have different language backgrounds.
Students have different learning styles and acquire information in different ways.
Students have different learning styles.
Students have different machines and finding the correct mail system is difficult.
Students have different motivations.
Students have different needs, budgets and locations.
Students have different opinions about the safety of their cars on campus.
Students have different opinions when it comes to renting a house versus an apartment.
Students have different personalities, needs and abilities.
Students have different reasons for undertaking university studies.
Students have different reasons or purposes for achieving.
Students have different strengths and weaknesses.
Students have different styles of interacting with an advisor.
Students have different tastes.
Students have different teachers for each class, and classes meet five times a week.
Students have different views on what constitutes cheating and what is acceptable behavior.
Students have different ways in which they learn best.
Students have different ways of learning and different ways of expressing themselves.
Students have differing learning styles.
Students have differing needs.
Students have differing strengths and needs.
Students have difficulties in the estimation by using the order of magnitude estimate.
Students have difficulties when they are unsure whether to apply problem-solving or advocacy skills.
Students have difficulty believing that the answers are as straight-forward as they are.
Students have difficulty dealing with change.
Students have difficulty finding apartments or affording apartments on the c.
Students have difficulty following instructions.
Students have difficulty imagining rock layers and the wealth of information they contain.
Students have difficulty imagining the actual size of the planets.
Students have difficulty in communication and comprehension.
Students have difficulty in connecting concepts and creating a sequence of concepts.
Students have difficulty in speaking fluently as they examine deep features of objects or images.
Students have difficulty loading cartridges, which are both messy and toxic.
Students have difficulty relating real world motions to a graph and vice-versa.
Students have difficulty remembering the difference between a type on and type two error.
Students have difficulty taking notes.
Students have difficulty understanding abstract ideas.
Students have difficulty understanding what they read.
Students have difficulty understanding where the sun and moon are situated in respect to Earth.
Students have difficulty when there are more than one correct answer or solution to a problem.
Students have difficulty with both notations.
Students have difficulty with descriptive writing.
Students have difficulty with essay-type tests.
Students have difficulty with the -cian suffix.
Students have difficulty working together.
Students have direct access to amateur and professional exhibitions throughout the year.
Students have direct access to materials in the stacks.
Students have direct access to the faculty.
Students have direct access to the Internet.
Students have direct access to their professors.
Students have direct and frequent access to biology faculty.
Students have direct experience with the current programs.
Students have direct input into the development of their academic program.
Students have direct involvement with the medical school during their undergraduate years.
Students have direct responsibility for patient care under faculty and resident supervision.
Students have discounts.
Students have discussions through plans, they schedule outings, they even propose.
Students have dreams of learning something.
Students have due process rights.
Students have easier access to faculty assistance as they write.
Students have easy access through the Internet to world library holdings.
Students have easy access to a laundry on campus.
Students have easy access to academic and other staff.
Students have easy access to all laboratory equipment and can conduct approved independent research.
Students have easy access to all university facilities.
Students have easy access to Amsterdam and the rest of Europe by using the trains.
Students have easy access to art exhibits, museums, shopping, and mass rail and air transportation.
Students have easy access to firsthand experiences in the arts, both as audience and participants.
Students have easy access to laser printing of graphical output.
Students have easy access to learning technology, such as computer software and the Internet.
Students have easy access to low-interest student loans.
Students have easy access to mentors, peer advisors, and tutors.
Students have easy access to periodicals, reference books and listening equipment.
Students have easy access to personal computers and common software.
Students have easy access to term definitions.
Students have easy access to the city as well as to surrounding rivers, lakes, and parks.
Students have easy access to the Internet at all times.
Students have easy access to the internet.
Students have easy access to the Internet.
Students have easy access to the many cultural attractions located in the city's center.
Students have easy and confidential access to medical care.
Students have easy, everyday access to computers on a daily basis.
Students have easy, inexpensive access to cultural events in the city.
Students have either three of four of our grade level teachers, depending on their homeroom teacher.
Students have e-mail access from a nearby cyber cafe.
Students have e-mail accounts and electronic assignment folders on the school network.
Students have e-mail and Internet access.
Students have email links to their school, their instructors, and to their peers.
Students have e-mail, access to the Internet, many programs to use, etc.
Students have enough equipment to work alone for actual hands-on experience rather than in groups.
Students have enough pressure already with what they're here for.
Students have enough time to eat.
Students have enough time to finish their meals.
Students have equal access to a variety of learning opportunities.
Students have equal access to curriculum and instruction in their primary language.
Students have equal voice and vote with faculty members in helping plan and administer the program.
Students have evening access to darkroom facilities.
Students have evening access to studio facilities.
Students have every possible opportunity to explore their full potential.
Students have every right to attempt to persuade their peers on religious topics.
Students have every right to expect each class to meet as scheduled.
Students have excellent written and oral communication skills.
Students have experience in anagrams, and in word structures.
Students have experience in teaching in a setting of their choice.
Students have experience in word processing, spreadsheets and web home page design.
Students have experience using websites, bookmarks, and links.
Students have experience.
Students have experiential learning with steps of the research process.
Students have explicit guidelines regarding teacher expectations.
Students have extensive access to sophisticated mainframe and personal computing.
Students have extensive contact with practicing business owners.
Students have extensive hands-on use of our modern equipment.
Students have extensive needs analysis and testing both before and during the course.
Students have extensive opportunities for solo, chamber, and ensemble performance.
Students have extra free time.
Students have faculty advisers from the time of entry into the program.
Students have features.
Students have fewer classes, preparations, tests, etc.
Students have fewer courses to juggle, hence it is easier to be successful.
Students have fewer opportunities.
Students have fewer privacy rights in school than out of school.
Students have field experiences every semester, beginning in the freshman year.
Students have field experiences every semester.
Students have field experiences with at least two different grade levels.
Students have financial resources.
Students have first hand experiences with a variety of psychological tests.
Students have first opportunity for apartments, while employees have priority for houses.
Students have first priority for enrollment at their neighborhood school.
Students have first priority in accessing the equipment.
Students have first priority in the pool.
Students have first priority.
Students have first-hand knowledge of cultural events and museums.
Students have five academic year terms after the submission of the proposal to complete the degree.
Students have five business days to submit an appeal.
Students have five calendar years from the time of first registration to complete the degree.
Students have five classes during each trimester.
Students have five days from the date of the recall notice to return an item.
Students have five days to turn in missed work.
Students have five days to visit friends and relatives on the west coast.
Students have five free electives available.
Students have five instructional periods daily.
Students have five key responsibilities.
Students have five minutes to change into required uniforms.
Students have five opportunities to pass the test.
Students have five years from the time of advancement to candidacy to complete their dissertation.
Students have five years from the time of advancement to complete their dissertation.
Students have five years in which to complete the program.
Students have five years to complete all graduation requirements.
Students have five years to complete the certificate.
Students have five years to complete the entire endorsement.
Students have flexibility in choosing courses to meet the minor requirements.
Students have flexibility in choosing nursing concentrations.
Students have flexibility in planning schedules.
Students have flexibility in scheduling and move at their own pace through courses.
Students have flexibility in shaping their programs of study.
Students have flexibility to choose the two remaining classes for a full semester load.
Students have flexibility within some majors to select special areas of study.
Students have flexible timetables to accommodate their dance program.
Students have flexible work hours.
Students have follow-up work every day that is to be done at home with an adult.
Students have four contact hours per week.
Students have four days to complete and turn in each lab report.
Students have four hours to complete the examination.
Students have four minutes to give their prepared testimony.
Students have four options to earn credit for foreign study in an ABA approved foreign program.
Students have four options to earn credit for foreign study.
Students have four possible responses, and receive feedback.
Students have four years after high school graduation to complete their tenth national program.
Students have four years of playing eligibility to use within a five-year period.
Students have frameworks.
Students have free access to a powerful campus wide network and the Internet.
Students have free access to a wide range of computer systems.
Students have free access to computer labs, including e-mail and internet.
Students have free access to internet and e-mail.
Students have free access to mainframe, mini-, and microcomputers.
Students have free access to the internet and to e-mail services.
Students have free access to the Internet.
Students have free access to the labs except when there is a scheduled practical class in progress.
Students have free access to the library before and after school, at break, and at lunch.
Students have free access to the weightroom.
Students have free choice of medical facilities for treatment in any accredited hospital worldwide.
Students have free creative reign over the booths.
Students have free e-mail and Internet access on campus.
Students have free e-mail and internet accounts.
Students have free time to explore on their own as well.
Students have free weekends to explore the city with some organized sight-seeing included.
Students have freedom of speech like anyone else.
Students have freedom to initiate and set-up own projects.
Students have frequent and equitable access to computers.
Students have frequent and equitable access to technology.
Students have frequent contact with faculty members on an individual and group basis.
Students have frequent opportunities for individual and group projects.
Students have frequent opportunities to learn about and use technology.
Students have frequent opportunities to study overseas.
Students have frequent opportunities to work in cooperative groups.
Students have frequent performance opportunities.
Students have full access to all details of their own account.
Students have full access to books and other materials shelved on the open stacks.
Students have full access to both the Internet and email.
Students have full access to campus facilities.
Students have full access to computer labs, the visual foundry, darkrooms and wood and metal shops.
Students have full access to Internet services from any of our labs.
Students have full access to Internet through the computer labs and all residence rooms.
Students have full access to needed textbooks and materials.
Students have full access to the excellent libraries on campus.
Students have full access to the Internet and email.
Students have full access to the Internet from the laboratories and through telephone modem banks.
Students have full access to the materials, and a photocopier is available if needed.
Students have full access to the modern tools of molecular biology located within the department.
Students have full choice in where they intern.
Students have full control of a broadcast and learn all aspects of TV production.
Students have full Internet and e-mail privileges on CRC computers with their computer account.
Students have full medical coverage and come with spending money.
Students have full medical insurance and pay their own school and personal expenses.
Students have full write and read privileges to their own folder.
Students have full-time status, yet remain at their workplace.
Students have fun and get fit at the same time.
Students have fun and help a good cause in the process.
Students have fun and learn at the same time.
Students have fun and learn skills they can use throughout their lives.
Students have fun and learn.
Students have fun as they learn hands-on activities and creative problem solving.
Students have fun drawing and thinking about how many they want to draw.
Students have fun keeping track of their points and seeing if they can break their previous records.
Students have fun learning about drawing to scale.
Students have fun learning outside with their classmates.
Students have fun learning the characteristics to recognize local species.
Students have fun looking at all the pictures and then drawing some of the dinosaurs themselves.
Students have fun making different kinds of leaf prints.
Students have fun moving to a variety of special team activities throughout the day.
Students have fun sharing their interests with classmates.
Students have fun watching images morph and listening to interesting music.
Students have fun while also increasing their vocabulary skills.
Students have fun while competeing with eachother.
Students have fun while engaging in their off-campus projects.
Students have fun while learning about the scientific process.
Students have fun while learning about tree stand safety.
Students have fun while learning to safely ride and care for horses.
Students have fun while they learn important life skills.
Students have fun, visitors participate, and teachers provide enrichment activities.
Students have fun.
Students have fund raising activities.
Students have further information.
Students have future careers as exhibiting artists, designers, or entrepreneurs.
Students have generally positive attitudes toward the political and economic rights of women.
Students have generous access to computer labs after classes.
Students have generous use of photo lab at other times during the week.
Students have global access to information through Internet and e-mail.
Students have good access to faculty.
Students have good access to staff and fac advisors.
Students have good days and bad days.
Students have good documentation and communication skills.
Students have good ownership in the school.
Students have good results in public examinations.
Students have grades.
Students have great difficulty crossing the street because drivers can make right hand turns on red.
Students have great discretion in planning their academic program.
Students have great flexibility in choosing the form of their projects.
Students have great flexibility in choosing which courses to take in any given semester.
Students have great flexibility in demonstrating learning.
Students have great flexibility in the selection of courses and projects.
Students have great freedom in choosing a program of study and a major.
Students have great freedom to present stories exposing their own realities.
Students have great fun when they recount the stories and talk about their pictures.
Students have great insight into what kind of leanring children and adolescents prefer. . .
Students have great success in summer employment and after graduation.
Students have greater access to technology and are demanding better functionality.
Students have greater accessibility to computers, the Internet and distance learning.
Students have greater accessibility to programs out of their home state at an affordable cost.
Students have greater confidence.
Students have greater control over program.
Students have greater flexibility regarding study.
Students have greater understanding when experiences are meaningful and manipulable.
Students have growth.
Students have hall and room curfews during the week and weekend.
Students have hands on experience with a computer.
Students have hands-on experience and produce a Fresco image during the course.
Students have hands-on experience completing various computer projects.
Students have hands-on experience through PC spreadsheets, word processing, and database usage.
Students have hands-on experience with nature as they plant seeds of their choosing twice a year.
Students have hands-on experiences working with the software.
Students have hands-on exposure to fundamental concepts which they often have difficulty grasping.
Students have hands-on opportunities to pursue a broad range of research interests.
Students have hands-on training in class for a total of thirty classroom hours.
Students have hands-on training in class for total of thirty classroom hours.
Students have hands-on training.
Students have hard time to relate the equation to the real world.
Students have have opportunity.
Students have have success.
Students have high demands when it comes to mobile devices.
Students have high respect for each other.
Students have higher grade-point averages.
Students have higher selfesteem, more of the time, when they're working together cooperatively.
Students have higher standards for themselves than when they started.
Students have high-speed access to resources on the Internet.
Students have homework assignments in the study guide.
Students have homework every week night.
Students have homework.
Students have ideas outside the classroom.
Students have identities.
Students have immediate access to research results, simulations, and video displays of experiments.
Students have immediate and ongoing support and feedback from faculty members.
Students have immediate feedback on their work.
Students have importance.
Students have incentives to meet and maintain high standards in high school and college.
Students have independent and cooperative group responsibilities.
Students have individual and whole group instruction in the computer lab weekly.
Students have individual conferences with the instructor whenever required.
Students have individual needs dependent on their learning programme and disability.
Students have individual needs.
Students have individual passwords to allow access to their own files during interactive testing.
Students have individual phone numbers, voice mail, and email addresses.
Students have individual private lessons and group lessons.
Students have individual reasons for studying our disciplines.
Students have individual work spaces within a larger communal studio. .
Students have individual work stations and access to sophisticated computer graphic facilities.
Students have individualized programs tailored to their interests and careers.
Students have industrial mentors, while industry representatives work within the centers.
Students have information.
Students have input and choice when products are required.
Students have input and share in organizing the weekly chapel programs.
Students have instant access to academic resources, involvement opportunities, and networking.
Students have instant access to data that was unimaginable five years ago.
Students have instant access to information stored on CD-ROM without ever having to touch a disc.
Students have instant access to information without ever having to touch a disc.
Students have instant access to the computer lab once they've received their certificate.
Students have interaction with the instructor during class time using a touch tone telephone.
Students have interest.
Students have internet access for research assignments to enhance each design lesson.
Students have Internet access in the library.
Students have Internet access in the room, making it easy to do research on colleges.
Students have Internet access to e-mail and the Web from nearly any departmental computer.
Students have Internet and e-mail access.
Students have Internet connections and electrical power at each seat.
Students have internships at several of the hospitals that are nearby.
Students have it in their power to change the way things are.
Students have it much easier here.
Students have it pretty easy nowadays.
Students have jobs on campus and are paid per hour, no less than minimum wage.
Students have jobs.
Students have joint supervision when they have more than one primary supervisor.
Students have just as much right to convenient parking as the faculty and staff.
Students have keys to their residence halls.
Students have knowledge of basic ophthalmic measurements.
Students have knowledge of the internet and how to find and evaluate information of the internet.
Students have knowledge.
Students have language practice books and keep personal journals of daily language activities.
Students have laser-printing facilities, plus a scanner and colour printer.
Students have leaderships opportunities, and participate in projects and activities.
Students have learn experience.
Students have less experience with irregular cuts.
Students have less information to deal with over the course of a school day.
Students have less trouble reading newspapers and enjoy reading newspapers more.
Students have lessons on a weekly basis.
Students have liberal access to sophisticated instruments and equipment.
Students have library, music, physical education, art, and guidance weekly.
Students have limited access They are limited to teacher approved web sites.
Students have limited access to technology.
Students have limited literacy in their home languages.
Students have limited opportunities for acceleration.
Students have limits.
Students have little control over the pace, time, or place.
Students have little control over their education.
Students have little importance.
Students have little knowledge about textbook availability and quality.
Students have little leeway as to when they take required courses.
Students have little or no interaction with professors.
Students have little or no protection against the overwhelming weight of their professors' opinions.
Students have little room for learning through team projects or personal interaction with faculty.
Students have little to worry about with revisions .
Students have lots of fun learning the basic techniques of safe unicycle riding.
Students have lots of questions about what it is like to work in various fields.
Students have lots of room-to relax, or practice their lacrosse skills.
Students have lunch in our friendly cafeteria, with recess by grade level before or after lunch.
Students have lunch in our small, friendly cafeteria with recess after lunch.
Students have lunch while results are judged.
Students have lunch with their homeroom groups.
Students have luncheons, parties and picnics, among other activities.
Students have made houses for their adoptees - some even have swing sets and TVs.
Students have many academic and personal reasons for studying abroad.
Students have many areas of expertise, and can hold strong opinions.
Students have many chances to participate in actual research and to earn money in funded projects.
Students have many choices and opportunities.
Students have many choices in selecting breakfast and lunch.
Students have many choices in trying out for a team.
Students have many choices to make.
Students have many course choices within the five categories of elective credit.
Students have many demands on their time such as social activities and recreation besides studying.
Students have many different preferred styles of learning.
Students have many different purposes in mind.
Students have many different reasons for majoring in mathematics.
Students have many exciting opportunities for travel.
Students have many experiences and skills, which they can share to facilitate everyone's learning.
Students have many fears, both real and imagined.
Students have many hands-on activities.
Students have many misconceptions about probability situations.
Students have many misconceptions about situations that involve chance.
Students have many misconceptions about thermochemistry, especially about heat.
Students have many obstacles to overcome growing up and changing schools is difficult.
Students have many opportunities for hands-on design problems and community service projects.
Students have many opportunities for individual attention from faculty.
Students have many opportunities for individualized study.
Students have many opportunities to be involved in co-curricular activities.
Students have many opportunities to become involved in research early in their graduate career.
Students have many opportunities to broaden their knowledge through exchange visits and trips.
Students have many opportunities to conduct research with a mentoring professor.
Students have many opportunities to develop skills in beginning reading, writing, and math.
Students have many opportunities to enjoy themselves outside of the classroom.
Students have many opportunities to entertain and culture themselves.
Students have many opportunities to explore their environment with hands on lessons.
Students have many opportunities to get involved in programming or in the center.
Students have many opportunities to grow in their faith.
Students have many opportunities to meet with instructors in and out of class.
Students have many opportunities to participate in activities that enhance personal growth.
Students have many opportunities to practice healthy habits.
Students have many opportunities to respond to feedback and learn from one another.
Students have many opportunities to search, read, and critique published literature.
Students have many opportunities to share and to demonstrate their learning through the arts.
Students have many opportunities to share ideas and demonstrate their reasoning abilities.
Students have many opportunities to take part in a broad range of fine and performing arts.
Students have many opportunities to use spoken language.
Students have many opportunities to work as interns at the museum.
Students have many opportunities to work closely with faculty in research and field experiences.
Students have many opportunities to write.
Students have many options for planning a program to meet their individual needs.
Students have many options to complete the program.
Students have many other solutions.
Students have many paths to find a job overseas.
Students have many problems Students have many problems applying math in physics.
Students have many questions about human behavior.
Students have many questions.
Students have many reasons for wanting to major in psychology.
Students have many reasons to be on the Internet.
Students have many responsibilities besides school, such as work and family.
Students have many stressful situations as they mature.
Students have many teachers during their schooling.
Students have many travel options during vacations.
Students have many ways to demonstrate their competence, including portfolios and presentations.
Students have many worksheets that are available to print along with answer keys.
Students have marketable skills upon graduation.
Students have meaningful and extensive portfolios indicating their achievement.
Students have meaningful discussions with each other in laboratory when working in pairs or groups.
Students have meaningful discussions with each other when working in pairs or groups.
Students have minimal understanding of the material they have been studying.
Students have mini-retreats which are held in the chapel twice a year.
Students have misconception.
Students have mixed feelings about the validity of the results.
Students have mixed feelings on graffiti.
Students have mixed feelings regarding the sale of marketing books as used books.
Students have mixed feelings.
Students have mixed reactions to academic advising.
Students have mixed reactions to the completion of the construction.
Students have mixed reactions to the increase.
Students have mixed views about the software.
Students have mixed views regarding the new process.
Students have more chance to appreciate differences.
Students have more choices in selected area of emphasis.
Students have more choices.
Students have more concrete reasons for being emotionally insecure.
Students have more confidence going into the actual test because they know what to expect.
Students have more designated time to read in class.
Students have more flexibility around the room.
Students have more flexibility in selecting times to eat.
Students have more freedom in class loads without being concerned about unit costs.
Students have more good examples of caring and citizenship.
Students have more involvement in their own learning.
Students have more knowledge about the country.
Students have more latitude in selecting approved alternatives in case of over-subscribed courses.
Students have more motivation to continue trying.
Students have more of a choice, compared to last year.
Students have more open book tests and more chances to redo work than at the regular school.
Students have more opinion on who the teachers are.
Students have more opportunity to select advanced courses.
Students have more places to shop, eat and relax.
Students have more power collectively than they think.
Students have more pride in their work if they know the project is something real.
Students have more private space than in the old rows of desks.
Students have more questions than instructors have time to answer.
Students have more rights to due process than teachers.
Students have more say in their education when the teacher is an involver.
Students have more technological savvy.
Students have more than one option for earning an associate of science degree.
Students have more time in the classroom for reading, language arts, and math.
Students have more time to ask questions and discuss issues in depth.
Students have more time to internalize the language.
Students have more time to respond thoughtfully.
Students have more time to review material, ask questions and understand concepts.
Students have more trouble imagining themselves making a difference in the world.
Students have more trouble writing causal arguments than any others.
Students have much independence and flexibility.
Students have multiple assessment opportunities to be successful.
Students have multiple intelligences.
Students have multiple opportunities and ways to demonstrate proficiency and understanding.
Students have multiple opportunities to demonstrate achievement of standards.
Students have multiple opportunities to join an existing club or to start a new one.
Students have multiple opportunities to take the test, including two times after leaving school.
Students have multiple places to go to on campus if they are experiencing an eating disorder.
Students have multiple speaking opportunities and receive feedback on their speaking.
Students have music and physical education during one hour on alternating days.
Students have music twice a week.
Students have names on backs and by talking with others guess who they are.
Students have natural as well as curriculum-based opportunities to collaborate.
Students have needs, the faculty has needs, the industry has needs, and the university has needs.
Students have new monkey bars, a fire pole, three slides and a turning bar.
Students have new pathways to learning .
Students have nine months from the date of enrollment to complete a course.
Students have no access to video and audio digitizing resources, for example.
Students have no access.
Students have no account administration privileges.
Students have no business being in or near military dormitories.
Students have no choice but to be there and to do as they are told.
Students have no choice on what to learn and when to sit for the examination.
Students have no control over the pacing of the broadcast.
Students have no default access.
Students have no direct involvement in the election process.
Students have no direct involvement in the electoral process.
Students have no excuse for forgetting assignments.
Students have no expectation of privacy in their use of school computers.
Students have no exposure to that air, the report states.
Students have no guardians and bounce around.
Students have no idea on how they'll be judged.
Students have no idea where to find answers and become very frustrated.
Students have no inherent right to run web pages off our computers.
Students have no input in the process.
Students have no legal choice about attending school.
Students have no legitimate right to privacy from the administration.
Students have no money.
Students have no night or weekend duties.
Students have no opportunity to receive tuition to both private and public schools in Louisiana.
Students have no patience for dialogue or subtle humor.
Students have no place to go.
Students have no problem locating a free computer to help out on their assignments.
Students have no real choice in what classes to take.
Students have no reason for no class.
Students have no reason to leave campus.
Students have no respect for teachers and vice-versa.
Students have no right of appeal concerning the exam and portfolio grading process .
Students have no rights.
Students have no sense of boundaries or when they have completed the topic.
Students have no time to prepare.
Students have no trouble sleeping during lectures.
Students have no use of paragraphs.
Students have notebooks.
Students have nowhere to congregate socially outside of their living units.
Students have numerous opportunities for participation in musical and dramatic programs.
Students have numerous opportunities to collaborate with faculty on research projects.
Students have numerous opportunities to engage in research as part of their undergraduate education.
Students have numerous opportunities to gain practical experience in their field.
Students have numerous opportunities to get involved and let their voice be heard.
Students have numerous opportunities to interact with film and television industry professionals.
Students have numerous opportunities to participate in ensembles, bands, orchestras, and choir.
Students have numerous opportunities to view and reflect upon live performances and works on video.
Students have one additional week after the termination of the course to complete work.
Students have one additional year to complete the thesis and any lab or practicum.
Students have one and one-half times the program length to complete a degree.
Students have one calendar year to use the money from the time the application is approved.
Students have one chance to jump their frogs.
Students have one day for each day absent to make up work.
Students have one each week.
Students have one hour to complete one essay question corresponding to each competency.
Students have one hour to complete the project.
Students have one hour to write in response to a unrehearsed prompt.
Students have one last decision.
Students have one minute to get to class before the tardy bell rings.
Students have one minute to throw the beanbags and balls into the neighbors' back yard.
Students have one month from the date of the absence to make-up an excused absence.
Students have one month to pay.
Students have one more opportunity to register for summer classes.
Students have one music class each week with their homeroom group.
Students have one opportunity to resubmit their portfolios for admission into the school.
Students have one rehearsal or coaching per week.
Students have one school day to make up work for each day they are absent.
Students have one semester after their dismissal to request and complete their personal interview.
Students have one semester in which to address errors and NGs on the transcript.
Students have one semester in which to complete the admission process.
Students have one semester to complete all admission requirements.
Students have one thing in common.
Students have one week after graded work is returned to inquire about grading methods.
Students have one week following an absence to obtain an excused absence.
Students have one week from the absence to turn in make up work.
Students have one week from the date of posting to correct any errors.
Students have one week from the first day of the fall and spring semesters to register vehicles.
Students have one week from the giving of the in-class examination to make up exams one and two.
Students have one week to complete each assignment.
Students have one week to complete each of the problem set assignments.
Students have one week to complete each weekly assignment.
Students have one week to complete it.
Students have one week to complete the exam.
Students have one week to complete the post-test review and retake the exam.
Students have one week to contest exam grades.
Students have one week to do make-up work.
Students have one week to review and make changes.
Students have one year after completing the class to turn in their portfolios.
Students have one year from the date of application to take the local examination.
Students have one year from the date of enrollment to complete a semester course.
Students have one year from the date of enrollment to complete the course.
Students have one year from the date of registration to complete independent study courses.
Students have ONE year or until their student teaching semester to finish correspondence courses.
Students have one year to appeal a course grade.
Students have one year to complete a course.
Students have one year to complete incompletes.
Students have one year to complete make-up work.
Students have one year to complete the comprehensive evaluation process.
Students have one year to use their funds.
Students have one-year to complete the course.
Students have ongoing opportunities to learn about and appreciate their own and others' cultures.
Students have online access to a pool of mentors.
Students have online access to course catalogs, registration information, grades and transcripts.
Students have online access to the instructor in discussion forums and live chat.
Students have online access to their records.
Students have only a few seconds to read and record the word.
Students have only a few seconds to respond to each word.
Students have only good things to say.
Students have only one chance to pass a testout.
Students have only one week to contest quiz grades.
Students have only to enter their names and click on their choice, then watch a movie.
Students have on-site experience in growing plants and flowers in greenhouses and outdoor gardens.
Students have ooportunities to gain computer and other technical skills.
Students have open access to computers.
Students have open access to systems.
Students have open access to the library during school hours.
Students have opportunities beyond regular course work to develop and demonstrate skills.
Students have opportunities every semester to evaluate faculty members and courses.
Students have opportunities for a comprehensive education in many different disciplines.
Students have opportunities for a variety of theoretical and experimental research projects.
Students have opportunities for active citizenship.
Students have opportunities for both independent inquiry and learning in cooperation with others .
Students have opportunities for both independent inquiry and learning in cooperation with others.
Students have opportunities for close acquaintance with and guidance from faculty members.
Students have opportunities for field trips, guest speakers, and multi-disciplinary projects.
Students have opportunities for field work as well as lab work.
Students have opportunities for hands-on experiences in both science and technology labs.
Students have opportunities for hands-on research with modern equipment and facilities.
Students have opportunities for hands-on research with modern equipment and in modern facilities.
Students have opportunities for increased responsibility for goal setting and self-monitoring.
Students have opportunities for internships and hands-on experience.
Students have opportunities for leadership and for creative expression.
Students have opportunities for part time work and internships.
Students have opportunities for supervised teaching and statistical consulting experience.
Students have opportunities for work-based as well as classroom education.
Students have opportunities in a variety of other settings.
Students have opportunities to act on issues of larger community interest.
Students have opportunities to apply what they have learned in a professional context.
Students have opportunities to assess their own performance.
Students have opportunities to choose reading materials.
Students have opportunities to collaborate with others in small groups.
Students have opportunities to compare various types of research methodology and data analysis.
Students have opportunities to conduct independent research projects.
Students have opportunities to conduct research with faculty members.
Students have opportunities to confirm or appeal course placements.
Students have opportunities to construct their own projects.
Students have opportunities to define goals for themselves.
Students have opportunities to design many scientific applications.
Students have opportunities to develop an appreciation for other cultures.
Students have opportunities to develop and apply measurement and scale concepts.
Students have opportunities to develop both oral and written communication skills.
Students have opportunities to develop leadership skills.
Students have opportunities to draw on the expertise of Silicon Valley business leaders.
Students have opportunities to examine economic problems and their alternative solutions.
Students have opportunities to exhibit and preview their work.
Students have opportunities to experience surgical otolaryngology.
Students have opportunities to explore and find out what they really enjoy doing and learning about.
Students have opportunities to explore careers to clarify their professional goals.
Students have opportunities to explore certain topics in depth and to establish individual goals.
Students have opportunities to explore mathematics in computer-based learning environments.
Students have opportunities to explore new ideas.
Students have opportunities to form organizations based on their concerns and interests.
Students have opportunities to gain computer and other technical skills.
Students have opportunities to gain in-school experience through volunteering in local schools.
Students have opportunities to gain leadership skills.
Students have opportunities to gather in-depth career information and ask related questions.
Students have opportunities to get to know each other and to take part in social events.
Students have opportunities to go beyond the requirements.
Students have opportunities to interact with faculty through phone, fax and E-mail.
Students have opportunities to intern throughout the nation as well as other countries.
Students have opportunities to lead discussion groups and develop writing skills.
Students have opportunities to learn about the entire spectrum of materials.
Students have opportunities to learn in a collaborative environment.
Students have opportunities to learn to work with all size systems in a variety of assignments.
Students have opportunities to meet with visiting artists.
Students have opportunities to meet, hear from, and question experienced qualitative researchers.
Students have opportunities to modify their major preferences at any time prior to entering a major.
Students have opportunities to observe counseling situations and to practice counseling techniques.
Students have opportunities to participate in all aspects of television production.
Students have opportunities to participate in career fairs.
Students have opportunities to participate in electives and summer projects as described below.
Students have opportunities to participate in mooting competitions and in academic exchanges.
Students have opportunities to participate in peer counseling and support groups.
Students have opportunities to participate in research with faculty.
Students have opportunities to perform and tour locally as well as internationally.
Students have opportunities to perform both on and off campus.
Students have opportunities to perform, compose, and pursue their individual interests in music.
Students have opportunities to plan and construct texts.
Students have opportunities to plan or choose tasks to attain learning goals.
Students have opportunities to practice and apply skills and knowledge learned.
Students have opportunities to practice social work within various human services settings.
Students have opportunities to practice the conventions of writing.
Students have opportunities to provide care to faculty clinicians patients at all clinic locations.
Students have opportunities to publish their work both within and outside of the school context.
Students have opportunities to research topics of personal interest throughout the course.
Students have opportunities to sample a range of topics or to focus on a specific one.
Students have opportunities to see and understand treatment options at various stages.
Students have opportunities to share and discuss work with classmates online.
Students have opportunities to strengthen oral communication skills.
Students have opportunities to travel and participate in cultural activities.
Students have opportunities to understand their roles in determining environmental policies.
Students have opportunities to work in and lead teams throughout each program.
Students have opportunities to work in urban, rural, and suburban settings.
Students have opportunities to work in various media.
Students have opportunities to work on college productions if they choose to do so.
Students have opportunities to work on research projects with departmental faculty.
Students have opportunities to work throughout the community in a variety of service capacities.
Students have opportunities to work with attorneys and court and law officers.
Students have opportunities to work with faculty in all components of the program.
Students have opportunities to work with their professors as research assistants.
Students have opportunity for both group and individual singing.
Students have opportunity for both independent inquiry and learning in cooperation with others.
Students have opportunity to experience speaking before small and large audiences.
Students have opportunity to study large number of medicinal plants grown in our herbal garden.
Students have opportunity to take more courses during their college career.
Students have opportunity to work cooperatively with the research teams.
Students have opportunity to work with faculty on research projects.
Students have opportunity.
Students have opportunties for active citizenship.
Students have opportunties to use digital graphic equipment and other new technology.
Students have option of paying in full or in installments.
Students have options and rights.
Students have options for studying for one to two semesters during their undergraduate program.
Students have options in selecting their program design.
Students have options of varying lengths to complete their certification program of study.
Students have options to pursue topics that develop skills suited to their career goals in lighting.
Students have options.
Students have other off-site responsibilities as discussed below.
Students have other options too.
Students have other ways of expressing themselves.
Students have our permission to print out a copy of the article for classroom use.
Students have ownership of their goals.
Students have partners.
Students have passion.
Students have password-protected access.
Students have patient responsibilities, write orders and are on -call.
Students have peer response groups on their first drafts within their writing circles.
Students have pencil, paper, or other necessary materials.
Students have periodical internal tests and examinations and receive monthly evaluation grades.
Students have permission letter signed the first day of class.
Students have permission.
Students have personal office space within the department, and free campus parking.
Students have personal relationships with faculty and staff.
Students have personal stakes in the outcome of the simulation.
Students have perspective.
Students have pets.
Students have physical education classes on a regularly scheduled basis.
Students have physical education twice a week, with both outside and inside activities.
Students have plenty of buddies.
Students have plenty of opportunities to interact both inside and outside of the classroom.
Students have plenty of opportunity to write.
Students have plenty of space to set up their work and to leave it undisturbed.
Students have plenty of time for socializing outside of the classroom.
Students have plenty of time to practice, analyze and understand each concept and calculation.
Students have poor arithmetic skills.
Students have poor information retrieval skills.
Students have positions on most faculty committees.
Students have positive experience.
Students have positive feelings toward the use of instructional technology in the classroom.
Students have positive learn experience.
Students have practice drills on a regular basis.
Students have previous academic failure.
Students have pride in their work, and positive attitudes toward school and community.
Students have primary responsibility for activities sponsored by the student body.
Students have primary responsibility for all aspects of casework.
Students have primary responsibility for their actions.
Students have prior attendance problems.
Students have prior experience with procedural programming and traditional structured design.
Students have prior experience.
Students have prior knowledge of using the Internet.
Students have priorities.
Students have priority for care.
Students have priority if it is oversubscribed.
Students have priority over staff and faculty.
Students have priority usage.
Students have priority use during school hours.
Students have private lesson plus a theory class each week.
Students have private lives like everyone else.
Students have private rooms and there is one rest day each week for personal study.
Students have private rooms, and bathrooms are on each floor.
Students have privileges at the medical library.
Students have problem assignments which require the use of micro-computers.
Students have problems determining which knowledge is appropriate in which situation.
Students have problems even remembering the very basic information from the time in school.
Students have problems with abstract and conceptual thinking.
Students have problems.
Students have professors.
Students have project opportunities as well as research and guest speakers.
Students have protection against prejudiced or capricious academic evaluation.
Students have protection through orderly procedure against improper academic evaluation.
Students have psychological needs - know what they are.
Students have psycho-social, emotional, physical and spiritual needs.
Students have public readings of their works.
Students have quick and easy access to city buses.
Students have quite a variety of educational backgrounds, motivations, goals, interests, etc.
Students have reactions to the things they see.
Students have reading time within the school day and teachers encourage outside reading at home.
Students have ready access to a cornucopia of materials.
Students have ready access to academic staff.
Students have ready access to an enormous extended collection of research resources.
Students have ready access to appropriate learning resources.
Students have ready access to computers, high-tech instruments and research labs.
Students have ready access to graphing calculators during class.
Students have ready access to involvement in more than fifty clubs and organizations.
Students have ready access to technology, which is used to enhance their learning.
Students have ready access to their battery and battalion commanders.
Students have real life, meaningful opportunities to practice their writing skills and processes.
Students have real opportunities to grow - intellectually, athletically, spiritually and socially.
Students have realistic expectations for themselves.
Students have reciprocal access to facilities on both campuses.
Students have records both as employees and as students.
Students have recycling now and worm composters are due for the coming term.
Students have regular access to computer equipment and software in the classroom.
Students have regular access to professionals and learn about new and existing technologies.
Students have regular assignments and also take proctored tests.
Students have regular assignments like midterms, finals and class projects.
Students have regular group and ensemble lessons in addition to the individual lessons.
Students have regular meetings after school in the building.
Students have regular meetings with the project worker to monitor on-going needs and issues.
Students have regular mentoring meetings, as well as regular seminars and journal club.
Students have regular practice working with whole numbers, decimals, fractions, and percents.
Students have religious instruction daily.
Students have remote access to the Internet, their e-mail and applications.
Students have representation and vote on all seminary committees.
Students have resources.
Students have responsibilities, relationships, ups and downs just like anyone else.
Students have responsibility for providing accurate address information.
Students have reward college experience.
Students have reward experience.
Students have rights as individuals.
Students have rooms.
Students have root access to computers in the lab.
Students have rubrics from the beginning.
Students have science experiences and activities every day.
Students have self-respect and, therefore, respect the rights of others as individuals.
Students have senses.
Students have separate classes with a physical education teacher.
Students have seven classes with six of the classes meeting each day.
Students have seven days to add a class after the semester begins.
Students have seven days to appeal any disciplinary action.
Students have seven days to appeal disciplinary action.
Students have seven years from enrollment to complete the program.
Students have seven years in which to complete all the work for the master's degree.
Students have seven years to complete all requirements for the doctoral degree.
Students have seven years to complete program after initial enrollment in course work.
Students have seven years to complete the master's degree.
Students have seven years to complete the work for a master's degree.
Students have seventy-two hours to write their questions.
Students have several chances to pass the test before graduation.
Students have several chances to take the test.
Students have several choices.
Students have several computers available that list all materials in the library media center.
Students have several enrollment options throughout the year offered at prorated premium rates.
Students have several larger desks in a cubiclelike space.
Students have several levels of mentorship.
Students have several months to complete the course.
Students have several opportunities to exhibit their work in the school and community.
Students have several opportunities to pass the test.
Students have several opportunities to register.
Students have several options concerning instruction and programs.
Students have several options for demonstrating each competency in the learning plan.
Students have several options for disk storage.
Students have several options for minors.
Students have several options for network access from their residence hall room.
Students have several options for publication.
Students have several options for repayment.
Students have several options for reporting a rape.
Students have several options for short-term opportunities.
Students have several options for taking classes and earning credits.
Students have several options for the order in which they complete the degree requirements.
Students have several options from the Work Boxes.
Students have several options in reporting their experiences.
Students have several options of focus within the Graduate Study.
Students have several options of provisional licensure from which to choose.
Students have several options regarding payment.
Students have several options to choose from.
Students have several options to increase their safety.
Students have several options when choosing a meal plan.
Students have several options when enrolling.
Students have several options when entering the world of high technology training.
Students have several options when filing for financial aid.
Students have several options.
Students have several phone numbers to call, and can remain anonymous.
Students have several study possibilities abroad, including a semester of study in London.
Students have significant freedom in selecting courses.
Students have significant responsibility for planning service-learning projects.
Students have similar characteristics.
Students have similar complaints.
Students have similar reservations about tutoring.
Students have similar views on the issues, but conflict about the importance of voting.
Students have single rooms and share a kitchen, living room and bathroom facilities.
Students have single rooms in dorms and share kitchen privileges with German students.
Students have single rooms with washbasins.
Students have six key responsibilities.
Students have six months after graduation or withdrawal from college before any payments are due.
Students have six months to complete each course.
Students have six months to complete the course.
Students have six to eight minutes to persuasively answer the question.
Students have six weeks from the start of instruction to change a course to an audit status.
Students have six years from the date they matriculated to complete their graduate degree programs.
Students have six years to complete degree requirements of the program of their choice.
Students have six years within which the coursework can apply toward degree requirements.
Students have skills needed to obtain entry-level jobs or have upgraded skills in their field.
Students have skills needed to survive in social and working Russian-speaking environments.
Students have skills.
Students have snack, lunch and rest time during the school day.
Students have so many more opportunities.
Students have so many varying needs, interests, and hopes.
Students have so much stress that can be relieved through massage therapy.
Students have so much to learn during their college years.
Students have social events such as bowling, roller skating and picnics.
Students have some choice in the selection of texts.
Students have some choices.
Students have some control over what they pay for.
Students have some correct information and thus do better than chance.
Students have some flexibility in choosing the language for completing the programming assignment.
Students have some flexibility in selecting courses, according to program requirements.
Students have some free time off to explore the city with some organized sightseeing included.
Students have some mixed reactions about the closing of the building.
Students have some options in choosing their residential environment.
Students have some potential relief about tight final exam schedules.
Students have some training and interest in the type of work to be performed.
Students have some use of paragraphs.
Students have someone to gripe to now.
Students have something tangible to show employers and admissions committees.
Students have Spanish instruction twice weekly.
Students have special classes in art, physical education, music and band.
Students have special classes in music, physical education, library, and computer.
Students have special interests as the seasons change.
Students have special jobs or services.
Students have special nutritional needs.
Students have special reason to be concerned.
Students have special training list where all their training and internships are recorded.
Students have specialized needs which require additional staff and support.
Students have specialized teachers is music, art, and physical education.
Students have specific information.
Students have specific rights in the classroom, as detailed in Article of the code.
Students have specific units for which they have planning responsibilities.
Students have stomachs.
Students have strong interdisciplinary interest.
Students have strong interest.
Students have strong preference for terms used by people outside the gay and lesbian community.
Students have strong writing skills and are capable of high-level critical thinking.
Students have student identification cards that can be used for that purpose.
Students have studio time for individual hands-on access to equipment.
Students have subjects.
Students have substantial interaction with professional salespeople.
Students have substantial opportunities to conduct individual research with faculty.
Students have success solving small problems quickly.
Students have such a variety of interests and a variety of tastes.
Students have sufficient background knowledge of specific weather events such as snow and rain.
Students have sufficient flexibility to tailor their experiences to their own career goals.
Students have sufficient free time to explore on their own.
Students have systematic opportunities to relate course content to classroom experiences.
Students have t hree an hour-class a week .
Students have tasks to perform every week.
Students have teachers.
Students have team and class discussions concerning recipes that are considered native to our area.
Students have telephone and email access to their teachers.
Students have templates to create journals, graphs and charts, and other KPSD documents.
Students have ten classes available for individual instruction under applied music.
Students have ten days to complete and return each assignment to the instructor for evaluation.
Students have ten days to complete the two-part exam.
Students have ten years to repay the loans.
Students have ten years to repay.
Students have textbooks and literature which they have to read for the courses they take.
Students have textbooks.
Students have the ability to access the Internet from their seat.
Students have the ability to access the library's vast database from their home computers.
Students have the ability to allow their accounts to be accessed by employers, if desired.
Students have the ability to browse class information, syllabi and information about the professor.
Students have the ability to earn up to three add-on credits.
Students have the ability to network with prospective employers.
Students have the ability to program in both high and low level languages.
Students have the ability to reflect upon what is communicated through the art form of dance.
Students have the ability to search the database based on their location or area of interest.
Students have the ability to search the library by topic.
Students have the ability to select their own clinical practicum experience.
Students have the ability to send assignments by electronic mail.
Students have the ability to substitute an elective in place of the required course.
Students have the ability to take time off to attend to family or work demands.
Students have the ability to use analytical and numerical mathematics to solve engineering problems.
Students have the added option of employment in Europe and the wider world.
Students have the added satisfaction of knowing their efforts are useful to the community.
Students have the additional option of finding approved sites in other states or countries.
Students have the advantage of a broad-based general education along with a strong technical major.
Students have the advantage of selecting one of three tracks in the sociology major.
Students have the advantage of taking their classes right at the high school.
Students have the benefit of being with the same teacher for two years.
Students have the benefit of companionship and family-type environment.
Students have the benefit of working with internationally known faculty members and researchers.
Students have the benefit that their studies have been directly focused on the engineering degrees.
Students have the book, student worksheet, poster, and flip book to use as visuals.
Students have the book, written directions, and a sample legend on chart paper to use as visuals.
Students have the burden of proof proving domicile for purposes of in-state tuition.
Students have the burden of proving domicile for purposes of instate tuition.
Students have the burden of proving domicile for purposes of in-state tuition.
Students have the burden of proving domicile for the purpose of in-state tuition.
Students have the capability to create CDs for their own pleasure and amusement.
Students have the challenge of making sense of a variety of frameworks.
Students have the chance to apply what they have learned.
Students have the chance to earn free time at the end of the day.
Students have the chance to experience what it is like to be a real scientist.
Students have the chance to explore degree programs and determine career directions.
Students have the chance to interact with faculty and marketing practitioners in informal settings.
Students have the chance to learn more about the beautiful campus and educational opportunities.
Students have the chance to make decisions for which node is being expanded.
Students have the chance to meet and talk with writers at informal receptions after the readings.
Students have the chance to meet with real clients and to produce real working plans.
Students have the chance to participate in an internship, if desired.
Students have the chance to participate in one of fourteen thematically designed programs.
Students have the chance to participate in one of thirteen thematically designed programs.
Students have the chance to see first hand new developments in graphic design.
Students have the chance to see what other classes have studied, ask questions, and compare results.
Students have the chance to talk with an engineering professional and ask questions.
Students have the chance to tap trees and learn about the process involved with producing syrup.
Students have the chance to work with a researcher at a small local company and a faculty co-mentor.
Students have the choice as to which track to enroll in.
Students have the choice of a single room or a double room board.
Students have the choice of a summer uniform in the warmer months.
Students have the choice of a thesis or non-thesis option.
Students have the choice of applying initially for one or two semesters.
Students have the choice of attending one or more summer sessions.
Students have the choice of both the area of emphasis and the courses within the emphasis.
Students have the choice of bringing their lunch or purchasing lunch from the cafeteria.
Students have the choice of either a hearing or deaf roommate.
Students have the choice of picking words from the book or they can come up with their own ideas.
Students have the choice of purchasing computers before they arrive or from an on campus reseller.
Students have the choice of residential or family accommodation .
Students have the choice of studying electrochemistry, metallurgy, or nuclear chemistry.
Students have the choice of taking a final exam or writing a short paper.
Students have the choice of taking a performance exam or writing a term paper .
Students have the choice of taking online, on campus or a combination of both course formats.
Students have the choice of the main entree, or the monthly second choice, or monthly third choice.
Students have the choice of the thesis or non-thesis option.
Students have the choice of three testing styles and can select five different content themes.
Students have the choice of university residence, off-campus housing or family housing.
Students have the choice of which seminars that they choose to attend.
Students have the choice of working in miniature scale, or with larger beads and needles.
Students have the choice to attend a live session or complete the process online.
Students have the choice to include parents in their educational experience.
Students have the choice to print if and when needed and bear the cost themselves.
Students have the choice to type their speed tests either on the typewriter or the computer.
Students have the choice, if they so choose, to concentrate on one of two streams.
Students have the convenience of attending class from their own homes on their own schedules.
Students have the convenience of receiving instructor feedback via e-mail.
Students have the day off from traditional classes.
Students have the day off, but it is scheduled as a teacher work day.
Students have the days listed on their calendars.
Students have the direct support of a personal tutor, and features a placement check.
Students have the energy, imagination and intelligence to make a difference in their community.
Students have the entire defense council office acting as their attorney.
Students have the entire semester to schedule the time.
Students have the entire week to complete the exam.
Students have the experience of coming together in Open Circle to hear different voices.
Students have the experience of learning a new language.
Students have the expertise to plant and construct simple gardens or other works.
Students have the exposure and the experience working with computers.
Students have the first opportunity to be named officers.
Students have the first priority in accessing the equipment.
Students have the first two weeks of the quarter to change their meal plan.
Students have the first week of the semester to finalize registered courses without additional fees.
Students have the flexibility of combining traditional classroom-based and online courses.
Students have the flexibility of taking electives in a specific field or in a number of areas.
Students have the flexibility of viewing the program at their discretion.
Students have the flexibility to begin any semester.
Students have the flexibility to choose upper division electives in physics and related areas.
Students have the flexibility to create a plan of study that meets their needs and interests.
Students have the flexibility to get their lectures and assignments any time of day or night.
Students have the flexibility to move about frequently and can snack during their work periods.
Students have the flexibility to pursue specific educational or professional interests.
Students have the flexibility to work at their own pace in the lower grades.
Students have the flexibility to work at their own pace in the program.
Students have the following three tuition and fee payment options.
Students have the freedom and flexibility to suggest or even teach a class.
Students have the freedom of choosing their own classes .
Students have the freedom to assemble peacefully.
Students have the freedom to choose advanced level and elective courses in all departments.
Students have the freedom to choose whatever they like and do it in pairs.
Students have the freedom to pursue their interests and strengths.
Students have the full responsibility for complying promptly with all directives.
Students have the further responsibility of ensuring that all graduation requirements are met.
Students have the greatest possible freedom in changing advisors.
Students have the greatest potential for major social change in developing countries.
Students have the last word on whether any changes are to be made in their work.
Students have the legal right of refusal without fear of repercussion in any form.
Students have the most fun when they dissect a cow's eye.
Students have the number of days absent plus two days to make up missed school work.
Students have the obligation ahead of time to make the necessary arrangements for makeups.
Students have the obligation to report suspected misconduct or irregular or lax examination methods.
Students have the opportuninty to call in to the show live and receive assistance with math homwork.
Students have the opportunities to explore studio, digital and freelance magazine projects.
Students have the opportunity and are encouraged to develop distinct areas of specialization.
Students have the opportunity choose from a variety of reports or customize their own.
Students have the opportunity every semester to test and advance in belt rank.
Students have the opportunity for a self-initiated appeal of a disciplinary action.
Students have the opportunity for career exploration through the cluster concept.
Students have the opportunity for certification in most program areas.
Students have the opportunity for daytime classes to prepare for graduation.
Students have the opportunity for extended independent travel at the end of the academic year.
Students have the opportunity for extensive programming on the college computer.
Students have the opportunity for formal career exploration.
Students have the opportunity for frequent interaction with faculty.
Students have the opportunity for genuine dialogue with their peers and professors.
Students have the opportunity for individualized attention.
Students have the opportunity for internship programs with air traffic agencies.
Students have the opportunity for laboratory, aquatic, and terrestrial projects.
Students have the opportunity for more specialized study in the following areas of interest.
Students have the opportunity for open water experience and certification.
Students have the opportunity for practical, field-based experience.
Students have the opportunity of being exposed to a wide variety of material.
Students have the opportunity of doing research from two to four afternoons per week.
Students have the opportunity of further study once they have successfully completed the course.
Students have the opportunity of participating in a variety of work education programs.
Students have the opportunity of practicing in privacy and as many times as they wish.
Students have the opportunity of securing extra credit with a book report.
Students have the opportunity of studying a subject at whichever level suits their abilities.
Students have the opportunity of trial classes which are offered for all courses.
Students have the opportunity of winning a variety of monetary awards, scholarships, and trips.
Students have the opportunity to achieve specialized skills in various vocational fields.
Students have the opportunity to achieve success daily through a variety of teaching styles.
Students have the opportunity to achieve the highest level within their chosen sport.
Students have the opportunity to acquire entry level vocational skills.
Students have the opportunity to acquire expertise in all tax areas.
Students have the opportunity to acquire in-depth information about one country's health system.
Students have the opportunity to acquire skills that pertain to various media arts.
Students have the opportunity to act in shows every semester.
Students have the opportunity to actively participate in the selection of music.
Students have the opportunity to analyse and map inequalities data.
Students have the opportunity to analyze a particular conflict or national movement in depth.
Students have the opportunity to analyze actual case studies in environmental issues.
Students have the opportunity to analyze programs and learning materials.
Students have the opportunity to analyze writing as a way of learning and thinking.
Students have the opportunity to analyze, interpret and suggest management recommendations.
Students have the opportunity to apply analytical problem solving.
Students have the opportunity to apply classroom knowledge to real world situations.
Students have the opportunity to apply the knowledge and skills learned in the classroom.
Students have the opportunity to apply the theory through model criminal cases.
Students have the opportunity to apply their knowledge and skills in simulated instruction.
Students have the opportunity to apply their skills to patrons andother students.
Students have the opportunity to apply theories of dietetic practice in a functional setting.
Students have the opportunity to apply what they have learned in the previous classes.
Students have the opportunity to appreciate and experience other cultures.
Students have the opportunity to ask individual questions on applying to graduate school.
Students have the opportunity to ask officers questions in a one on one setting.
Students have the opportunity to ask questions of someone who knows the industry inside and out.
Students have the opportunity to ask questions.
Students have the opportunity to assess and plan treatment for selected clients.
Students have the opportunity to assess professional commitment to social service.
Students have the opportunity to assist on other productions.
Students have the opportunity to assist professors with class work and research.
Students have the opportunity to assist with a variety of procedures.
Students have the opportunity to attend national conventions and conferences.
Students have the opportunity to attend on-campus athletic events and enjoy the campus setting.
Students have the opportunity to attend on-campus sessions once or twice per semester.
Students have the opportunity to attend speaker meetings and participate in field trips.
Students have the opportunity to attend summer film camps around the United States.
Students have the opportunity to attend symposia and conferences.
Students have the opportunity to attend, on the average, three or more seminars each week.
Students have the opportunity to be authors and illustrators.
Students have the opportunity to be cast in classical, jazz and contemporary works.
Students have the opportunity to be exposed to a wide range of print and technology based resources.
Students have the opportunity to be exposed to the college experience years before they attend.
Students have the opportunity to be involved with the hundreds of clubs and organizations on campus.
Students have the opportunity to be officers at the local, state, and national level.
Students have the opportunity to be published before graduation.
Students have the opportunity to become active participants throughout the entire unit.
Students have the opportunity to become actively involved in learning the course material.
Students have the opportunity to begin their studies with a year abroad in France or Quebec.
Students have the opportunity to blend other areas of study with their core base.
Students have the opportunity to bond with others as they interrelate with college peers.
Students have the opportunity to change their information while the HOUSe form windows are open.
Students have the opportunity to choose a number of career paths in the field of aging.
Students have the opportunity to choose a work site related to their perceived career interest.
Students have the opportunity to choose an issue and investigate it in depth.
Students have the opportunity to choose different cases for illustration.
Students have the opportunity to choreograph and also to learn from professional choreographers.
Students have the opportunity to choreograph some of the performances.
Students have the opportunity to come for extra help before and after school.
Students have the opportunity to comment on the modules they have taken at the end of each semester.
Students have the opportunity to comment on topics and pose questions.
Students have the opportunity to compete at zone, regional and state level.
Students have the opportunity to compete for nightly prizes, pay raises and team incentives.
Students have the opportunity to compete in events testing their business knowledge and skills.
Students have the opportunity to compete in local, state, and national contests.
Students have the opportunity to compete in moot court exercises early in their law school careers.
Students have the opportunity to compete in skill events at the regional, state and national level.
Students have the opportunity to compete individually or as a team of four.
Students have the opportunity to compete throughout the world and participate in community events.
Students have the opportunity to complete an evaluation of the instruction received.
Students have the opportunity to complete high school and pre-college requirements.
Students have the opportunity to concentrate in depth in one of the studio fields listed above.
Students have the opportunity to conduct research and write history.
Students have the opportunity to confer with visiting speakers.
Students have the opportunity to construct and simulate their own versions of an econometric model.
Students have the opportunity to construct maps relating to their own lives.
Students have the opportunity to continue the development of their academic study approaches.
Students have the opportunity to create their own rhyming poems and cinquains.
Students have the opportunity to curate exhibitions, do field work, and do research for catalogues.
Students have the opportunity to decide for themselves the location of Columbus' first landing.
Students have the opportunity to demonstrate improvement in later semesters.
Students have the opportunity to design and execute a research project using the principles learned.
Students have the opportunity to design and pursue their own research topics throughout the course.
Students have the opportunity to design self selected projects.
Students have the opportunity to develop a greater appreciation of the French culture.
Students have the opportunity to develop a professional portfolio.
Students have the opportunity to develop a program of study related to their academic needs.
Students have the opportunity to develop an area of interest.
Students have the opportunity to develop and implement plans for assistive technology.
Students have the opportunity to develop at their own rate.
Students have the opportunity to develop basic motor skills.
Students have the opportunity to develop basic techniques on two instruments.
Students have the opportunity to develop entrepreneurship and computer skills.
Students have the opportunity to develop greater knowledge and skill in an area of interest.
Students have the opportunity to develop skills and experiences in business.
Students have the opportunity to develop skills viewed as attractive by a future employer.
Students have the opportunity to develop their interests and further their cultural exploration.
Students have the opportunity to develop values and ethics.
Students have the opportunity to discover how mathematics and subject matter fit together.
Students have the opportunity to discuss a variety of financial reporting topics in seminar fashion.
Students have the opportunity to discuss their experience as a group.
Students have the opportunity to discuss transfer planning and articulation.
Students have the opportunity to do advanced studies when they are ready.
Students have the opportunity to do community service work as part of the course requirements.
Students have the opportunity to do hands - on labs and compete in exciting competitions.
Students have the opportunity to do more advanced experiments in the lab.
Students have the opportunity to do research in a number of areas involving plants and soils.
Students have the opportunity to do some of their preparation in the computer labs.
Students have the opportunity to do the Tibetan language track.
Students have the opportunity to do their own evaluating.
Students have the opportunity to do work-ups, histories, and physicals.
Students have the opportunity to earn a Bachelor of Science degree.
Students have the opportunity to earn all credits needed toward a regular high school diploma.
Students have the opportunity to earn college credit while still in high school.
Students have the opportunity to earn dual degrees.
Students have the opportunity to earn four credits applicable to the freshman year.
Students have the opportunity to earn high school credits or their GED .
Students have the opportunity to earn money through good behavior and jobs completed.
Students have the opportunity to earn seals that are placed on shields.
Students have the opportunity to eat dinner with their advisor or other faculty in their program.
Students have the opportunity to either perform or choreograph for the company.
Students have the opportunity to e-mail an admissions counselor directly.
Students have the opportunity to email the president, vice president, and first lady.
Students have the opportunity to engage in community centered activism through volunteer activities.
Students have the opportunity to engage in internships and research in a variety of settings.
Students have the opportunity to engage in many athletic and recreational activities.
Students have the opportunity to enjoy a total college experience.
Students have the opportunity to enjoy nature and the great outdoors.
Students have the opportunity to enlarge their understanding of global problems and their solutions.
Students have the opportunity to enrol at several Berlin universities at the same time.
Students have the opportunity to enroll for credit in arts management .
Students have the opportunity to enroll in a number of elective courses in physical education.
Students have the opportunity to enroll in classes at either of our two college campuses.
Students have the opportunity to enroll in college classes their junior and senior years.
Students have the opportunity to enter the baccalaureate degree program by alternative pathways.
Students have the opportunity to evaluate each of the sessions.
Students have the opportunity to evaluate the course and make recommendations.
Students have the opportunity to evaluate their advisors annually.
Students have the opportunity to evaluate their elective courses.
Students have the opportunity to evaluate their instructors and to work with a major advisor.
Students have the opportunity to examine both basic and applied problems.
Students have the opportunity to excel in several subjects or subjects of individual interest.
Students have the opportunity to exhibit their works in an annual juried exhibition.
Students have the opportunity to expand in music, sports, science, etc.
Students have the opportunity to experience and critically reflect on group process.
Students have the opportunity to experience art in a unique format.
Students have the opportunity to experience the business world, but on a smaller scale.
Students have the opportunity to experience the French culture and achieve fluency in the language.
Students have the opportunity to experience the synergy of American music.
Students have the opportunity to explore and develop skills through an active hands-on approach.
Students have the opportunity to explore both wheel and handbuilding techniques.
Students have the opportunity to explore current research.
Students have the opportunity to explore diverse aspects of American experience.
Students have the opportunity to explore four different topics each year.
Students have the opportunity to explore issues related to working in an inter-agency environment.
Students have the opportunity to explore media techniques in more depth.
Students have the opportunity to explore the concepts and methods of electronic image preparation.
Students have the opportunity to explore the principles of art and design in more depth.
Students have the opportunity to express their creativity and to incorporate art into their lives.
Students have the opportunity to express their own invented shapes and line schemes.
Students have the opportunity to extinguish a real fire.
Students have the opportunity to find out information about hundreds of career oportunities.
Students have the opportunity to focus in two specific areas of their interest.
Students have the opportunity to focus on topics of their choice.
Students have the opportunity to formally question their results in any course or unit.
Students have the opportunity to function in advanced practice roles under preceptor guidance.
Students have the opportunity to gain driving skills in the country, in town, and on the highway.
Students have the opportunity to gain experience in photography, graphics and layout.
Students have the opportunity to gain laboratory experience with different investigators.
Students have the opportunity to gain practical community experience.
Students have the opportunity to gain practical experience through internships.
Students have the opportunity to gain practical experience while working on their degrees.
Students have the opportunity to get involved right away.
Students have the opportunity to get to know faculty outside of the classroom.
Students have the opportunity to get to know their instructors, usually on a first name basis.
Students have the opportunity to give and receive multiple attunements from each other.
Students have the opportunity to go deeper into their exploration of a single medium or concept.
Students have the opportunity to go on a mission trip during the year.
Students have the opportunity to go on a study trip in the their second year.
Students have the opportunity to go on an electronic field trip to Antarctica.
Students have the opportunity to graduate with distinction in mathematics.
Students have the opportunity to handle real specimens and artifacts.
Students have the opportunity to help select and meet with visiting performance artists.
Students have the opportunity to hold an entry-level position with the possibility of advancement.
Students have the opportunity to improve language skills before enrolling.
Students have the opportunity to increase management.
Students have the opportunity to influence legislation and higher education policy.
Students have the opportunity to interact with a variety of mediums in art classes.
Students have the opportunity to interact with guest composers and soloists.
Students have the opportunity to interact with other students and faculty of the Rocky Mountains.
Students have the opportunity to interact with practitioners from the field and social work alumnae.
Students have the opportunity to interact with practitioners in intermountain companies.
Students have the opportunity to interact with real people from other environments.
Students have the opportunity to interact with the visiting authors in open discussions.
Students have the opportunity to interact with their teacher and classmates on the Web.
Students have the opportunity to interact with visiting scholars formally and informally.
Students have the opportunity to intern at a wide variety of organizations.
Students have the opportunity to investigate and report using various methods.
Students have the opportunity to investigate conjectures in an algebraic system.
Students have the opportunity to investigate efficient use of energy in buildings.
Students have the opportunity to join a variety of clubs for a variety of interests.
Students have the opportunity to join city-league soccer, basketball, softball and volleyball teams.
Students have the opportunity to join our chorus, and or band.
Students have the opportunity to join small group tutorials.
Students have the opportunity to join their favorite clubs.
Students have the opportunity to learn about research methods, survey design, and computer usage.
Students have the opportunity to learn about the science behind the experiments.
Students have the opportunity to learn about the target cultures for each language.
Students have the opportunity to learn about their own heritage and the heritage of others.
Students have the opportunity to learn about volcanic eruptions without actually experiencing one.
Students have the opportunity to learn advanced painting, autobody repair and collision work.
Students have the opportunity to learn and experience success individually and collectively.
Students have the opportunity to learn at their own pace and thoroughly absorb the material.
Students have the opportunity to learn at their own pace, without strict deadlines.
Students have the opportunity to learn different conventions of communication through discussions.
Students have the opportunity to learn first hand what is involved in the running of a business.
Students have the opportunity to learn firsthand about international topics.
Students have the opportunity to learn from the finest faculty in both professional schools.
Students have the opportunity to learn how animals in the wild survive.
Students have the opportunity to learn how their education is applied to different areas.
Students have the opportunity to learn in small groups with specific skill lessons.
Students have the opportunity to learn new songs, create music and movement, and play instruments.
Students have the opportunity to learn science by doing science.
Students have the opportunity to learn skills to interact with real children and families.
Students have the opportunity to learn the content.
Students have the opportunity to learn to operate a range of instruments.
Students have the opportunity to learn to ski and go on several trips during the year.
Students have the opportunity to learn, grow and mature, and to develop self-confidence.
Students have the opportunity to link with Internet.
Students have the opportunity to live and learn with students from around the world here.
Students have the opportunity to live in an Ecuadorian host family, one student per family.
Students have the opportunity to live in dormitories.
Students have the opportunity to live with a French family if they choose.
Students have the opportunity to live, learn and grow in a safe, rural campus environment.
Students have the opportunity to make black and white enlargements and contact prints.
Students have the opportunity to make extensive use of the computer systems available on campus.
Students have the opportunity to make research presentations in the form of table clinics.
Students have the opportunity to make suggestions, ask questions, and discuss concerns.
Students have the opportunity to make their own choice of activities.
Students have the opportunity to meet and have dinner with the speakers.
Students have the opportunity to meet and help host visiting colloquium speakers.
Students have the opportunity to meet and learn from artists of stature in music, dance and theatre.
Students have the opportunity to meet and study with students from all over the world.
Students have the opportunity to meet and talk with the authors.
Students have the opportunity to meet and work with representatives from the energy industry.
Students have the opportunity to meet employers who are actively seeking candidates.
Students have the opportunity to meet monthly with their advisor.
Students have the opportunity to meet off-campus professionals and community members.
Students have the opportunity to meet people in the business they hope to enter.
Students have the opportunity to meet people who make European policy day after day.
Students have the opportunity to meet professors, graduate students, and student services staff.
Students have the opportunity to meet six amazing animals that call the African savanna home.
Students have the opportunity to meet with guest speakers from throughout the community.
Students have the opportunity to meet with many guest lecturers either before or after each lecture.
Students have the opportunity to meet with patients and their physicians.
Students have the opportunity to meet with the lecturers in and out of the classroom.
Students have the opportunity to mix classroom with practical experience.
Students have the opportunity to move to two of the three stations set up in the classroom.
Students have the opportunity to network and develop hands-on public relations experience.
Students have the opportunity to observe an actual labor arbitration conducted by the instructor.
Students have the opportunity to observe and gain experience in local child care facilities.
Students have the opportunity to observe and participate in faculty research projects.
Students have the opportunity to observe and to teach in a school setting.
Students have the opportunity to observe each stage in the life cycle of a simple plant.
Students have the opportunity to observe two legal professionals in the workplace.
Students have the opportunity to observe, tutor and assist in all facets of a teacher's day.
Students have the opportunity to obtain full fluency in the texts of antiquity.
Students have the opportunity to obtain hands-on experience in clinical or basic projects.
Students have the opportunity to obtain hands-on experience in specific research areas of interest.
Students have the opportunity to obtain teaching experience.
Students have the opportunity to organise leadership projects and many students do.
Students have the opportunity to participate at district, state and national levels.
Students have the opportunity to participate in a clinical research project if desired.
Students have the opportunity to participate in a four week research project in the Netherlands.
Students have the opportunity to participate in a number of intercollegiate sports activities.
Students have the opportunity to participate in a variety of extra curricular activities.
Students have the opportunity to participate in a varietyof extra curricular activities.
Students have the opportunity to participate in all Intramural sporting activities.
Students have the opportunity to participate in an internship during their advanced training.
Students have the opportunity to participate in an internship related to their occupation goals.
Students have the opportunity to participate in athletics at their community schools.
Students have the opportunity to participate in band, orchestra, and choral groups.
Students have the opportunity to participate in community service projects and activities.
Students have the opportunity to participate in independent research projects with the faculty.
Students have the opportunity to participate in instrumental music in the upper grades.
Students have the opportunity to participate in intramural soccer and basketball .
Students have the opportunity to participate in many extra-curricular activities.
Students have the opportunity to participate in oceanographic cruises during graduate study.
Students have the opportunity to participate in our on-going field research in Jamaica.
Students have the opportunity to participate in plays and musicals performed throughout the year.
Students have the opportunity to participate in pre-arranged internships or to propose their own.
Students have the opportunity to participate in scholarships and other awards.
Students have the opportunity to participate in study abroad programs travel while in school.
Students have the opportunity to participate in the COST program each semester.
Students have the opportunity to perform and direct throughout their four years of study.
Students have the opportunity to perform for thecamera and watch what they have learned.
Students have the opportunity to perform in a class recital at the end of each term.
Students have the opportunity to perform in band and choral activities.
Students have the opportunity to perform in noon recitals, juries, or master classes.
Students have the opportunity to plan an exhibition of their work at a local professional gallery.
Students have the opportunity to plan and implement a service project in the school or community.
Students have the opportunity to plan strategy and tactics to create battles.
Students have the opportunity to play duets and as a group.
Students have the opportunity to pose questions and provide responses.
Students have the opportunity to practice advanced skills in the health management of older adults.
Students have the opportunity to practice and assess communication and presentation skills.
Students have the opportunity to practice and learn in a friendly and supportive environment.
Students have the opportunity to practice ethical decision-making in the classroom setting.
Students have the opportunity to practice in urban, rural, and multidisciplinary settings.
Students have the opportunity to practice nursing in complex and diverse settings.
Students have the opportunity to practice one role at a time, then switch and practice another.
Students have the opportunity to practice specific career skills.
Students have the opportunity to practice team work and leadership skills.
Students have the opportunity to prepare meals in their apartments or to eat out.
Students have the opportunity to present appropriate lessons for a variety of grade levels.
Students have the opportunity to present research to the faculty and fellow dual-degree students.
Students have the opportunity to present their research at an annual college-wide Research Night.
Students have the opportunity to progress in direct relationship to their abilities and interests.
Students have the opportunity to provide an infant exam.
Students have the opportunity to publish their own creative work in a foreign language.
Students have the opportunity to purchase hot school lunches from the cafeteria.
Students have the opportunity to purchase quality literature from various genres.
Students have the opportunity to pursue a full academic program for either a semester or a year.
Students have the opportunity to pursue a full range of academic options beyond the major.
Students have the opportunity to pursue comparative education in two legal systems.
Students have the opportunity to pursue excellence in musical studies and performance.
Students have the opportunity to pursue independent projects.
Students have the opportunity to pursue pre-physical therapy or sports medicine in graduate school.
Students have the opportunity to pursue several advanced, specialized courses.
Students have the opportunity to put their faith into practice.
Students have the opportunity to put to work their Spanish conversation skills in small groups.
Students have the opportunity to raise questions and respond to questions.
Students have the opportunity to read six of seven quality novels.
Students have the opportunity to read, write, listen and speak daily.
Students have the opportunity to receive hands on experience in television news.
Students have the opportunity to receive honors and awards from competition.
Students have the opportunity to receive instruction in anesthesia on a preceptorship basis.
Students have the opportunity to reflect critically upon their experiences.
Students have the opportunity to reflect on their project and express their desires for the future.
Students have the opportunity to register for French, German or Spanish language courses.
Students have the opportunity to request an admission application packet on line.
Students have the opportunity to research a behavioral principle, process, treatment, or procedure.
Students have the opportunity to research internship opportunities through multiple fields.
Students have the opportunity to research internship opportunities trough multiple fields.
Students have the opportunity to respond to each philosophy in the writing exercises.
Students have the opportunity to review and revise their ICPs at least annually in high school.
Students have the opportunity to revise their work after responses from peers and the instructor.
Students have the opportunity to rotate to four different major cancer centers.
Students have the opportunity to search and sort the data entered by their classmates.
Students have the opportunity to see their own presentations on videotape.
Students have the opportunity to see what various companies do and how they operate.
Students have the opportunity to seek graduation with departmental honors in psychology.
Students have the opportunity to select a novel of their choice and level.
Students have the opportunity to select a specific project.
Students have the opportunity to select academic courses related to their career path choice.
Students have the opportunity to select electives according to their individual areas of interest.
Students have the opportunity to select one of two areas of specialization.
Students have the opportunity to select the college clusters that fit their interests.
Students have the opportunity to select two teaching fields.
Students have the opportunity to self assess on their reflective journals.
Students have the opportunity to serve and learn from community sites.
Students have the opportunity to serve as assistants in the laboratory.
Students have the opportunity to serve as lectors, sacristans, and Eucharistic ministers.
Students have the opportunity to shadow health professional and to participate in internships.
Students have the opportunity to shadow health professionals and to participate in internships.
Students have the opportunity to shape their own curriculum to meet personal career goals.
Students have the opportunity to share data with students and scientists from around the world.
Students have the opportunity to show a beef heifer, dairy heifer, horse, pig, or sheep.
Students have the opportunity to speak to a transfer counselor.
Students have the opportunity to speak with professionals working in their field of interest.
Students have the opportunity to speak, listen, and then write and illustrate their memory.
Students have the opportunity to specialise in either area.
Students have the opportunity to specialize during the fourth year.
Students have the opportunity to specialize in an area of interest at the upper undergraduate level.
Students have the opportunity to specialize in either a science or a policy option.
Students have the opportunity to spend a semester or a summer studying in Russia.
Students have the opportunity to spend a year or a semester abroad in a total immersion program.
Students have the opportunity to spend one semester in the USA during year two.
Students have the opportunity to spend ten to fifteen days in Mexico or Spain.
Students have the opportunity to spend two years with the same team of teachers.
Students have the opportunity to study abroad as well as to tutor and teach in local schools.
Students have the opportunity to study abroad for part of their course.
Students have the opportunity to study comparative law in a Caribbean setting.
Students have the opportunity to study for one semester or the entire year.
Students have the opportunity to study hands - on by actually preserving a document.
Students have the opportunity to study in Oviedo and stay with a Spanish family.
Students have the opportunity to study intensive Mandarin for nine weeks during the summer.
Students have the opportunity to study intensive Spanish.
Students have the opportunity to study or play in the game room.
Students have the opportunity to study the effects of human activity on earth s ecosystems.
Students have the opportunity to study theatre, dance and music as part of the curriculum.
Students have the opportunity to study under the direction of an outstanding keyboard faculty.
Students have the opportunity to study with both percussion faculty members on a rotating basis.
Students have the opportunity to study with experts both within and outside of the department.
Students have the opportunity to study with other adults who have varied work and life experiences.
Students have the opportunity to submit their original works.
Students have the opportunity to supplement existing interests or to discover new ones.
Students have the opportunity to supplement their academic work with extracurricular activities.
Students have the opportunity to supplement their lunches with a la carte extras.
Students have the opportunity to tailor certain parts of their program to meet individual needs.
Students have the opportunity to take a hands on approach to the sale.
Students have the opportunity to take a welding certification test administered by the school.
Students have the opportunity to take a wide variety of courses with many different professors.
Students have the opportunity to take advantage of the full spectrum of science resources.
Students have the opportunity to take all exams throughout the two-week program.
Students have the opportunity to take classes from a wide variety of electives.
Students have the opportunity to take field trips to see plays, ballets, symphonies and art museums.
Students have the opportunity to take math bags home that are filled with games and activities.
Students have the opportunity to take nine elective credits.
Students have the opportunity to take one elective each semester throughout their college career.
Students have the opportunity to take part in study abroad programmes.
Students have the opportunity to take part in summer trips to Spanish and German speaking countries.
Students have the opportunity to take private lessons in violin, piano and guitar.
Students have the opportunity to talk with alumni about career choices throughout the year.
Students have the opportunity to talk with industry professionals.
Students have the opportunity to test software and solve large-scale linear programs.
Students have the opportunity to test specialized knowledge and personal experience of humanity.
Students have the opportunity to transfer most earned credits to another program.
Students have the opportunity to travel all over the world and gain valuable life-experience.
Students have the opportunity to travel and study in Latin America and Europe.
Students have the opportunity to travel during weekends.
Students have the opportunity to travel to locations such as Paris, Rome, Dublin, and Edinburgh.
Students have the opportunity to treat all forms of periodontal diseases and related pathologies.
Students have the opportunity to treat patients, prescribe medicine, and schedule appointments.
Students have the opportunity to try new dishes and present cooking skills.
Students have the opportunity to try other weapons.
Students have the opportunity to turn their interests and dreams into reality.
Students have the opportunity to undertake original research.
Students have the opportunity to undertake work experience as part of their undergraduate program.
Students have the opportunity to use modern classrooms and laboratories.
Students have the opportunity to use the laboratory and equipment to gain hands-on experience.
Students have the opportunity to use the scanner and digitizing camera.
Students have the opportunity to video and critique their teaching performance.
Students have the opportunity to view an extremely rare Martian meteorite.
Students have the opportunity to view and learn from taped and live mock interviews.
Students have the opportunity to view the night sky with the school's telescopes.
Students have the opportunity to visit sites in New York.
Students have the opportunity to visit the book fair with their class during the school day.
Students have the opportunity to watch as workers net and tag fish for release.
Students have the opportunity to win accolades on the state and national levels.
Students have the opportunity to win certificates and trophies for their individual performances.
Students have the opportunity to win T-shirts, sport bags, and free passes to Six Flags.
Students have the opportunity to work both independently and collaboratively.
Students have the opportunity to work closely with professors on research and publication projects.
Students have the opportunity to work directly with visiting scholars in philosophy and literature.
Students have the opportunity to work extensively on videotape.
Students have the opportunity to work in a variety of settings.
Students have the opportunity to work in depth on chronic body problems.
Students have the opportunity to work in local archives and on extant buildings.
Students have the opportunity to work in research labs, during the term or during the summers.
Students have the opportunity to work on a departmental project abroad.
Students have the opportunity to work on a wide range of specialty unites.
Students have the opportunity to work on goal setting, trust, problem solving, and group challenge.
Students have the opportunity to work side by side with international leaders in the field.
Students have the opportunity to work through various phases of the research process.
Students have the opportunity to work toward two certificates of training during class time.
Students have the opportunity to work towards a wide range of qualifications.
Students have the opportunity to work towards qualifications.
Students have the opportunity to work towards the following awards.
Students have the opportunity to work with a number of faculty.
Students have the opportunity to work with a variety of programming languages and operating systems.
Students have the opportunity to work with an academic advisor.
Students have the opportunity to work with animal socialization.
Students have the opportunity to work with animals and to help with farm chores.
Students have the opportunity to work with cameras of various formats, both on and off campus.
Students have the opportunity to work with children with learning problems.
Students have the opportunity to work with children, adolescents or adults.
Students have the opportunity to work with computer and library services.
Students have the opportunity to work with computers.
Students have the opportunity to work with dolphins, sea lions, and a beluga whale.
Students have the opportunity to work with faculty in many speciality areas.
Students have the opportunity to work with faculty on dental- related projects.
Students have the opportunity to work with faculty on various research projects of their choice.
Students have the opportunity to work with faculty who have strong research orientation.
Students have the opportunity to work with local corporations through internships.
Students have the opportunity to work with professors in research based community activities.
Students have the opportunity to work with real clients on futuristic and conceptual projects.
Students have the opportunity to work with the actual hardware used for space missions.
Students have the opportunity to work with visiting professional artists regularly.
Students have the opportunity to write articles that can be published in Kiosk .
Students have the opportunity to write first-person essays in addition to short research papers.
Students have the opportunity to write, perform, direct, and design.
Students have the opportunity to write, produce, and direct their own radio and television programs.
Students have the opportunity, if they choose, to participate in student support groups.
Students have the opportunity, if they wish, to obtain a minor in Business as well.
Students have the option at that point to carry on in the news group or do the term paper.
Students have the option of a flexible or a hospital-sponsored internship.
Students have the option of a nonthesis or thesis track.
Students have the option of accepting all or part of the aid awarded.
Students have the option of accepting all or part of the assistance offered.
Students have the option of accepting or declining offers.
Students have the option of accepting or rejecting any portion of the financial aid package.
Students have the option of adding a seventh section of their choosing.
Students have the option of additional certification in general science.
Students have the option of an emphasis in food science or nutrition.
Students have the option of anonymous submission.
Students have the option of applying for a funded fellowship or an unfunded fellowship.
Students have the option of applying for additional financial aid if they so choose.
Students have the option of arranging independent studies on a variety of topics.
Students have the option of attending drive-in or extended orientations.
Students have the option of beginning ROTC classes as a no-commitment way of checking out the army.
Students have the option of being boarding or day students.
Students have the option of belt rank promotion.
Students have the option of both literary and non-literary translation.
Students have the option of bringing their money on the days they purchase lunch.
Students have the option of buying coupons for weekend meals.
Students have the option of changing their passwords after they login to the course.
Students have the option of charging fees for UHS services to their individual term bill account.
Students have the option of choosing a larger meal plan than required in each area.
Students have the option of choosing a partner or being assigned one.
Students have the option of choosing between two courses of study.
Students have the option of choosing economics as a minor field.
Students have the option of choosing four questions to work.
Students have the option of choosing from among four concentrations.
Students have the option of choosing one of nine different areas of concentration.
Students have the option of choosing one of ten different areas of concentration.
Students have the option of choosing the thesis or non-thesis degree options.
Students have the option of choosing to submit a term paper or take an essay comprehensive exam.
Students have the option of choosing which session they wish to attend.
Students have the option of collaborating in a serialized web-novel.
Students have the option of combining literature or culture courses with an internship.
Students have the option of completing a thesis or non-thesis plan.
Students have the option of completing the academic requirements for a business minor.
Students have the option of completing the certificate independently or as part of a degree program.
Students have the option of composing their own song and sharing it.
Students have the option of continuing to develop in a work environment, or can study e-commerce.
Students have the option of continuing to work beyond the formal internship period as needed.
Students have the option of continuing to work beyond the formal internship period, as needed.
Students have the option of coordinating their education with classes in other schools.
Students have the option of declining the fee.
Students have the option of directly contacting the appropriate law enforcement agency.
Students have the option of displaying the time lines in banner, compact, list, or table form.
Students have the option of doing a practicum to fulfill one of the electives.
Students have the option of doing either a systems analysis or a term paper for their final project.
Students have the option of doing fall and spring semester coursework online.
Students have the option of doing open water dives under the close scrutiny of the instructor.
Students have the option of doing reading and writing assignments in Spanish.
Students have the option of downloading and printing materials.
Students have the option of earning a diploma from their resident school district.
Students have the option of earning college credit while using the fitness center facilities.
Students have the option of earning up to five hours of credit while completing an internship.
Students have the option of either residing on campus or commuting to classes.
Students have the option of electing a minor method.
Students have the option of electing an additional science course in their senior year.
Students have the option of enrolling for a certificate exam after finishing the course.
Students have the option of enrolling in credit, credit-free, day, evening, and weekend courses.
Students have the option of enrolling in one course at the university.
Students have the option of exiting at the baccalaureate level.
Students have the option of exiting upon successful completion of each level.
Students have the option of expanding their focus by rostering additional courses in the sciences.
Students have the option of filing their appeal as an oral or written appeal.
Students have the option of finding their own housing.
Students have the option of following one of the explorers or the whole team.
Students have the option of graduating under requirements of subsequent catalogs.
Students have the option of having a copy of their grades sent to one or both of their parents.
Students have the option of having the copy held until grades are reported, then mailed.
Students have the option of homestay or dormitory housing in most locations.
Students have the option of improving their grades by reporting on additional reading.
Students have the option of including a minor.
Students have the option of including additional work that reflects their training in sociology.
Students have the option of including minors in Provisional Teacher Certification or Human Services.
Students have the option of living in a dormitory or with a family.
Students have the option of living in flats or in university halls.
Students have the option of living in halls of residence or local private rental accommodation.
Students have the option of living in singles, doubles, triples, and suites.
Students have the option of living in student dormitory or with a family.
Students have the option of living with a Chinese roommate.
Students have the option of living with a Danish family or in student residences.
Students have the option of living with a family or a university hall or residence.
Students have the option of living with a family or in a dormitory.
Students have the option of living with a family or in a university hall of residence.
Students have the option of living with a Russian family or in a private apartment.
Students have the option of living with a Swedish family or in a university dorm.
Students have the option of making one of their short works into a short film script.
Students have the option of making their final paper a critical piece.
Students have the option of making their own housing arrangements.
Students have the option of naming the interdisciplinary major.
Students have the option of obtaining their own housing facilities at the student s own expense.
Students have the option of participating in an optional two-week work experience.
Students have the option of participating in any or all of the blocks.
Students have the option of participating in one or two three-day trips for an extremely low price.
Students have the option of participating in the development and evaluation of educational software.
Students have the option of paying annually, per semester or in three installments.
Students have the option of paying by the day.
Students have the option of performance, exhibition or anthology formats for their final projects.
Students have the option of permanently entering their own genotypes into the database.
Students have the option of personally delivering their letters to faculty.
Students have the option of playing a solo of their choice.
Students have the option of practicing with one hand while the software plays the other.
Students have the option of preparing paperwork to have checks mailed, if preferred.
Students have the option of presenting a poster summary or a short oral presentation .
Students have the option of presenting their research in poster format.
Students have the option of printing out activities from the course as well.
Students have the option of providing their parents with access to their online information.
Students have the option of purchasing a meal ticket for the cafeterias.
Students have the option of purchasing coverage for spouses and children as well.
Students have the option of purchasing coverage for spouses and children.
Students have the option of pursuing a dual major in special education and elementary education.
Students have the option of pursuing certificate or associate degree options.
Students have the option of pursuing either a certificate or an associate degree.
Students have the option of pursuing either a philosophy track or a linguistics track.
Students have the option of pursuing either an informal complaint or a formal grievance.
Students have the option of pursuing the certificate or taking individual classes.
Students have the option of reading Spanish texts either in the original or in English.
Students have the option of receiving college credit.
Students have the option of receiving counseling services throughout the school year, if needed.
Students have the option of receiving instruction in instrumental music.
Students have the option of receiving letter grades in upper-level RC courses.
Students have the option of removing all or parts of their entry from the directory.
Students have the option of requesting recommendations from additional faculty members.
Students have the option of restricting access to only the campus.
Students have the option of revising their lab reports.
Students have the option of revising their programs in accordance with a later catalog.
Students have the option of revising their programs in accordance with a later catalogue.
Students have the option of selecting courses appropriate to career goals.
Students have the option of sharing a large one-bedroom apartment.
Students have the option of signing up for the course under one of the two department headings.
Students have the option of skipping one of the hourly exams or the paper.
Students have the option of specializing in a particular resource area such as water.
Students have the option of specializing in one of the three subfields.
Students have the option of staying in their own rooms, the room of a friend or in a social room.
Students have the option of staying with a family or in a university residence hall.
Students have the option of studying at any of the three locations mentioned. .
Students have the option of studying during the regular academic year or during the summer session.
Students have the option of studying some literary texts in the original and some in translation.
Students have the option of submitting theses electronically.
Students have the option of supplying a stamped, self-addressed reply postcard for each address.
Students have the option of tailoring a section of the exam to their particular research interests.
Students have the option of taking a course at a fast pace.
Students have the option of taking a course one level lower.
Students have the option of taking a management component in conjunction with the subdiscipline.
Students have the option of taking courses at any of our center locations.
Students have the option of taking courses for certificate credit.
Students have the option of taking either, or both, of two half course units.
Students have the option of taking more than one practicum experience.
Students have the option of taking paralegal courses for college credit or as noncredit courses.
Students have the option of taking Private Lessons on a non-credit basis.
Students have the option of taking the exam at our testing center.
Students have the option of taking the general test by computer or with paper and pencil.
Students have the option of taking their clinical training in either the U.S. or in Israel.
Students have the option of taking their exams online.
Students have the option of taking two of the three courses to fulfill requirements.
Students have the option of testing out of Projects.
Students have the option of undertaking a year gaining Professional Experience in industry.
Students have the option of up-front or deferred payments.
Students have the option of using a privacy drape which covers from the abdomen to the floor.
Students have the option of using other software packages for their programming assignments.
Students have the option of using the workbooks with a calculator to develop technological skills.
Students have the option of viewing key events, heroes, and reviewing major battles.
Students have the option of voluntarily selecting a split program.
Students have the option of wearing solid navy blue, plain, tailored shorts.
Students have the option of working in lieu of making cash payments for fines.
Students have the option of working locally or internationally.
Students have the option of working on campus or off campus.
Students have the option of working on easels, drawing horses, tables, counters and walls.
Students have the option of working on the paper by themselves or with at most one other person.
Students have the option of working on their own projects or on projects initiated by the faculty.
Students have the option of writing a diary, creating a cartoon, or making a children's book.
Students have the option of writing a research paper, research review, or research proposal.
Students have the option of writing a term paper.
Students have the option of writing examinations in either Italian or English.
Students have the option of writing papers to take the place of attending observing sessions.
Students have the option to add to their point balance at any time.
Students have the option to attend full time or part time.
Students have the option to attend such classes.
Students have the option to be called in for emergencies and assist in cardiac catheterization.
Students have the option to change to a new team at any time, given permission from the instructor.
Students have the option to choose the plan that best suits their individual preference.
Students have the option to combine courses and include independent study in their curriculum.
Students have the option to come to scheduled classes at any time for further assistance.
Students have the option to complete a second project in lieu of the final.
Students have the option to complete either a mentorship or a thesis.
Students have the option to concentrate in either print or electronic journalism .
Students have the option to concentrate in either print or electronic journalism.
Students have the option to concentrate in either print or television broadcast journalism .
Students have the option to concentrate in humanities or the social sciences.
Students have the option to concentrate on enterprise development or web development technologies.
Students have the option to declare at the end of the first year.
Students have the option to delay their return in order to travel independently.
Students have the option to do an Internship.
Students have the option to earn six of the thirty credits by writing a master's thesis.
Students have the option to either go abroad in the fall or in the spring semester.
Students have the option to email the results to their instructor or print out their work.
Students have the option to emphasize either research and development or manufacturing areas.
Students have the option to enter the program in the fall, spring or summer for added flexibility.
Students have the option to explore other American Indian nations if desired.
Students have the option to focus on child and adolescent therapy or psychiatric rehabilitation.
Students have the option to focus their academic work around a theme.
Students have the option to go slower by taking fewer courses per term.
Students have the option to incorporate hands-on experiences.
Students have the option to interview with multiple prospective employers.
Students have the option to participate in a cooperative education program.
Students have the option to participate in a variety of dining facilities available on campus.
Students have the option to participate in the summer or during the academic year.
Students have the option to pay the difference for a private room.
Students have the option to pay the interest while in school and grace period.
Students have the option to pay the interest while in school.
Students have the option to petition for deviations from curricular requirements.
Students have the option to play in the blacktop area or on the grassy field.
Students have the option to print all material for the class.
Students have the option to purchase a monthly bus pass.
Students have the option to purchase their computer system from a vendor of their choosing.
Students have the option to pursue a self-designed track, pending approval by the faculty.
Students have the option to pursue higher level courses.
Students have the option to remain in their dorm rooms.
Students have the option to request courses on particular subjects that require more in-depth study.
Students have the option to run with a campus party or run as an independent candidate.
Students have the option to select another advisor at a later date.
Students have the option to select the final project which best serves their professional needs.
Students have the option to sign the statement when they register for classes.
Students have the option to spend their third year on placement in industry.
Students have the option to study either or both arts.
Students have the option to study for a summer, semester, or year.
Students have the option to submit a dissertation in lieu of two elective courses.
Students have the option to suppress a portion of their directory information.
Students have the option to take a full complement of classes on a part-time college schedule.
Students have the option to take additional electives according to their interests.
Students have the option to take part in any action. .
Students have the option to take the assignments at anytime while studying online.
Students have the option to undertake a thesis.
Students have the option to write a paper or a take-home examination.
Students have the options of taking classes at either or both schools.
Students have the perception that everyone is going through the same situations.
Students have the personal obligation to follow through on the academic prescription provided.
Students have the primary responsibility for learning.
Students have the primary responsibility to support themselves during training.
Students have the privilege of access to the apartments during official holidays or semester break.
Students have the privilege of living with families and participating in the daily routines of life.
Students have the privilege to enroll in certain courses through independent study.
Students have the remainder of the block day to begin research.
Students have the responsibility for acting in a manner which preserves the dignity of the occasion.
Students have the responsibility for delivering papers and other reports to their parents.
Students have the responsibility for ensuring that they have met all graduation requirements.
Students have the responsibility for getting assignments in on time.
Students have the responsibility for planning and pursuing their own academic programs.
Students have the responsibility for respecting the religious beliefs of others.
Students have the responsibility for securing the prior consent of any faculty member recommended.
Students have the responsibility for sharing in and contributing to the learning process.
Students have the responsibility for the contents of their locker.
Students have the responsibility of arranging an Externship with an attorney.
Students have the responsibility of being punctual for classes.
Students have the responsibility of keeping up with due dates.
Students have the responsibility of learning right from wrong, good from bad and respect for others.
Students have the responsibility of making decisions.
Students have the responsibility of reading the chapters before they are discussed in class.
Students have the responsibility of removing locks and contents at the conclusion of the clerkship.
Students have the responsibility To adhere to rules and regulations.
Students have the responsibility to ask how much is left in their accounts.
Students have the responsibility to attend all classes regularly and on time.
Students have the responsibility to attend class and know their appropriate academic requirements.
Students have the responsibility to attend class and know their appropriate class requirements.
Students have the responsibility to attend each of their classes everyday.
Students have the responsibility to be sure that courses fulfill the requirements of their programs.
Students have the responsibility to be sure that the criteria are understood.
Students have the responsibility to consult with the instructor when an absence occurs.
Students have the responsibility to contact their sites of interest.
Students have the responsibility to dress appropriately for seasonal conditions.
Students have the responsibility to encourage and support an atmosphere of academic honesty.
Students have the responsibility to engage interactively in the academic advising process.
Students have the responsibility to explore and test new ideas.
Students have the responsibility to follow the prerequisite or corequisite challenge process.
Students have the responsibility to get information on how they're being used and misused.
Students have the responsibility to help keep the bus clean.
Students have the responsibility to keep themselves, their clothes, and their hair clean.
Students have the responsibility to know and understand the rules of the classroom and the school.
Students have the responsibility to know their current academic status.
Students have the responsibility to listen carefully to others when they speak.
Students have the responsibility to participate actively in the student government process.
Students have the responsibility to play safely and fairly.
Students have the responsibility to play safely, act responsibly and obey safety rules.
Students have the responsibility to protect school property assigned for their use.
Students have the responsibility to provide for their educational costs.
Students have the responsibility to put forth a conscious effort in trying to succeed.
Students have the responsibility to rely on their knowledge and resources in the evaluation process.
Students have the responsibility to report any policy violations of other students or staff members.
Students have the responsibility to report any threatening situations and objects.
Students have the responsibility to secure school and personal belongings to avoid theft.
Students have the responsibility to use computer resources for academic purposes only.
Students have the responsibility to work at learning course content to their full ability.
Students have the responsibility, as determined by their parents, for personal spending needs.
Students have the right and responsibility to learn to their full potential.
Students have the right of access to their files.
Students have the right of access to their personal educational records.
Students have the right of appeal against the refusing of a class certificate.
Students have the right of due process if they wish to contest an action.
Students have the right of equal access to any extracurricular activity.
Students have the right of freedom of speech and assembly.
Students have the right to a hearing to challenge the content of their educational records.
Students have the right to a learning environment free from illegal drugs and alcohol.
Students have the right to a safe and healthy learning environment.
Students have the right to a well-defined process of academic evaluation.
Students have the right to access their academic and institutional records.
Students have the right to access their records according to the following procedure.
Students have the right to allege unlawful discrimination.
Students have the right to an anonymous auditon.
Students have the right to an education that includes the development of their physical selves.
Students have the right to an education.
Students have the right to an opportunity to make up work and exams missed during suspension.
Students have the right to appeal a course grade.
Students have the right to appeal a financial aid decision to the director of financial aid.
Students have the right to appeal admission, registration, waiver, refund, and graduation decisions.
Students have the right to appeal aid decisions.
Students have the right to appeal all disciplinary actions taken.
Students have the right to appeal an academic dishonesty charge as outlined in the procedures below.
Students have the right to appeal an academic dishonesty charge.
Students have the right to appeal any academic standings decision.
Students have the right to appeal any disciplinary action through the general appeals procedure.
Students have the right to appeal any grade they receive for course work.
Students have the right to appeal any restrictions or access privileges.
Students have the right to appeal credit evaluations.
Students have the right to appeal decisions of the faculty committees.
Students have the right to appeal dismissal.
Students have the right to appeal if special circumstances such as a severe illness exist.
Students have the right to appeal if their petition is denied.
Students have the right to appeal in writing upon suspension of eligibility.
Students have the right to appeal such a grade penalty by an instructor.
Students have the right to appeal such decisions through the university's due process procedures.
Students have the right to appeal the committee s decision.
Students have the right to appeal their academic drop with their academic advisor.
Students have the right to appeal their final course grade.
Students have the right to appeal their grades through the campus-specific grade appeals processes.
Students have the right to appeal their residency classification.
Students have the right to appeal unfavorable decisions.
Students have the right to ask questions about the school.
Students have the right to ask their supervisors for academic advice at all times.
Students have the right to assemble peacefully on school grounds or in school buildings.
Students have the right to be free from abuse, personal force and violence or threats of violence.
Students have the right to be free from discriminatory actions, including sexual harassment.
Students have the right to be free from sexual harassment.
Students have the right to be free of illegal search and seizures in their on-campus domicile.
Students have the right to be heard and to have their opinions considered seriously.
Students have the right to be heard in matters that affect their rights and responsibilities.
Students have the right to be in a school with a drug free environment.
Students have the right to be informed of the conditions under which they use school transportation.
Students have the right to be intellectually challenged each day.
Students have the right to be notified of class cancellations as soon as possible.
Students have the right to be provided upon request an explanation of the grounds for assessment.
Students have the right to be taught in an understandable manner.
Students have the right to be tested fairly.
Students have the right to be treated with courtesy and respect.
Students have the right to be treated with kindness and respect.
Students have the right to be treated with respect and dignity.
Students have the right to be treated with respect and fairness and as individual persons.
Students have the right to be treated with respect and fairness.
Students have the right to belong or refuse to belong to any organization of their choice.
Students have the right to block disclosure of their directory information.
Students have the right to bring complaints to the attention of the university.
Students have the right to cancel all or a portion of a loan or a disbursement of a loan.
Students have the right to cast their ballot in complete privacy.
Students have the right to challenge inaccurate or misleading material in their records.
Students have the right to change advisors.
Students have the right to choose programmes and specializations.
Students have the right to choose the extracurricular activities in which they wish to be involved.
Students have the right to choose their advisor and to change their advisor at any time.
Students have the right to choose their meal plan.
Students have the right to choose their own academic process.
Students have the right to choose their own course of treatment.
Students have the right to choose their supervisor freely.
Students have the right to chose how to spend their time.
Students have the right to come to school and feel safe.
Students have the right to decline to participate in any study, or to withdraw at any time.
Students have the right to defend themselves and offer evidence in their defense.
Students have the right to discuss their grades and other forms of evaluation with faculty.
Students have the right to discuss their grades with faculty.
Students have the right to due process.
Students have the right to educational opportunity in a challenging and supportive environment.
Students have the right to engage in the free and peaceful expression of ideas.
Students have the right to equitable treatment of their financial assistance applications.
Students have the right to evaluate classroom instruction.
Students have the right to examine their own education records upon request.
Students have the right to exercise their individual rights as citizens.
Students have the right to expect certain services and courtesies from the teacher.
Students have the right to expect faculty to be prepared and organized.
Students have the right to expect faculty to hold scheduled office hours.
Students have the right to expect safe conditions both at school and at bus stops.
Students have the right to expect school personnel to be qualified in providing that education.
Students have the right to express their religious beliefs through the clothing that they wear.
Students have the right to face the consequences of their own actions.
Students have the right to feel physically and emotionally safe from any harm.
Students have the right to feel safe and secure when attending school.
Students have the right to feel safe on college campuses.
Students have the right to feel safe, physically and emotionally, without fear of ridicule.
Students have the right to file an appeal as outlined in the Student Handbook.
Students have the right to file grievances if they believe they have been unfairly evaluated.
Students have the right to form student unions to protect their rights.
Students have the right to freedom from harassment, hazing, and any form of illegal discrimination.
Students have the right to freedom from unlawful personal search and seizure.
Students have the right to have access to the faculty during their office hours.
Students have the right to have adequate warning of any proposed program changes.
Students have the right to have classes start and end on time.
Students have the right To have free access to their living accommodations.
Students have the right to have input in where their Activity fee money is spent.
Students have the right to have some control over the disclosure of information from the records.
Students have the right to have their academic records kept confidential subject to existing law.
Students have the right to have their grades viewed as confidential.
Students have the right to have their opinions heard.
Students have the right to have their property respected by other students and school personnel.
Students have the right to have their work returned and to review their grades.
Students have the right to hold offers as described above if a preferable offer is still possible.
Students have the right to inspect and review all documents contained in their academic records.
Students have the right to inspect and review information contained in their educational records.
Students have the right to inspect and review the content of their records.
Students have the right to inspect and review their education records.
Students have the right to inspect and review their educational records.
Students have the right to inspect and review their records kept by any office of the college.
Students have the right to inspect the contents of their campus files and records.
Students have the right to inspect the record of disclosure.
Students have the right to inspect their education records, with certain exceptions.
Students have the right to inspect their education records.
Students have the right to inspect their educational records and correct such records if warranted.
Students have the right to inspect their educational records, with certain exceptions.
Students have the right to inspect their educational records.
Students have the right to inspect their own individually identifiable educational records.
Students have the right to inspect their own official records.
Students have the right to inspect their own records.
Students have the right to intellectual freedom and to be treated with respect at all times.
Students have the right to introduce information in their own defense.
Students have the right to issue a formal complaint about inadequate teaching.
Students have the right to join associations and are free to promote their common interests.
Students have the right to keep their disability confidential.
Students have the right to know faculty expectations in each course.
Students have the right to know grading criteria and to know graduation dates.
Students have the right to know if the grade appeals procedure is changed and how it is changed.
Students have the right to know statistics concerning crime on and around campus.
Students have the right to know the average and distribution on a test.
Students have the right to know the correct answers and grading scale used to mark the test.
Students have the right to know where they stand at all times.
Students have the right to learn how to live and participate in their community.
Students have the right to learn in a safe environment.
Students have the right to learn without interference from other students.
Students have the right to limit disclosure of directory information.
Students have the right to make their own decisions.
Students have the right to miss class for religious observances.
Students have the right to observe major, required religious holidays.
Students have the right to observe religious holidays without penalty.
Students have the right to obtain a copy of the audio record of their hearing.
Students have the right to obtain copies of their educational records at cost.
Students have the right to obtain such information.
Students have the right to organize politically and put a student on the board.
Students have the right to participate in governance.
Students have the right to personal privacy, protection against improper disclosure.
Students have the right to petition either the faculty or the council for a town meeting.
Students have the right to petition in an orderly manner for the redress of grievances.
Students have the right to petition.
Students have the right to physical safety and protection of personal property.
Students have the right to place blocks on their directory information.
Students have the right to pray individually.
Students have the right to publish and freely communicate their research progress and findings.
Students have the right to publish their work.
Students have the right to publish written material, and to distribute it without prior approval.
Students have the right to pursue their education under competent instruction.
Students have the right to question the absence of such a code.
Students have the right to question the material reviewed and receive an explanation of material.
Students have the right to read their official files.
Students have the right to receive an academic grade that reflects their achievement.
Students have the right to receive more than merely a grade or a sentence or two of commentary.
Students have the right to redress through a grievance procedure.
Students have the right to refrain from any activity which violates the precepts of their religion.
Students have the right to refuse to pay the fee for religious political.
Students have the right to regular academic advisement.
Students have the right to remain silent if they so desire.
Students have the right to request a change of counselor.
Students have the right to request and receive a reasonable degree of quiet at all times.
Students have the right to request and receive timely review of their grades by the instructor.
Students have the right to request the amendment of an educational record.
Students have the right to request the privilege of looking at their files.
Students have the right to resolve conflicts peacefully.
Students have the right to respect for their property.
Students have the right to review and inspect their student records.
Students have the right to review only their own records.
Students have the right to review the contents of their files.
Students have the right to review their educational records.
Students have the right to review their records at any time.
Students have the right to review their references unless they have waived that right in writing.
Students have the right to safe buildings and sanitary facilities.
Students have the right to select a different committee for supervision of their dissertations.
Students have the right to sleep and study in their rooms twenty-four hours a day.
Students have the right to take official leave of absence.
Students have the right to take reasoned exception to the data or views offered in any course study.
Students have the right to the best possible instruction with freedom from classroom disruptions.
Students have the right to their own ideas, beliefs and political associations.
Students have the right to transfer from one place to another and are encouraged to do so.
Students have the right to unproctored exams.
Students have the right to use authorized locks on school-owned lockers.
Students have the right to use the installed version of the software in perpetuity.
Students have the right to verbally express their feelings or through buttons or armbands.
Students have the right to view any official record that exists in their files in the college.
Students have the right to view permanent files once they enroll.
Students have the right to voice their opinions in the development of their curriculum.
Students have the right to withhold directory information from the public.
Students have the right to withhold their identification photograph from any class list webpage.
Students have the rights to know what happens in the fast-changing world.
Students have the same advisor for the full four years.
Students have the same benefits of active members except the right to hold office and vote.
Students have the same core requirements as clinical practice students.
Students have the same needs regardless of the forum.
Students have the same opportunity to perform tests like professional hydrologists.
Students have the same percentage of errors as with generic signing.
Students have the same problem.
Students have the same responsibilities and receive the same benefits as individual members.
Students have the same rights, privileges and obligations as classroom students.
Students have the same rights, privileges, and obligations as an on-campus student.
Students have the same rights, under U.S. patent law, as anyone.
Students have the same teacher year after year.
Students have the same teachers over the course of their high school career.
Students have the skills to use a scanner.
Students have the sole responsibility of making up work missed when absent.
Students have the stress of finals.
Students have the ultimate responsibility for their academic success or failure.
Students have the unique opportunity for substantial professional preparation.
Students have the unique opportunity to reconnect with the earth.
Students have the use of a hall for their social activities.
Students have the use of a tennis court, track, playground equipment, picnic area, and gardens.
Students have the use of the building.
Students have the usual background in micro and macroeconomics, maths and statistics.
Students have the week to complete the exam.
Students have their choice of discos and other entertainment.
Students have their choice of either living on-campus or off.
Students have their choice of several different grading methods for some courses.
Students have their chosen topic area approved and supervised by the course instructor.
Students have their class in a music room during their free time.
Students have their own bedroom and bathroom.
Students have their own bedroom and share other facilities.
Students have their own bedroom, and share a bathroom with the family.
Students have their own bedroom, bed, dresser, and linens.
Students have their own bedroom, but bathroom facilities are usually shared.
Students have their own bench and work spaces.
Students have their own best moments.
Students have their own club which combines professional and social activities.
Students have their own desk and networked computer connection in a secure setting.
Students have their own desks, telephones and voice mail.
Students have their own digital media lab located in the design studio.
Students have their own e-mail address and full internet access.
Students have their own furnished room and share a bath and kitchen.
Students have their own housing.
Students have their own ideas about the trend.
Students have their own ideas in regards to writing topics.
Students have their own kitchen and recreational center, with telephone and E-mail facilities.
Students have their own mail server, and can apply at the same location.
Students have their own nine-digit zip code, as do the controllers office, admissions and registrar.
Students have their own office space and access to computers.
Students have their own office with shared support staff.
Students have their own PC during class.
Students have their own private folders on the network.
Students have their own reasons for wanting to hit the road for a few days.
Students have their own resources, as well.
Students have their own room with three meals each day.
Students have their own room, but share meals with their hosts.
Students have their own room.
Students have their own rooms and sometimes a private bathroom also.
Students have their own spending money.
Students have their own stories to tell.
Students have their own strategies to combat insomnia.
Students have their pick.
Students have their pictures taken with the statue.
Students have their projects evaluated by professional technical communicators.
Students have their trust violated by faculty and are effectively dismissed for health reasons.
Students have thirty days to submit corrections or changes to their petition.
Students have three cards each.
Students have three chances to complete the assessment successfully.
Students have three chances to jump their frogs.
Students have three chances to pass it.
Students have three days from the date of the last absence to acquire and turn in any missed work.
Students have three different subjects each day.
Students have three enrollment options , and it is simple to register online .
Students have three enrollment options, and it is simple to register.
Students have three flasks, each with a thermometer inserted through a hole in the stopper.
Students have three hours to complete their responses to three questions in the examination.
Students have three housing options.
Students have three meals a day with their host.
Students have three opportunities to do so.
Students have three options for submitting their test.
Students have three options when citing sources of information.
Students have three printers ranging in paper sizes to print their reports, projects and research.
Students have three program options as well as chosing which math skill to work on.
Students have three project options.
Students have three to five minutes to come up with something, and a minute or two to perform.
Students have three to four classes each week.
Students have three unexcused absences.
Students have three weeks to complete the assigned project.
Students have three weeks to complete the paper once the topic has been assigned.
Students have three years in which to complete the degree.
Students have three years to complete all degree requirements.
Students have three years to finish work for the degree.
Students have through the second week of classes to make changes to their meal plans.
Students have time for free play, special activities, and supervised homework.
Students have time to conduct experiments weekly.
Students have time to decide whether to pursue further graduate or professional study.
Students have time to get comfortable with the topic and begin the role play.
Students have time to mature before they hit the world.
Students have time to search for, circle, and correct the errors.
Students have time to talk and exchange their personal histories.
Students have time.
Students have to achieve a certain level of expertise to receive a certificate of completion.
Students have to actually work the hours to earn the award.
Students have to analyse and to explain obtained results.
Students have to analyze and think critically about regional and international issues.
Students have to answer customer questions, take phone calls and handle money.
Students have to answer questions based on the above six categories.
Students have to apply and be accepted into the program.
Students have to apply and be judged on five different areas to be accepted into the program.
Students have to apply for the language courses three months in advance.
Students have to apply on an annual basis for the following year.
Students have to apply personally.
Students have to apply their studies to the real world.
Students have to arrange their own journeys.
Students have to ask two questions.
Students have to attend courses at least at three different universities.
Students have to attend high school away from their village.
Students have to attend school somewhere.
Students have to be able to be effective communicators.
Students have to be able to demonstrate the use of light source movement and object movement.
Students have to be able to use science and know what it means in terms of their world.
Students have to be able to write articulate and coherent essays.
Students have to be actively involved in a dynamic exchange.
Students have to be actively involved in thinking and doing during the teaching process.
Students have to be admitted to the program before they can take any radiology course listed below.
Students have to be at least in their third year of study.
Students have to be dependable and responsible.
Students have to be divided into three different shifts.
Students have to be encouraged and introduced to new genres to expand their exposure to literature.
Students have to be encouraged to voice their misgivings and opposition.
Students have to be energized.
Students have to be financially disadvantaged.
Students have to be forced to use the network.
Students have to be given an opportunity to apply facts to problems, to arguments, to theories.
Students have to be held accountable for their behavior.
Students have to be in school to benefit from programs funded by the state and local taxpayers.
Students have to be in shape to handle the field trip.
Students have to be informed in order to protect themselves.
Students have to be interviewed, too.
Students have to be officially registered before the experience starts.
Students have to be prepared to be lifelong learners.
Students have to be put into a learning environment that supports their individuality.
Students have to be ready for late decision in order to take advantage of the process.
Students have to be responsible.
Students have to be self-motivated, spend time reading the text, and working on problems.
Students have to be taught about everything.
Students have to be taught in a variety of methods to ensure that each student's needs are met.
Students have to be tested.
Students have to be their own best public relations person.
Students have to be willing to call police as soon as something happens.
Students have to be willing to do the hard work necessary to meet the standards.
Students have to be willing to let themselves go and revel in being free.
Students have to bring their own towels.
Students have to build a framework.
Students have to buy their own books.
Students have to buy their own groceries and do their own cooking.
Students have to choose an area of specialization and have to write a thesis.
Students have to choose lectures of six hours.
Students have to choose one of the three options and then explain their choice in a text area box.
Students have to choose three out of the four topics offered.
Students have to choose what to accept and what to reject.
Students have to combine learned skills with ingenuity.
Students have to compare what they learned about the spctrum to the stars.
Students have to complete a dissertation in their final year on a subject within the degree.
Students have to complete all core units.
Students have to complete an essay based on the above or other anthologies from the same period.
Students have to complete both the primary school program and the junior middle-school program.
Students have to complete courses on at least two Continents for their degrees.
Students have to complete the prerequisites before their junior year.
Students have to concentrate when working on the computer.
Students have to confront the realities of working with actual data and trying to make sense of it.
Students have to consider the science goals, the technical aspects, and cost constraints.
Students have to consult with the professor before thier presentations.
Students have to cook their own meals but can eat anytime, unlike dormitory or homestay housing.
Students have to crab walk through the cave, while avoiding the bats.
Students have to deal with being away from home, meeting new people, and taking college classes.
Students have to deal with complicated issues in all their real-life messiness.
Students have to decide if a word is a noun or a verb.
Students have to decide they want to be challenged and they're here to be challenged.
Students have to design a stream intake or a dam.
Students have to design their own experiments to investigate the problem being explored.
Students have to discuss with their co-ordinator what is the best moment to go abroad.
Students have to do at least one project on a topic of their choice in their final year.
Students have to do both an oral and a written presentation to pitch their campaigns.
Students have to do most of the talking if they are going to learn to speak well.
Students have to do new things every time they get to class.
Students have to do research and become knowledgeable about acid rain before the meeting.
Students have to do something . . . to help improve their retention rates.
Students have to do the research on the person, time-period, culture, etc.
Students have to do the work that's designed by teachers.
Students have to do their part.
Students have to draw a couple of pictures tp illustrate.
Students have to drill out the finished boards themselves and provide their own drill bits to do so.
Students have to eat.
Students have to empower themselves and be willing to take the lead.
Students have to enter their ID number.
Students have to experience it for themselves and learn to get over it.
Students have to experience strolling before they understand how much fun it can be.
Students have to explain their knowledge using drawings and schemes.
Students have to express their own impressions, thoughts and critics about the film.
Students have to feel that way to learn.
Students have to feel they are needed.
Students have to fight for their entitlements.
Students have to figure out how to get around each other.
Students have to fill in the correct verbs in their context.
Students have to fill it out and give it to the librarian.
Students have to fill out a form explaining what they're studying and what they hope to find.
Students have to fill that gap between school and the working world.
Students have to fill the Pre-admission forms.
Students have to find an idea for an experiment and then perform it by themselves.
Students have to find other ways of obtaining credit hours.
Students have to find some of the information themselves.
Students have to find the area of figures created on the board.
Students have to find the job.
Students have to find their own answers.
Students have to find which one is the distractor and explain why.
Students have to first learn to use e-mail.
Students have to focus on a few things that are subject to change or modification.
Students have to forfeit beneficial materials because of someone else's idea of art.
Students have to fund groups that they are in support of and some that have conflicting interests.
Students have to fundraise and find more recruits.
Students have to gather knowledge.
Students have to get an actual feel for the plane.
Students have to get engaged.
Students have to get in amongst the words and put the big ideas on the back burner.
Students have to give the correct organelle needed.
Students have to give themselves a break.
Students have to go after the startups.
Students have to go beyond the basics.
Students have to go downstairs for water.
Students have to go through a selection process to be accepted as a potential student intern.
Students have to go through the cafeteria serving line to turn in their entries.
Students have to grapple with a number of research issues.
Students have to grow intellectually and personally.
Students have to guess where the money is by using prepositions of location.
Students have to guess who that person is.
Students have to have a good command of English, both written and spoken.
Students have to have a lot of self-discipline and manage their time, as well as be strong writers.
Students have to have a photo of their organism and their setup.
Students have to have been taught basics about the proper overhand throw and catching.
Students have to have some teaching experience to get into the latter program.
Students have to have teacher certification in order to get certified for special education.
Students have to have the same rights as professional journalists.
Students have to identify chord symbols and also enter a chord from a given chord symbol.
Students have to identify which buttons have which attributes.
Students have to indicate on their application forms which specialisation they intend to follow.
Students have to juggle more activities with less time to develop their passion for design.
Students have to justify their answer.
Students have to justify their method for obtaining right-angles.
Students have to justify why they want to do an individual studies program.
Students have to know about the data structure, language compiler and function libraries.
Students have to know how to use the computer in and out of the classroom.
Students have to know how to write, how to complete mathematical functions, how to think critically.
Students have to know the geographical boundaries of our school.
Students have to know who they are so they can produce good art.
Students have to learn basic concepts in physics by applying the scientific method.
Students have to learn from each other.
Students have to learn how to become self-sufficient and discover some things on their own.
Students have to learn how to do, wheel throwing for example.
Students have to learn in different ways.
Students have to learn new concepts and a new vocabulary quickly.
Students have to learn research methods and time management.
Students have to learn to anticipate issues and problems.
Students have to learn to apply facts if they are to be remembered.
Students have to learn to be responsible members of the community to succeed.
Students have to learn to be very creative with their financing.
Students have to learn to get used to it.
Students have to learn to keep track of assignments for each class.
Students have to learn to live and work in a variety of environments, with all kinds of people.
Students have to learn to look at the problem as lawyers.
Students have to learn to operate in a problem-centered environment and search for solutions.
Students have to learn to treat patients independently.
Students have to let the environment affect the way the scene is presented.
Students have to listen to the tape which accompanies each lesson.
Students have to live with the labels no matter what and how they perform.
Students have to log in to use either system.
Students have to look and search carefully to find all the answers to the puzzle.
Students have to look for their own accommodation in the vicinity.
Students have to look to where they can go where they can learn the most.
Students have to maintain a good school record in academics and behavior to remain in the club.
Students have to make decisions for the next phase in their lives.
Students have to make presentations in front of the entire class.
Students have to make their own experiences in intercultural settings.
Students have to make true connections in order to truly learn.
Students have to master basic operations before attempting complicated problems.
Students have to master knowledge of science facts, concepts, processes, skills, and applications.
Students have to match the characters' pictures with their names.
Students have to match the examples to the names and definitions.
Students have to meet the admission requirements of both schools.
Students have to meet the pre-requisites for any course they wish to take.
Students have to meet their own therapy fees.
Students have to name the homophone and spell it as it is used in the sentence.
Students have to organize a timeline of events.
Students have to park in parking lot behind the building.
Students have to participate to the instructor's satisfaction to be considered for assessment.
Students have to pass a quiz before continuing to the next page.
Students have to pass all the exams to be able to continue study in next year.
Students have to pass all three parts of the exam in order to graduate.
Students have to pass an exam to enter university in Croatia, and the competition is stiff.
Students have to pass many examinations in order to get into schools.
Students have to pass the assessment for each unit with a certain score.
Students have to pass the constitution test to graduate.
Students have to pay an enrollment fee of approx.
Students have to pay for their books and other materials, their accommodation and living expenses.
Students have to pay for their books.
Students have to pay for their exams, maybe a cordoba.
Students have to pay their own expenses.
Students have to pay their own way overseas.
Students have to payment options.
Students have to perform various tests on the plant to decide what the plant's problem is.
Students have to place numbers on a ladder in order of increasing size.
Students have to plan, organize, research and present information in paper and video format.
Students have to prepare factums for the competitions which summarize their legal positions.
Students have to present their student-ID at the registration desk on site.
Students have to produce measurable skills at every rung of the educational ladder.
Students have to produce user cases and a user manual by week two.
Students have to prove that they heard and understood what was taught.
Students have to prove to the authorities that they have a regular income to satisfy their needs.
Students have to provide bed linens, bath towels, dishes, silverware and cooking utensils.
Students have to provide their own bed linen, towels, cutlery, crockery, pots and pans.
Students have to provide their own sheets, towels, crockery and cutlery.
Students have to provide their own transportation, though.
Students have to purchase a disk.
Students have to qualify for admission on an entrance exam.
Students have to rank their residency programs.
Students have to read intensively and write with clarity.
Students have to read it and work out which one fits the tune best.
Students have to read on their own.
Students have to read some, draw some, and then look at several weather maps and interpret some.
Students have to read the articles and write summaries.
Students have to read the documents carefully before taking classes here.
Students have to really be willing to take that step.
Students have to reapply each semester.
Students have to reapply every year for the next year's aid award.
Students have to remember the facts only long enough to pass the next exam.
Students have to re-read each piece of writing, along with their teacher's comments.
Students have to research a school in Kenya on the net and compare it to their school.
Students have to resort to off campus printing and it can become very expensive.
Students have to respond to art, while learning about various artists and art forms.
Students have to respond to situation of increased responsibility.
Students have to rise to some level beyond mediocrity.
Students have to rock the boat, though, if they want it.
Students have to seek other coverage at a higher rate, or go without coverage.
Students have to select a pair of tiles with matching x values.
Students have to sell themselves more, and employers are more selective.
Students have to set aside five minutes to fill out a ballot.
Students have to shake hands after each game and display good sportsmanship.
Students have to share, talk, debate and relate to one another.
Students have to shoulder more responsibility than they do.
Students have to show a basic writing competency.
Students have to show how they arrived at their decisions, and they have to take tests.
Students have to show up.
Students have to spend extra time preparing for the test.
Students have to start beating the odds.
Students have to start repaying loans six months after they graduate or quit school.
Students have to study Spanish, French, or German, however, if their parents demand it.
Students have to submit a dissertation at the end of the course.
Students have to submit a dissertation following completion of the taught modules.
Students have to submit both.
Students have to submit complete papers at the same time abstracts are due.
Students have to submit essay and enroll in the program.
Students have to submit the lab quiz before they perform the lab.
Students have to subscribe to the list.
Students have to summarize the video that they just viewed to their colleagues, extemporaneously.
Students have to take and pass various English courses before they can graduate.
Students have to take care of holds before they can register.
Students have to take courses in all areas to graduate.
Students have to take exams on at least six subjects.
Students have to take responsibility on what they have just prepared.
Students have to take some initiative and understand how important education is.
Students have to take some responsibility for their safety.
Students have to take the state tests.
Students have to test their skill in finding information on the Internet.
Students have to think of a phrase from the text .
Students have to think of words beginning with vowels, consonants, etc.
Students have to think of words of one syllable, two syllables, or three syllables.
Students have to think, make decisions, interact with others, and develop opinions in their life.
Students have to travel to other campus locations to complete degrees.
Students have to try different fields of communications to find out what they like.
Students have to try to clean up an oil spill before it pollutes the ocean, animals, and shoreline.
Students have to try to put the subject matter back into context inside of their own heads.
Students have to turn in a photocopy of the article with the summary and critique.
Students have to turn in annotated packets after group discussions.
Students have to understand population trends, statistics and changing lifestyles.
Students have to understand that they come to a graduate school to work.
Students have to understand the language of math and science, in order to know when to do what.
Students have to understand the meaning of their with interaction the other person.
Students have to use advanced vector calculus for intensive problem solving throughout the semester.
Students have to use mathematics to make sense of the context.
Students have to use personal credit cards.
Students have to wait in long lines.
Students have to want to work at getting good grades.
Students have to waste time walking or waste money going by bus.
Students have to wear their tie with the blazer .
Students have to wear their tie with the blazer.
Students have to weigh both career and non-career considerations in their college choice.
Students have to work hard to understand multi-layered themes and historical references in films.
Students have to work too hard for no reason.
Students have to work very hard to prove themselves.
Students have to work with different partners everyday.
Students have to write a paper in which they compare elements of different health care systems.
Students have to write an essay about one of the topics covered in one of the four classes.
Students have to write back to friend, responding and reacting accordingly.
Students have to write many papers, for English teachers, history teachers, and so on.
Students have to write more in order to obtain writing skills in their area of specialization.
Students have to write nine book reports per semester.
Students have to write stories and perform other related tasks.
Students have to write together a 'rural development plan' for the concerned region.
Students have too many things to think about besides coming to vote for or against the park tax.
Students have too much experience at running experiments with insufficient replication.
Students have total access to everything within the NdS area.
Students have total control over reviewing and editing their work.
Students have tow weeks time to perform each phase.
Students have traditional and non-traditional choices at the salad bar.
Students have tremendous leadership potential and are an untapped resource in the community.
Students have tremendous opportunities to have hands-on experience while earning internship credit.
Students have trouble finding specific items, and so do the authors.
Students have trouble getting advisors now.
Students have trouble knowing how to choose an appropriate library database.
Students have two additional weeks after the reading period to collect their pledges.
Students have two attempts to pass the qualifying exam.
Students have two attempts to produce an acceptable project.
Students have two chances to pass each exam.
Students have two chances to pass oral and written preliminary exams.
Students have two chances to pass the exam.
Students have two chances to pass the examination.
Students have two choices for secondary education.
Students have two choices when answering the multiple choice style questions .
Students have two days for each day of absence to make up work.
Students have two days per excused absence to make-up work.
Students have two elected representatives.
Students have two electives in addition to working within their teams.
Students have two enrollment options.
Students have two excused absences over the course of the semester.
Students have two free choices.
Students have two general options for choosing their support areas.
Students have two general views of the program.
Students have two half days without clinical duties each week to complete a designated project.
Students have two hours to complete the exam.
Students have two hours to read the passage and to respond to a single topic.
Students have two levels of access on the computer network.
Students have two major assignments.
Students have two minutes to complete as many sit-ups as possible.
Students have two nights to do homework and fewer classes each day.
Students have two opportunities to apply per year, once each semester.
Students have two opportunities to audition for musicals, as well.
Students have two opportunities to earn college credit while in high school.
Students have two opportunities to pass all components of the qualifying examination.
Students have two opportunities to pass the comprehensive examinations.
Students have two opportunities to pass the comprehensive exams.
Students have two opportunities to satisfactorily complete a class.
Students have two opportunities to successfully complete the candidacy exam.
Students have two opportunities to take the qualifying examination.
Students have two options after the first year.
Students have two options available for the culminating experience.
Students have two options for completing the honors program.
Students have two options for living accommodations, homestay or in the residence hall.
Students have two options for satisfying the requirements for the comprehensive examination.
Students have two options for study.
Students have two options for their studies in France.
Students have two options in nursing ed cation.
Students have two options in providing evidence.
Students have two options in pursuing the certificate.
Students have two options on finding out their grades.
Students have two options.
Students have two physical education classes a week, plus one with their classroom teachers.
Students have two semesters to complete the management project.
Students have two specials per day.
Students have two tasks.
Students have two terms to complete work for an incomplete grade.
Students have two unexcused absences per semester .
Students have two ways to take the program.
Students have two weeks after exam results are posted to resolve questions about scores.
Students have two weeks from the date of the second lab period to turn in a complete lab report.
Students have two weeks in which they can respond to the question and to each other.
Students have two weeks off between seminars.
Students have two weeks to complete each activity after it is posted.
Students have two weeks to complete the exam and prepare their presentations.
Students have two weeks to make payment arrangements to prevent their schedules from being deleted.
Students have two years beyond the completion of the course to complete the research project.
Students have two years to complete the coursework.
Students have uninterrupted blocks of time to explore areas of interest in depth.
Students have unique reason to use beer slogans in their campaign for student government.
Students have unique responsibility for the quality of their education.
Students have unique talents, individual needs, and the capacity to achieve personal excellence.
Students have unique writing styles that can be easily spotted.
Students have unlimited access to fine pianos and practice rooms.
Students have unlimited access to sample exams in advance.
Students have unlimited access to the Internet in our open computer labs.
Students have unlimited access to the most extensive job database in the country.
Students have unlimited access to the pool between class sessions.
Students have unlimited renewals per book unless it is needed by another user.
Students have until five business days before the first day of class to change residency.
Students have until mid-term of the next quarter to make up all incompletes.
Students have until the end of the first week of the semester to add courses via telereg.
Students have until the end of the following semester to complete the course.
Students have until the end of the Late Registration period to make adjustments to their schedules.
Students have until the following recitation to correct problems for partial credit.
Students have until the last day of classes each semester to apply for reciprocity status.
Students have until the next morning to submit their answers.
Students have until the second week of class to request a refund.
Students have until the seventh day to add a class.
Students have until three weeks after the end of the sessions to complete their written work.
Students have unusual access to the faculty, and nearly all faculty members teach undergraduates.
Students have up to a year to complete a class.
Students have up to five times to take the test before graduation.
Students have up to five years from the date of matriculation to complete the master's degree.
Students have up to five years to complete their degree.
Students have up to four years to complete the program.
Students have up to one hour to compose their essays.
Students have up to one month from the date of return of an item of term work to query the marking.
Students have up to one week after receiving their rough draft back in which to hand in a rewrite.
Students have up to one year from the time the grade was assigned to petition for change.
Students have up to one year to complete a course.
Students have up to one year to complete all course requirements.
Students have up to one year to complete and submit documentation of project work.
Students have up to one year to complete each course.
Students have up to seven years from their high school graduation date to use the scholarship.
Students have up to seven years to complete the degree requirements.
Students have up to seven years to complete the program.
Students have up to seven years to complete their degree from the date of their first examination.
Students have up to six months to complete a testing out course.
Students have up to six months to complete an independent study course.
Students have up to six months to complete each course.
Students have up to six months to complete each semester.
Students have up to six months to complete each study team course.
Students have up to six years to finish the program.
Students have up to ten years to repay a loan once the grace period has ended.
Students have up to ten years to repay their loans.
Students have up to ten years to repay.
Students have up to three years from their date of graduation to use the waiver.
Students have up to three years to complete the following courses.
Students have up to two days to pack and load the trailer before moving begins.
Students have up to two years to begin using their scholarships.
Students have up to two years to repay the loan at a low interest rate.
Students have up until that deadline to submit internships, independent studies, and practica forms.
Students have use of a language laboratory and a fully-networked computer laboratory.
Students have use of computer lab at other times during the week.
Students have use of the kitchen facilities and are responsible for providing their own meals.
Students have valuable contributions to make.
Students have varied backgrounds in photography and all take instruction, beginning to advanced.
Students have varied goals and interests regarding their future today.
Students have varied reactions to the program changes.
Students have various backgrounds and come from thirty states and fifty-five other countries.
Students have various opportunities for studying in the foreign country of interest.
Students have various physical disabilities such as visual or auditory impairment or loss.
Students have various reasons for taking the class.
Students have various strategies for choosing their gen-ed classes.
Students have ventral and dorsal sides in addition to anterior and posterior directions.
Students have vertebrates.
Students have very close and enduring contact with practitioners.
Students have very different backgrounds and learn in individual ways.
Students have very good access to new splendid computers.
Students have very limited dial-up access .
Students have very little knowledge of algebra.
Students have voices, opinions.
Students have voices, things to say uniquely and powerfully if they are permitted free reign.
Students have voting privileges.
Students have web access to national and international databases and search facilities.
Students have web space on their email accounts.
Students have weekly group interaction where management issues are discussed.
Students have weekly individual lessons.
Students have weekly obligation of two hours of classroom work and eight hours of field work.
Students have weekly reading assignments as well as assigned parts to read in class.
Students have weekly shooting assignments which are carefully evaluated by the instructor.
Students have weekly writing assignments.
Students have wide latitude in meeting the specifications.
Students have wide latitude of curriculum choices.
Students have wide latitude to adjust their pace and schedule to their individual time constraints.
Students have widely varied levels of capability and disability.
Students have word lists to study.
Students have work stations and access to computers.
Students have works played, critiqued, and recorded by a six-member ensemble from the orchestra.
Students have yellow cards.
Students have, as a minimum, a two hour laboratory session per week.
Students haven t been the only ones putting in long volunteer hours at the school.
Students having a basic knowledge of metal sculpture further develop their artistic abilities.
Students having a problem tend to go to their peers for help.
Students having completed their bachelor s degree are ineligible.
Students having interests in livestock are eligible for membership.
Students having junior and senior class standing are eligible to apply.
Students having non-immigrant visa status are ineligible for residency.
Students having skills below grade level are eligible.
Students having taken classes in ichthyology and aquatic ecology are preferred.
Students having the same topic are in the same group.
Students having to repeat the year can only do so during the next cycle of the degree programme.
Students having trouble can refer to brainstorm list.
Students having trouble with their courses are more likely to drop out than others.
Students head back to the books Students are finding more places to go on campus to study and relax.
Students head off to work.
Students head to class to begin the first semester of the new millennium.
Students head up to Dawn Lodge for breakfast.
Students hear a narrative-style presentation and are able to touch artifacts.
Students hear a question and answer exchange.
Students hear a short story about metamorphosis, and examine a drawing showing a transformation.
Students hear a word, and sometimes they also hear the word used in a sentence.
Students hear about it from their friends, and the word spreads quickly.
Students hear about the harmful effects of drugs and get tips on resisting peer pressure.
Students hear and discuss current research findings.
Students hear and see the morning weather, daily lunch, birthdays, annoucements and more.
Students hear corporate stars talking about their successful strategies.
Students hear different ideas and have opportunities to confirm or question their own conjectures.
Students hear directions on how to go to various places on a map.
Students hear faculty and guest speakers, as well as participate in seminar presentations.
Students hear for themselves some famous black history moments.
Students hear four questions, recording their responses to the questions.
Students hear from law enforcement officers, victims, offenders and fire and rescue personnel.
Students hear from professionals in the area at monthly meetings and attend regional conventions.
Students hear from teens and young adults who have chosen to be abstinent.
Students hear from top business leaders and interact with executives from many fields.
Students hear lectures by Chinese scholars and public figures on government, society and culture.
Students hear only the music that plays everywhere on campus.
Students hear presentations from and interview experts in environmental science and reporting.
Students hear the message.
Students hear the same language, the same approaches.
Students hear the tale about seven hunting birds who track a huge bear across the sky every year.
Students help a climber scale a mountain by correctly solving addition problems.
Students help admit and care for a limited number of hospital patients.
Students help advise, with a teacher, several after-school clubs.
Students help and get help.
Students help answer the phones, stuff envelopes and put signs together.
Students help assemble a two-wheel cart.
Students help at the local nursing home, child care center, and animal shelter.
Students Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Students help by accepting from non-governmental organizations proposals for educational projects.
Students help by organizing and officiating themselves.
Students help clean up the lawn in front of the church and rectory.
Students help create the information base and continually provide the subject matter for the course.
Students help create the information base.
Students help define the questions rather than instructors simply handing out facts.
Students help demonstrate kelp forest ecology.
Students help design their own curriculum.
Students help develop fair codes of conduct for themselves.
Students help develop rubrics and participate in decision-making.
Students help develop the web through discussion.
Students help each other and what is best for all.
Students help each other as guides and mentors in the writing and editing process.
Students help each other in the writing process.
Students help each other out.
Students help each other outside of the classroom.
Students help each other solve work-related problems throughout the year.
Students help each other through peer editing and story conferencing.
Students help each other to find suitable trainee posts.
Students help each other to learn.
Students help each other to speak, read, write and understand two languages.
Students help each other with communication.
Students help each other with peer tutoring and study groups.
Students help each other.
Students help each other's study habits and achievements.
Students help educators.
Students help frogs find love.
Students help government or non-profit programs in their communities.
Students help governments decide school closings for snowstorms or evacuations for hurricanes.
Students help greatly, but lay men and women from area churches are needed as well.
Students help grow shuttle garden.
Students help guide their own learning through their interests.
Students help hurting parties arrive at agreements that are fair, satisfying, doable and durable.
Students help implement and maintain the recycling program.
Students help in a variety of ways during their free time, before school, during lunch or recess.
Students help in choosing and organizing the project.
Students help in posting a daily Web summary of the program.
Students help in the care and upkeep of the house.
Students help interview clients, draft litigation documents, and provide brief counseling services.
Students help keep costs to a minimum also.
Students help kids at the club learn basics about computers.
Students help launch the trawl over the side.
Students help make and post as much of the material as possible.
Students help make history online in Kansas City.
Students help manage the labs.
Students help missions.
Students help new students make friends and feel accepted.
Students help one another growing rice, mushrooms and other vegetables.
Students help one another more while doing computer work.
Students help one another.
Students help on-stage in the demonstrations of animal adaptations and ecological concerns.
Students help ophthalmology residents diagnose and care for patients.
Students help organize and participate in city parades and celebrations.
Students help organize food and clothing drives for disaster relief.
Students help out in other areas of campus safety.
Students help out with kitchen duties.
Students help paint walls, move dirt and clean up trash.
Students help pay for access to multimedia materials.
Students help plan and direct the unit and the daily lessons through their reactions and questions.
Students help plan and lead programs.
Students help plan and participate in a variety of health education programs throughout the year.
Students help plan and produce advertising, including a full-color brochure.
Students help plan events and meetings as well.
Students help plan menus and enjoy the efforts of their hard work.
Students help plan the liturgy and participate in it.
Students help plan the program which can be adapted to any size, age group, or achievement level.
Students help plant a Tuliptree to mark the occasion.
Students help poor families with their tax returns to maximize the earned income credit payment.
Students help prepare and present discussion material, and attend presentations by guest speakers.
Students help prepare and present discussion material.
Students help prepare their own meal by hauling wood and water and observing open hearth cooking.
Students help promote awareness of African-American issues.
Students help promote the program as ambassadors to the department.
Students help proofread classmates compositions.
Students help run the community health clinic which is now located at the school.
Students help run the farm.
Students help senior citizens and library patrons use computer technology.
Students help staff while getting to know and enjoy the seniors.
Students help students find jobs.
Students help students meet entrance exam in Illinois.
Students help students.
Students help teachers continue to learn with their questions and problems.
Students help teachers redefine their own horizons and levels of knowledge.
Students help the librarians in their free time.
Students help the seniors make business cards, greeting cards, or whatever they'd like.
Students help to plan a variety of social activities.
Students help to plan and initiate preceptored clinical experiences.
Students help to plan the activities that are part of the nursery school day.
Students help to plan the service and provide vocal or instrumental music.
Students help to plan trips each quarter to museums, theatres, and other cultural events.
Students help to prepare dinner and then remain for the meal and socializing.
Students help to select and display their work.
Students help to tutor in an inner city after-school program.
Students help with a variety of tasks including animal care, programs, trails and maintenance.
Students help with educational and recreational activities in day care centers.
Students help with kitchen cleanup.
Students help with maintenance, clean up and agricultural work.
Students help with new geothermal possibilities.
Students help with the care and new planting.
Students help with the inventory.
Students help with the newsletter during activities.
Students help with the organization and grading of the programming problems.
Students help with the patients' care so that their primary caregivers can have a break.
Students help with the scanning.
Students help with trail idea .
Students help with training teachers and other students through mentoring and workshops.
Students help write their own learning activities.
Students help younger students by visiting the younger grades and reading to the students.
Students helping other students learn is a very effective study technique.
Students helping students become better writers.
Students helping students is a great way for everyone to develop better relationships.
Students helping students pages are now under construction.
Students helping students succeed.
Students helping with our research can participate in several aspects of the study.
Students here are able to address the current questions of our culture.
Students here are active.
Students here are among the brightest people in the world.
Students here are eager to tell about the power of change through music therapy.
Students here are in a room with a camera and a television.
Students here are intelligent enough to know one vote, one person.
Students here are interested in personal, organizational and societal change.
Students here are on the leading edge of technology.
Students here are pretty apathetic.
Students here are rightly proud of the combination of academic success and a friendly atmosphere.
Students here are smart and intellectually curious.
Students Here are some comments from our students.
Students here are some strategies to keep in mind when taking tests.
Students Here are the students that participated in the trip to the Savannah River Site.
Students here are very civics-minded.
Students here are very rude.
Students here are very willing to share their knowledge and experiences.
Students here can direct, experiment, do any aspect of theater.
Students here can meet and interact with people from almost anywhere in the world.
Students here can walk safely anywhere in and around town.
Students here choose more than a major.
Students here do the art and the craft of theatre.
Students here drink to get wasted.
Students here enjoy being a part of a small but active residential community.
Students here enjoy cozy, homelike classrooms for study, art projects and physical activities.
Students here express gratitude to be one of the lucky ones who can attend school.
Students here feel like the teachers are almost a second set of parents.
Students here feel quite responsible towards their religious missions.
Students here feel that the libraries are social gathering places.
Students here get a real sense of camaraderie and family.
Students here grow tremendously because they are given tremendous responsibilities.
Students here hail from across the country and around the world.
Students here have a smile on each face and a positive attitude towards learning.
Students here have all the educational advantages that come from attending a major university.
Students here have an incredible amount of control over their academic lives.
Students here have to put their all into the work.
Students Here is the student space.
Students here know what they want and how to make things happen.
Students here learn tools and structure at the same time.
Students here like to surf the Web too.
Students here receive a variety of educational experiences in a loving and caring atmosphere.
Students here receive religious education daily.
Students here receive their BA and their teaching credential in four years.
Students here review and summarize the findings of others about a scientific area of interest.
Students here say they have done so.
Students here take charge of their own learning.
Students here take personal responsibility for their own integrity and behavior.
Students here take responsibility for their own spiritual life.
Students here tend find life extremely active and fulfilling.
Students here think so.
Students here value space far more than a private bathroom.
Students here work hard to extend their intellectual, physical, and spiritual growth.
Students here write a general university admission exam after their final year of high school.
Students here write and design Web pages for local business and industry.
Students hide the cards out of sequence throughout the school or classroom.
Students hide their Bibles in their rooms.
Students highlight the good ideas on each member's sheet.
Students highly recommend the experience too, and suggested doing it once a week.
Students hike and search for items listed on a task sheet.
Students hike in crews of eight or nine with two adult guides.
Students hike through the rainforest.
Students hike to the sugarhouse where they learn the history of maple syrup making.
Students hire and allocate employees and ensure that tasks are completed.
Students hoist flags on staffs fashioned out of paper and on cardboard, by the thousands.
Students hold a chin-up bar with their palms facing out.
Students hold a number of seasonal parties and fund raising events.
Students hold a performance in the outdoor amphitheater.
Students hold a sit-in against apartheid.
Students hold all leadership positions and are offered guidance by a faculty or staff advisor.
Students hold an actual gourd that has been dried and hollowed out to form a cup.
Students hold and study historical objects from our collections and take part in group activities.
Students hold books.
Students hold conception.
Students hold debates and actively investigate issues.
Students hold different ideas about light.
Students hold discussions in chat rooms.
Students hold email accounts and have free access to the Internet.
Students hold five of the nine directors positions, and a two-year term is required.
Students hold hands.
Students hold major positions as performers and pedagogues.
Students hold noisy campus rallies denouncing Texas, the state that leads the nation in executions.
Students hold on to their original models even after instruction.
Students hold positions on the board for two-year terms.
Students hold positions.
Students hold practice discussions that are videotaped for later evaluation.
Students hold regular office hours and are assigned appointments based upon their caseload.
Students hold simple conversations and write short compositions about past and future actions.
Students hold simple conversations and write short compositions.
Students hold specialist positions.
Students hold strainers over bowls.
Students hold supervisory positions on productions.
Students hold tee-shirt sales to raise money to save the rain forest.
Students hold the different materials in front of a light bulb.
Students hold the hoop up and get inside pulling the hoop down around their waist.
Students hold the potato in one hand and stab it with the other using a plastic milkshake straw.
Students hold the same responsibilities and privileges as all other college students.
Students hold the string and strike the item with the nail.
Students hold their hands farther away and record their observations.
Students hold undergraduate degrees from diverse academic fields.
Students hold up one hand to signal others.
Students hold up the appropriate side of the card to signal the correct answer.
Students hold up their card as the item or person is mentioned.
Students hold very positive attitudes toward other languages and people speaking other languages.
Students holding assistantships pay in-state tuition which is a considerable saving.
Students holding dual registration are eligible for assistantship appointments.
Students holding research assistantships require a longer period of residence.
Students holding teaching or research assistantships are exempt from tuition and service fees.
Students holding the bachelor's degree do six graduate credits.
Students hone in on grammar skills through dictation and writing exercises.
Students hone their acts by working in front of each other and finally, with a director.
Students hone their listening skills and are exposed to music of various periods and cultures.
Students hone their observation skills, conduct scientific research and present findings.
Students hone their research skills.
Students hook arms and circle or attempt to swing the other around.
Students hope for a date to the homecoming dance.
Students hope fulfill degree requirements and gain marketable skills in real life situations.
Students hope to get a head start in finding employment.
Students hope to seek easy gains with comfort.
Students hope to start planting flowers in about two weeks.
Students hoping to become actuaries often graduate college with one or more exams already passed.
Students host a multicultural fair to share their learning with the community.
Students host events with high school students on campus, or job fair, or college night.
Students host home stays, exchange pen-pal notes and share schoolwork.
Students host the shows and students and faculty serve as contestants.
Students hosting visitors are responsible for their conduct at all times.
Students huddle around VTCs around the world sharing in the excitement.
Students huddle in teams and compare work and answers.
Students huddle to make sure all can respond.
Students humm d'.
Students hurriedly fill out surveys.
Students hurry to keep rendezvous in college halls.
Students hypothesize about the distribution of dots across the world.
Students hypothesize about the outcome of the experiment.
Students hypothesize and test the starch content of different foods using iodine.
Students hypothesize, design and conduct experiment, write up.
Students hypothesize, observe, and record which ice cube melts first, second, third, and fourth.
Students identify a correlation of courses in consultation with their major advisor.
Students identify a leader for leadership behavior analysis.
Students identify a problem area or student on which to focus studies.
Students identify a problem in ministry and propose solutions.
Students identify a problem, conduct an investigation, and present their findings for evaluation.
Students identify a realistic, achievable career goal and make a plan to reach that goal.
Students identify a research problem and prepare a plan to solve the problem.
Students identify a system's inputs and outputs.
Students identify a variety of instruments from various cultures and describe how they sound.
Students identify additional unlabeled examples as yes or no.
Students identify all the parts of a Chumash village.
Students identify altered growth and development and consider family processes.
Students identify an actual systems problem and analyze and design a small system.
Students identify an appropriate agency and consult with a faculty member.
Students identify an area of reading they wish to investigate.
Students identify an important question they wish to explore.
Students identify and analyze marketing problems.
Students identify and analyze natural resource and environmental problems.
Students identify and analyze source points for soil erosion.
Students identify and apply methods of information acquisition and utilization.
Students identify and apply the fundamentals of effective discussion and debate.
Students identify and categorize living and nonliving things.
Students identify and characterize various breeds of livestock.
Students identify and classify weeds as related to control measures.
Students identify and combat agism, in themselves and in other social institutions.
Students identify and correct the errors.
Students identify and count key indicator species in several different ecosystems.
Students identify and critically examine research related to interventions for pain management.
Students identify and define examples of vocabulary in performance literature.
Students identify and demonstrate movement elements and skills in dance performance.
Students identify and describe the properties of two-dimensional figures.
Students identify and develop thematic studies based on the needs of their particular classrooms.
Students identify and discussthemes, ideas and perspectives related to the products being examined.
Students identify and display cultural sensitivity in movement-related experiences.
Students identify and establish a role from a given list eg.
Students identify and explain the first ten amendments and the rights of the individual.
Students identify and explore energy's links to the environment, the community, and the economy.
Students identify and investigate what happened and why.
Students identify and learn to teach reading skills specific to varying content areas.
Students identify and participate in the application of management principles in a work setting.
Students identify and profile ethnic dining establishments in their local service area.
Students identify and pursue advanced work on topics within that subfield.
Students identify and resolve ethical dilemmas.
Students identify and share their own personal experience narratives.
Students identify and solve problems and report solutions independently.
Students identify and study certain plants along a nature path using identification sheets.
Students identify and summarize developmental sequences in growth and maturation.
Students identify and use relevant options in setting and accomplishing a goal.
Students identify animal gaits and track patterns.
Students identify anthems and mottoes of the United States and Texas.
Students identify any land uses or features that they know about.
Students identify artifacts, cardiac arrhythmias and their causes.
Students identify at least two to three keyword facts about each beast highlighted in the poems.
Students identify attractive food packaging.
Students identify axes and planes and related planes parallel to sets of axes.
Students identify bias and prejudice in historical interpretations.
Students identify care for minor wounds.
Students identify characteristics and habitats of frogs and toads.
Students identify characters.
Students identify color in English after seeing target language word.
Students identify common drugs, their actions, side effects and use.
Students identify common geometric objects in their environment and describe their features.
Students identify common local species by sight and vocalizations.
Students identify comparable stages which occur in developing organisms.
Students identify compass directions in the classroom and on a map.
Students identify components of a waste stream and their impact on the environment.
Students identify conflict, theme, characterization, setting, foreshadowing, and point of view.
Students identify coping strategies.
Students identify criteria for measuring their learning progress toward their mission.
Students identify cultural differences in describing and evaluating traditional music.
Students identify cultural heritages and the psychological implications of design.
Students identify cultural or stylistic aspects represented in the work of art.
Students identify day, date, holiday of the month, and weather.
Students identify decisions.
Students identify different control systems.
Students identify different types of foods.
Students identify discrimination and discuss possible responses.
Students identify each organism as a producer, consumer, or decomposer.
Students identify elements in their own art and literature that have their basis in the Roman world.
Students identify emotions.
Students identify environmental concerns about packaging.
Students identify evidence of earth movement.
Students identify examples of current disease outbreaks and create collages or portfolios.
Students identify examples of incentives that influence human behavior.
Students identify examples of various metres in their repertoire.
Students identify external influences.
Students identify family activities.
Students identify family and folk heroes in their own lives.
Students identify favorite activities.
Students identify feelings and demonstrate positive ways to act out emotions.
Students identify feelings.
Students identify fiction and nonfiction.
Students identify food safety problems.
Students identify foods they like.
Students identify four principles of ecodetection.
Students identify fruits.
Students identify functions of government as well as services provided by the local government.
Students identify general symptoms of animal health problems.
Students identify geographic issues and define problems, plan and organize geographic inquiries.
Students identify good hygiene habits.
Students identify goods and services and learn that specialization leads to greater interdependence.
Students identify health-care services.
Students identify healthy things that belong in the body.
Students identify healthy things that belong in their bodies.
Students identify historic figures and ordinary people who exhibit good citizenship.
Students identify honor with duty.
Students identify how everyone has their own unique understanding of historical events and patterns.
Students identify how inhalants affect other body systems cells.
Students identify how testimonials, bandwagon techniques, and loaded words promote bias in a text.
Students identify human activities that have affected the watershed in their community.
Students identify igneous rock specimens using a simplified classification chart.
Students identify influences on their decisions.
Students identify influences.
Students identify interests early in the semester.
Students identify it as a wind instrument.
Students identify items on the pages as living or nonliving, fruit or vegetable.
Students identify jobs done by individuals and groups in their schools and communities.
Students identify key ideas of the United States' democratic republican form of government.
Students identify key terms and related concepts.
Students identify listening skills.
Students identify living things they see on the school grounds.
Students identify major types of zooplankton with a key.
Students identify markets and analyze client firms' capabilities to enter foreign markets.
Students identify materials found in everyday objects.
Students identify materials that can be recycled.
Students identify medicines.
Students identify metals commonly found in household objects.
Students identify methods of delivering culturally competent care to community groups.
Students identify metric labeling problem to manufacturers.
Students identify mineral specimens in homework kits.
Students identify minor and major decisions.
Students identify misspelled word and spell it correctly.
Students identify multiple meanings of words and their usage.
Students identify needs of aquatic plants and animals.
Students identify new questions raised by the research.
Students identify notable illustrators by style.
Students identify nursing phenomena or nursing concepts for analysis and write a paper.
Students identify nutrients.
Students identify other safety precautions.
Students identify parts that can be put together with other parts to do new things.
Students identify passive, assertive and aggressive reactions.
Students identify patterns and rhythm in art.
Students identify patterns found in nature.
Students identify patterns in written works such as rhyming words and repletion.
Students identify patterns on a calendar using pictures or numerals.
Students identify people they admire.
Students identify personal qualities and skills that are the basis for developing leadership.
Students identify points of interest on historical and current maps of their city, town, or region.
Students identify potential committee members in consultation with their research advisors.
Students identify potential research questions.
Students identify precautions.
Students identify pressure points for relieving stress.
Students identify problems where mathematics can be used as a problem solving tool.
Students identify problems.
Students identify product jingles and the images they project.
Students identify projects and are given parameters for presentation at the next class.
Students identify projects people are working on to restore or protect forests.
Students identify purchases.
Students identify questions that guide the class during their soil investigation.
Students identify questions that require an addition operation and a subtraction operation.
Students identify references made to some natural resources in two American Indian legends.
Students identify researchable problems in their discipline.
Students identify resources and support.
Students identify risks and consequences.
Students identify safe and dangerous items.
Students identify safe people from whom to take medicine.
Students identify safety equipment.
Students identify scanning electron micrographs of different cells in their bodies.
Students identify several areas of interest and develop a strong, varied portfolio of competence.
Students identify several areas of interest and develop a varied portfolio of competence.
Students identify signs in the neighborhood.
Students identify situations where they have been pressured.
Students identify societal attitudes about gender roles for men and women.
Students identify some healthful breakfast foods.
Students identify some of the ways they use plant products.
Students identify sources for help with feelings.
Students identify specific objectives in consultation with the faculty and role preceptor.
Students identify stages of development and behavior in young children.
Students identify stages.
Students identify standards.
Students identify target market segments that result in maximization of revenue.
Students identify tasks.
Students identify the accuracy of the model and receive corrective feedback if appropriate.
Students identify the barriers to successful communication.
Students identify the basic facts and ideas in what they have read, heard, or viewed.
Students identify the characteristics of ecosystems and their components.
Students identify the colors most commonly found in fruits and vegetables and their own favorites.
Students identify the colors of animals and the colors of the habitats where the animals live.
Students identify the current day and the activities for that day.
Students identify the difference between the goods-producing and service industries.
Students identify the differences in selected nursing models.
Students identify the different functional systems and subsystems of an organization.
Students identify the difficulties and dangers of crossing the frontier.
Students identify the dominant type of vegetation in their sample site and record the data.
Students identify the equal parts of the candy bar.
Students identify the focus for a scholarly project.
Students identify the four food groups and classify play food into the four groups.
Students identify the function of small household items.
Students identify the hazards as well as the legal requirements associated with construction.
Students identify the high and low fat items at each restaurant.
Students identify the hypothesis and conclusion in logical deduction.
Students identify the information to be included and record results.
Students identify the kind of school and community they want.
Students identify the language and structural features of a report .
Students identify the levels of communication.
Students identify the location of the axis of rotation during the previous tasks.
Students identify the location on a U.S. map of the schools they choose to chart.
Students identify the logic and purpose underlying authors' communication of meaning.
Students identify the main idea of a paragraph.
Students identify the major cuisines of China in both historical and contemporary perspectives.
Students identify the major religious faiths of the world.
Students identify the major uses of performance appraisals.
Students identify the message behind a story and elements of a story.
Students identify the nation's heroes who took the risk of new and controversial ideas.
Students identify the natural resource from which each material is derived.
Students identify the needs of living things.
Students identify the parts of the puzzle and explain why the puzzle is a system.
Students identify the perceptions of self and others.
Students identify the problem in the investigation.
Students identify the problem, analyze the data, draw conclusions, and offer recommendations.
Students identify the purpose of the writing activity.
Students identify the recorder as a wind instrument.
Students identify the roles of family and consumer sciences professionals around the world.
Students identify the same pattern in a variety of contexts.
Students identify the site and type of care and they are matched with the preceptor.
Students identify the steps needed to solve problems.
Students identify the topic of their choice, math or science.
Students identify the transformation represented in each picture.
Students identify the way they affect the environment through some identification of problems.
Students identify the weaknesses and rewrite the conclusions.
Students identify the words that express reasons why civilization arose and why salmon thrived here.
Students identify their birthdate in the solar cycle.
Students identify their country, state, county, and city.
Students identify their insects to their taxonomic Order.
Students identify their own errors.
Students identify their research interests and the relevant literature.
Students identify their top three choices from each list, and identify one course with a star.
Students identify their unique qualities.
Students identify transfer courses when they apply for study.
Students identify trends and draw clear conclusions, supported by available data.
Students identify trends.
Students identify trusted adults.
Students identify valid resources.
Students identify variety of rhythms and perform secondary and intermediate dance combinations.
Students identify various literary forms and use different forms of writing for specific purposes.
Students identify volcano locations by latitude and longitude.
Students identify ways in which information is moved from place to place.
Students identify ways in which they use water at school.
Students identify ways to show respect.
Students identify ways to stay safe around electricity.
Students identify ways various pollutants can affect living things.
Students identify what they believe makes some artworks better than others.
Students identify which features are present in each photograph.
Students identify which natural resources are renewable.
Students identify which pieces of trash are organic and which are inorganic.
Students identify which selections they prefer and give reasons for their choices.
Students identify with the graduate program where they study.
Students identify women who have made a difference in the lives of oppressed peoples.
Students identify, analyze, and interpret structural elements appropriate to informative writing.
Students identify, describe, represent, extend, and create linear and non-linear number patterns.
Students identify, develop and critique appropriate teaching methods for a given teaching area.
Students identify, develop and evaluate appropriate teaching methods for a given teaching area.
Students identify, find, and use appropriate resources.
Students identify, find, or create new cases of the generalization.
Students identify, research and present topics of their own interest.
Students identify, use, and prove relationships between figures involving congruence and similarity.
Students ignore prerequisites at their own risk.
Students ill treat others and property with dignity and respect.
Students illustrate a constellation of their choice.
Students illustrate a teacher made book about the different holidays.
Students illustrate a word from the story.
Students illustrate an appropriate setting for the character in the background of the form.
Students illustrate and prepare their myths for an audience.
Students illustrate each page carefully and design eye catching covers.
Students illustrate how social, organizational and technological systems function.
Students illustrate one cliche to add to the class book of illustrated cliches.
Students illustrate or graph egg weights.
Students illustrate poems from recognized poets collected and centered around a theme.
Students illustrate the cards and add significant details related to the characters.
Students illustrate the cover and first pages, and the final page has a photo of the child.
Students illustrate the list of ways that spiders defend themselves.
Students illustrate their adaptation.
Students illustrate their myths or present myths in a cartoon style.
Students illustrate their real-world math stories and take turns sharing their work with others.
Students illustrate their sentences, based on the sketches made during the retelling.
Students illustrate written reports with online or student-designed graphics, maps, and charts.
Students imagine collecting a million of something.
Students imagine standing in the center of a large compass.
Students imagine that the paper represents milk poured into the glass.
Students imagine that they are in their bathrooms after a steamy shower.
Students imagine they are a famous character.
Students imagine they are mineralogists whose task is to identify two mineral specimens.
Students imagine they have gone on a trip to several countries in the continent they like best.
Students imagine what it's like to voyage on a traditional Hawaiian double-hulled canoe.
Students imitate the teacher's movements to the beat of the song.
Students imitate their own success and they imitate their peers.
Students immediately begin collecting references in case an interlibrary loan is required.
Students immediately go to their seats and are prepared to begin instruction.
Students immediately observe the application of knowledge learned in class in the prepracticum.
Students immediately see that people all have different concepts and insights to items.
Students immediately see the results of the quizzes they take.
Students immediately use the techniques to learn infroamtion from their other college courses.
Students immerse themselves in Costa Rican culture through their home-stay experiences.
Students immerse themselves in internship activities three days each week.
Students immerse themselves in the Italian culture by living in residential areas.
Students immerse themselves in the Italian culture by living near residential areas.
Students implement a basic applet and develop a working prototype of an Internet program.
Students implement a behavior management plan.
Students implement a computer program through object-oriented methodologies.
Students implement a data base file system with query capability.
Students implement a PC commodity market simulator.
Students implement a practicum in the advanced practice role during the spring term.
Students implement a proposed design and make two types of candles.
Students implement a team project.
Students implement a translator for a subset of a well-known programming language.
Students implement a variety of advanced software systems.
Students implement action plans.
Students implement algorithms on computers.
Students implement all of the projects on a voluntary basis.
Students implement an embedded application of their choice.
Students implement an interactive multimedia project.
Students implement developmental exercises and activities.
Students implement image processing algorithms using khorus software.
Students implement physical education programs for children in the elementary and middle grades.
Students implement projects and organize their finished products into a portfolio for presentation.
Students implement selected components of an advanced nursing role in a practice setting.
Students implement significant components of a small operating system.
Students implement significant optimizations within the framework of a modern research compiler.
Students implement sound theory and techniques using the tools of the craft.
Students implement strategies to keep negative history from repeating itself.
Students implement substantial circuits with field-programmable gate arrays.
Students implement the above ideas through computer programs written in Lisp.
Students implement the plan for one month during the spring term.
Students implement their applications using structured programming techniques.
Students implement their own rotating slash and burn system.
Students implement their program over one or more college semesters.
Students implement their research project at an agency or in another setting.
Students import a graphic or draw a picture of their favorite part of the story.
Students import form scanner for digital image creation as creative control.
Students import images into word processed document.
Students impose order on a series of diagrams about the rejection cascade.
Students improve academic writing skills.
Students improve as much as a full grade level in reading.
Students improve communication skills to enhance group performance.
Students improve concentration and flexibility.
Students improve diversity-related competencies.
Students improve English proficiency while, gaining transferable skills in the business field.
Students improve in attending school.
Students improve in higher order thinking based on enhanced academic knowledge.
Students improve intelligence.
Students improve interpersonal intelligence.
Students improve language skills and become competent readers.
Students improve listening, speak-ing, reading and writing skills.
Students improve performance.
Students improve quality.
Students improve reading by doing more of it.
Students improve reading, translation, listening comprehension and analytical skills.
Students improve research and writing skills by exploring a mythological topic of their choice.
Students improve research skills and knowledge of baseball history.
Students improve results.
Students improve self confidence and competence as they develop their skills.
Students improve sequencing skills.
Students improve skills in skimming, scanning, drawing inferences, and making predictions.
Students improve skills through pre- writing, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students improve skills through pre-writing, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students improve skills.
Students improve speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills.
Students improve speaking, pronunciation and listening comprehension skills.
Students improve speed and accuracy through an additional software program.
Students improve study habits, test taking skills, and group study skills.
Students improve technical skills.
Students improve their ability to analyze foreign policy and judge other analysis.
Students improve their ability to read, write, and think.
Students improve their ability to Write.
Students improve their after-graduation job prospects by gaining valuable work experience.
Students improve their communication skills through term paper presentations.
Students improve their communication skills through term paper writing and presentation.
Students improve their critical thinking skills.
Students improve their critical, analytical, and communication skills.
Students improve their English writing, listening, and speaking skills.
Students improve their facility in advanced constructions and develop more academic writing skills.
Students improve their listening by watching one film per week and reading the screenplays.
Students improve their problem solving skills.
Students improve their reading skills by reading and discussing the text and other materials.
Students improve their reading skills by reading fiction and nonfiction.
Students improve their record of getting to school on time.
Students improve their riding skills while learning more about horses.
Students improve their self-esteem by increasing their academic skills in mathematics and science.
Students improve their skills in rock climbing, hiking, swimming, and jogging.
Students improve their speaking, reading, writing, and listening skills.
Students improve their understanding of energy by experiencing many kinds of energy transfer.
Students improve their understanding of physics concepts and of experimental error as well.
Students improve their understanding of systems of equations.
Students improve their writing skills through participation in the class.
Students improve their writing skills while they feel a connection to someone they admire.
Students improve their writing skills with effective use of technology.
Students improve their writing through peer review, audience analysis, and collaborative work.
Students improve written communication skills through laboratory and project reports.
Students improvise melodies, variations, and accompaniments.
Students improvise rhythmic and melodic variations on given melodies.
Students improvise variations of a known melody.
Students inaccurately believe that traits are inherited from only one of their parents.
Students inclination to use outside resources is certainly a benefit of technology.
Students include hypotheses.
Students include initial hypotheses.
Students includes a quick link list for students.
Students Includes all major services geared toward students.
Students Includes students with part-time jobs and students with no paid jobs.
Students incorporate creative techniques while achieving curricular goals.
Students incorporate digital images into published work and use multimedia in authentic assessments.
Students incorporate downloaded images, logos, and digital photos taken in community.
Students incorporate feedback from community groups.
Students incorporate general principles of graphic design, visually drawing in the reader.
Students incorporate geometric principles in designing wheelchair ramps for community access.
Students incorporate linguistic and functional text analyses into their interpreting performances.
Students incorporate many elements of video production into a professional quality video.
Students incorporate music into their work or sing an important health message.
Students incorporate technology as a way of life into their studies.
Students incorporate technology by using computers.
Students incorporate the critiques of the teacher and their peer editor to produce final drafts.
Students incorporate the skills of their major field of study in a course project.
Students incorporate the study of artistic anatomy with gestural drawing.
Students incorporate their technology skills into written assignments.
Students increase creativity by making something new and different.
Students increase knowledge of community.
Students increase knowledge.
Students increase potential.
Students increase reading, writing, listening and speaking skills in familiar subject areas.
Students increase self-knowledge and develop effective human relations and critical thinking skills.
Students increase speed and accuracy through timed writings.
Students increase speed on the alphabetic keys and improve accuracy and techniques.
Students increase technology skills.
Students increase the ability to analyze their work while gaining valuable studio experience.
Students increase their abilities to take initiative, make decisions, and work cooperatively.
Students increase their appreciation of literature from a variety of world cultures throughout time.
Students increase their awareness of people in different socio-economic groups.
Students increase their endurance for swimming greater distances.
Students increase their fine motor control while their handwriting skills improve.
Students increase their fluency in speaking and listening comprehension, and are introduced kanjis.
Students increase their higher level thinking and problem-solving abilities.
Students increase their interest and performance in school through relevant, engaging school work.
Students increase their knowledge of basic structures and extend their vocabulary.
Students increase their own knowledge through self and teacher initiated experiences.
Students increase their participation in student and cultural activities.
Students increase their reading and comprehension skills by reading the text and handout materials.
Students increase their reading comprehension skills by reading lab exercises and handout materials.
Students increase their reading comprehension skills by reading the text and handout materials.
Students increase their skills and knowledge while fulfilling career-related learning requirements.
Students increase their speed and accuracy through the amount of production work they complete.
Students increasingly direct their own studies.
Students increasingly fear for their safety at school.
Students increasingly identify and correct their own mechanical errors.
Students increasingly integrate the health concentration with the intellectual property courses.
Students incrementally build a high quality, modest sized system to exercise the concepts.
Students incubate chicken eggs and observe magnetic resonance imaging.
Students incur a minimum three year active duty obligation.
Students incur a standard long-distance charge to dial into the teleclasses.
Students incur no military obligation until they enter the advanced course.
Students incur no military obligation.
Students incur no obligation to the military for participation in the basic course.
Students incur no obligation while participating in the freshman and sophomore years.
Students incurring the probationary status for three consecutive quarters face academic suspension.
Students indeed have lots of fun when they study in college.
Students indentify and map features of their county using photography provided by remote sensing.
Students independently change size and layout options.
Students independently choose appropriate software and hardware.
Students independently choose how to spend their time without interference from staff and parents.
Students independently choose programs from the school's library to learn and explore.
Students independently continue their development in anthropology with the help of a faculty member.
Students independently create a drawing or diagram with labels to show what they know.
Students independently create concepts maps.
Students independently execute defined field projects and summarize field data in written reports.
Students independently organize information on a graphic organizer.
Students independently perform two or three experiments, with suitable reports.
Students independently research the topic using a research process.
Students independently select an area for their project within the standards described above.
Students independently self select a text from a variety of offerings.
Students independently write their observations and conclusions.
Students indicate at the time of the exam where they want the results sent.
Students indicate high level of satisfaction with services.
Students indicate interest.
Students indicate on the application for admission the major or majors in which they are interested.
Students indicate on the application the scholarships for which they are applying.
Students indicate that there are fewer fights and relative calm in their schools.
Students indicate that there is a good variety of courses on campus.
Students indicate the number of tickets desired for Hooding on the Application for Degree.
Students indicate their choice in the morning when they arrive.
Students indicate their co-major field when applying.
Students indicate their grade option when they fill out the Course Registration Form.
Students indicate their residential preferences on the Admissions Acknowledgement Form.
Students indicate what year they are in, ie.
Students indicate which occupation is liked or disliked.
Students individualize care for children in families.
Students individualize care to each family.
Students individualize their fitness plans and diets.
Students individually complete the progress check and compare the answers with a partner.
Students individually contact employers and arrange interviews.
Students individually contract work to be presented in final portfolio or slide presentation.
Students individually graph to show results.
Students individually identify and describe a goal for resusing resources.
Students individually list things important to their identities.
Students individually make a list of what they have l earned.
Students individually schedule flight training lessons at a flight school of the student's choice.
Students individually submit a completed organizer for evaluation.
Students individually take a written assessment.
Students induce conclusions by experimenting and by reasoning from given facts.
Students infer stages in the life cycle of a butterfly.
Students infer the direction of particle movement.
Students inflate the balloon, then add special parallels using the black markers.
Students initially downplay the effects of harassment.
Students initially draw from direct observation using a variety of media.
Students initially enrol on the BSc course.
Students initially enrol on the BSc.
Students initially learn how to approach and decipher the meanings of paintings.
Students initially meet with centre staff to assess what accommodation needs are present.
Students initially react with a mixture of uncertainty and apprehension.
Students initially study advanced mathematics, physics and chemistry among the core courses.
Students initially study particular techniques and methodologies by employing a case study approach.
Students initiate all their own activities.
Students initiate and carryout a project under the mentorship of a faculty member.
Students initiate and produce an edition of a relatively extensive book.
Students initiate and provide leadership for many community activities.
Students initiate conjectures publicly.
Students initiate ideas and independent thinking is encouraged.
Students initiate individualized projects in addition to the class production.
Students initiate much of their own learning, and hold a democratic voice within their classes.
Students initiate or improve a holistic and global world-view.
Students initiate strategies.
Students initiate the action plan and evaluate the progress.
Students initiate the application process by contacting the respective tribal office.
Students initiate the application process by contacting their respective tribal office.
Students initiate the application process by contacting their specific tribal office.
Students initiate the process by discussing and receiving approval from the instructor of the class.
Students initiate their own projects in consultation with the lecturer.
Students initiate their program with courses from the concepts and methods group.
Students initiate undergraduate research experiences.
Students initiate work on theoretical bases of dissertation.
Students initiate working portfolios of artifacts.
Students inject firefly DNA into bacteria.
Students innate feeling for form and symmetry.
Students input a profile and FastWEB searches for matching entries.
Students input data into template made by teacher.
Students input data into the wildflower database.
Students input data on and the computer generates an analysis.
Students input ideas into the computer.
Students input values on a Web page form, then click on a button to draw the graph.
Students inquire into the nature of force and work as they use simple motors to raise objects.
Students insert image into text file.
Students insert text, images, change the font, color of text and the background of their slides.
Students insert the appropriate data in the form provided to find a quarterback's rating.
Students insert, modify, review, and delete comments in a document.
Students inspect a rock that is covered by a multitude of barnacles.
Students inspect a sand filter to remove particulates.
Students inspect systems designed by experienced professional engineers.
Students inspect their training vehicle to identify vital components underneath to protect.
Students install a landscape that the previous class has designed.
Students install and configure remote access software.
Students install and configure the hardware and software for a local area network.
Students install software and hardware to machines throughout the building.
Students instinctively understand that concept.
Students integrate academic learning into practice under the supervision of qualified therapists.
Students integrate an enterprise from the plant floor devices to the business systems.
Students integrate and apply administrative and management theory during a practicum experience.
Students integrate and apply business knowledge in decision situations.
Students integrate and apply dental hygiene techniques through direct patient care.
Students integrate and apply earlier learning to a specific situation or setting.
Students integrate and connect learning across all subject areas.
Students integrate basic science information with clinical medicine early in the curriculum.
Students integrate classroom instruction with hands-on experience.
Students integrate classroom theory with a monitored and supervised work experience.
Students integrate concepts learned in functional courses and recommend action.
Students integrate coursework and learning in a comprehensive thesis.
Students integrate digital control circuits with instrumentation devices.
Students integrate gross and fine motor activities through all the areas of the curriculum.
Students integrate history and science while discovering how salinity affects the density of water.
Students integrate illustrations, diagrams, or timelines into their chapters as is appropriate.
Students integrate knowledge and skills in adult health nursing within selected settings.
Students integrate knowledge of learning systems design with microcomputer media development skills.
Students integrate knowledge within and across disciplines.
Students integrate leadership knowledge and behaviours within social health care systems.
Students integrate machine tools and fabrication processes to optimize the manufacture of a product.
Students integrate manufacturing technology with math, science, writing and research.
Students integrate many subjects, particularly writing and science, as they develop the story.
Students integrate new ideas into their prior knowledge to make sense or meaning.
Students integrate nursing skills, roles, and activities at increasingly higher levels of practice.
Students integrate organizational skills in order to manage care for multiple patients.
Students integrate phonetic strategies, meaning clues and language structure to read for meaning.
Students integrate references correctly and responsibly.
Students integrate specialized knowledge and skills while functioning as full team members.
Students integrate technology tools to produce reports and exciting interactive presentations.
Students integrate the language system with the culture as the fabric that supports it.
Students integrate their knowledge and experience.
Students integrate theory and practice in the design of interactive multimedia for instruction.
Students integrate theory and practice while working in a community business or organization.
Students integrate theory into the care for the acutely ill client in practice settings.
Students integrate with the dental staff as contributing members of the dental team.
Students intensively study specific literary works in major periods.
Students intensively use educational technology for a wide variety of applications.
Students interact and assists people who have mental disabilities.
Students interact and cooperate with staff members on a direct and personal level.
Students interact and exchange knowledge they have gained from professional experience.
Students interact and send assignments via the Internet.
Students interact at a professor open house during our class in Mysore.
Students interact by affirming or clarifying each other s responses.
Students interact by having other staffers sign an appropriate square.
Students interact closely with faculty members in the studio, the rehearsal hall, and on stage.
Students interact continuously with their corporate contacts as they solve the design problem.
Students interact daily with their instructors in each discipline.
Students interact directly with instructor and other students but only when required.
Students interact directly with the instructor and members of their class group.
Students interact during a class discussion about mountains, plateaus, hills, and plains.
Students interact during the poster session.
Students interact extensively with the universal systems model.
Students interact freely with the artists, observing and asking questions.
Students interact from home, and through email send research and receive feedback.
Students interact from home, through e-mail to send research and receive feedback.
Students interact immediately with an instructor for questions and comments.
Students interact in class thoughtfully and respectfully.
Students interact indirectly or directly only with instructor and only when required.
Students interact on campus through student government, classroom participation and work.
Students interact on information on applications to medical and other allied health schools.
Students interact on line with professors, classmates, and business and professional leaders.
Students interact positively and confidently with various communities.
Students interact primarily with a program office.
Students interact simultaneously in three-way video and audio communications.
Students interact via phone.
Students interact with a culture through a series of activities.
Students interact with a professional staff committed to meeting the needs of working adults.
Students interact with a professional staff.
Students interact with a shared database of notes that they can add to through a computer interface.
Students interact with America's best entrepreneurs so they can learn from the best.
Students interact with an extensive array of maps, data, and readings in hands-on activities.
Students interact with an instructor and other students in the class.
Students interact with and observe infants and toddlers in a laboratory setting.
Students interact with authors directly.
Students interact with business leaders to learn about the free enterprise system and work in teams.
Students interact with characters to solve math problems.
Students interact with characters to unravel a mystery, answering word problems along the way.
Students interact with computer systems to produce artwork and design portfolios.
Students interact with current print and audio-visual media from sources around the world.
Students interact with each other and with faculty members.
Students interact with each other in discussing their perspectives on a variety of topics.
Students interact with each other through threaded discussions, scheduled chat sessions and e-mail.
Students interact with each other using a series of hypothetical incidents.
Students interact with each other.
Students interact with faculty and industry professionals to learn directly from clinical exemplars.
Students interact with faculty and other students by phone, fax, and e-mail.
Students interact with faculty by telephone during phone-in office hours, by fax or by voice mail.
Students interact with faculty over the Internet and through voice mail boxes.
Students interact with faculty to provide immediate feedback about performance for improvement.
Students interact with flannel board and place cut-outs correctly.
Students interact with instructor and with each other.
Students interact with instructors and other students through classroom threads and assignments.
Students interact with instructors by email or by phone during the instructors office hours.
Students interact with instructors via e-mail .
Students interact with instructors via email.
Students interact with instructors via e-mail.
Students interact with instructors who are theorists, researchers, and clinicians.
Students interact with managers through programs featuring guest speakers and industry seminars.
Students interact with members of the deaf community and participate in field trips.
Students interact with members of the local entrepreneurial community.
Students interact with minority groups, the elderly, and the poor.
Students interact with native speakers in and outside the classroom.
Students interact with one another and other accounting students from area schools.
Students interact with one another and the faculty through electronic bulletin boards and e-mail.
Students interact with one another and with experienced online instructors and tutors.
Students interact with onscreen characters, sort through clues, and solve challenging word problems.
Students interact with other students and compete in several areas within North America.
Students interact with other students via threads.
Students interact with patients and physicians in a variety of settings.
Students interact with people from many different levels and types of experience.
Students interact with professionals in the area at monthly meetings.
Students interact with professionals through volunteer and internship opportunities.
Students interact with respected corporate representatives, consultants, and government officials.
Students interact with scientists, astronauts, and other guests.
Students interact with taped materials and submit written compositions on a regular basis.
Students interact with teachers.
Students interact with technology on a daily basis in our computer lab or in their classrooms.
Students interact with the application by entering their contact information into an HTML form.
Students interact with the course content, the professor and with each other.
Students interact with the crews through classroom speakerphones.
Students interact with the exhibits to use their critical and creative thinking skills.
Students interact with the extensions at two levels.
Students interact with the help of a personal computer and have access to all data stored on disk.
Students interact with the instructor and other students by phone or e-mail.
Students interact with the instructor and other students online.
Students interact with the instructor and other students with in-class participation.
Students interact with the instructor via e-mail, chat rooms, telephone, fax, and mail.
Students interact with the instructor via mail, email, fax and telephone.
Students interact with the learning material, an online teacher, and their online classmates.
Students interact with the natural and cultural environment via field trips.
Students interact with the presenter and discuss the various paintings and photographs.
Students interact with the speakers.
Students interact with the teacher and classmates during each activity.
Students interact with the teacher through their student computing stations.
Students interact with the workshop leaders actively.
Students interact with their classmates through class discussions.
Students interact with their classmates through online chats, and with their teachers via e-mail.
Students interact with their faculty both in and out of the classroom.
Students interact with their instructor and each other using advanced technology.
Students interact with their instructors and fellow classmantes via e-mail.
Students interact with their instructors, faculty and administration.
Students interact with their mentors' co-workers and spend time in their homes.
Students interact with their teacher and classmates on the Web.
Students interact with their teacher and other students on the Web.
Students interact with their teachers through email and on-line discussions.
Students interact with their teachers via email and telephone.
Students interact with waves and the sediment transport system.
Students interacting with each other is an important factor in the learning process.
Students interactively explore fundamental concepts and carry out hands-on exercises.
Students interface different memory types to a basic microcomputer.
Students interface with others in classroom from culturally diverse backgrounds.
Students intern at medical facilities, in museums, at agencies and businesses.
Students intern during the summer after completing the first year of the program.
Students intern four days a week and take two required seminars and one elective course.
Students intern in a news, public relations or advertising capacity.
Students intern in either our Springfield, Mass., or Hartford, Conn., offices.
Students intern in local and national Jewish agencies and in Israel and other overseas settings.
Students intern in various offices and programs of college student services or related activities.
Students intern two days per week.
Students intern two to three days per week and participate in an internship course.
Students intern with a local agency, group or business involved in women s issues.
Students intern with a local agency, group or business involved in women's issues.
Students intern with an agency or organization suitable to their career interests.
Students intern with politicians in Washington, D.C., while taking classes with an Albany professor.
Students intern with some of the most prestigious news and political organizations in the community.
Students internalize a commitment to the growth and development of their community.
Students internalize concepts through discovery, reinforcement, and interrelationships.
Students internalize rebellion in response to a hard line approach.
Students internalize the values, beliefs, and goals of their teachers.
Students interpret and analyze information.
Students interpret and analyze problems for public sector or non-profit clients.
Students interpret and evaluate computer output and check their results.
Students interpret and evaluate expressions involving integer powers and roots of monomials.
Students interpret and evaluate expressions involving integer powers and simple roots.
Students interpret and evaluate internet throughput and check their results.
Students interpret and evaluate network throughput and check their results.
Students interpret business problems and design a solution using appropriate software.
Students interpret data to make inferences and predictions.
Students interpret data using methods of exploratory data analysis.
Students interpret drawings and written information when they create the tally of weather pictures.
Students interpret fiction from a sound critical perspective.
Students interpret ideas.
Students interpret information through links to stories, maps and timelines.
Students interpret intense recipes, create dishes from scratch, and research international cuisine.
Students interpret literary works by using critical and analytic techniques.
Students interpret longer segments of speech from actual court proceedings.
Students interpret multiple representations to name equivalent fractions.
Students interpret numerical data and clearly communicate their ideas in group settings.
Students interpret science and then apply what they learn to make public policy decisions.
Students interpret the data.
Students interpret the meaning of the passages they read.
Students interpret the possible influences of a historical context on a literary work.
Students interpret the possible influences of the historical context on a literary work.
Students interpret the results in terms of their observations.
Students interpret the results of the research.
Students interpret the solution sets of systems of equations geometrically.
Students interpret their environment through physical activity in terms of time and space.
Students interpret time lines and explain events in sequence.
Students interpret visual information.
Students interpret water-rock interactions and trends.
Students interpret, enter and edit G-code programs.
Students interview a doctor or other health care professional.
Students interview a person in their parents' or grandparents' generation.
Students interview an area resident.
Students interview an entrepreneur and write a business plan for a new venture they have chosen.
Students interview an older adult to gain their perspective on aging.
Students interview an older person about a period in their life.
Students interview and counsel clients, and advocate in the courtroom.
Students interview copy editors to learn more about the job.
Students interview each other about their favorite rock bands and report the results to the class.
Students interview each other and fill in the information in the grid that their partners supply.
Students interview each other for their jobs using cover letter and reference letter as guide.
Students interview each other on a given or personally selected topic.
Students interview farm personnel to collect information on specific management practices.
Students interview former internees.
Students interview government officials, cover press conferences, and report on citywide elections.
Students interview members of an older generation and present their findings.
Students interview older citizens for real-life stories.
Students interview one another in pairs, alternating roles.
Students interview or send survey to collect data from appropriate sources.
Students interview parents or other adults about their jobs and research other career information.
Students interview partners to get information for letter of reference.
Students interview people, write copy, proof read, sell advertising, and plan layout.
Students interview professionals to gather information to develop proposals.
Students interview prospective clients to determine eligibility for legal assistance.
Students interview respondents, enter data, analyze data, and prepare posters and papers.
Students interview scientists, write short articles.
Students interview senior citizens and write their biographies.
Students interview seniors about their most memorable friendship.
Students interview students on issues such as substance abuse and negative peer influence.
Students interview the managers of a local international business and research the company.
Students interview their oldest living relative.
Students interview tobacco users.
Students interview with a marketing professional.
Students interview with and are hired by prospective employers.
Students interviewing such people leads to a surprising variety of information and perspectives.
Students introduce each other using information from reading.
Students introduce Japan in both Japanese and English over the Internet.
Students introduce others to the class.
Students introduce their school.
Students introduce themselves and their objectives, careers and life experiences.
Students intuitively recognize the influence of movies in their lives.
Students invariably move from an ethnocentric position to varying degrees of empathy.
Students invariably see how the humanities provide added value to adult workers' lives.
Students invent a game or toy, design the packaging, and create an advertisement.
Students invent a mythological beastie as background to their studies.
Students invent a new audience profile which differs from the real one in a significant way.
Students invent a sense of who they are.
Students invent a 'smart' beeper.
Students invent devices or create activities that demonstrate how moving water can accomplish work.
Students invent new ways to use old items.
Students invent recipes for bird treats and mix the ingredients to create different combinations.
Students invest a lot of money in personal items such as books, laptops, cell phones and purses.
Students invest in a commodity educational trading fund.
Students invest in a lot of hard work and reap wonderful rewards.
Students invest many hours in serious creative pursuit of the arts disciplines.
Students invest virtual money in the stock market and compete with others from across the country.
Students investigate a broad range of materials and traditions.
Students investigate a few techniques.
Students investigate a previously unknown topic in mathematics, parametric equations.
Students investigate a problem through combined library and laboratory work.
Students investigate a range of theories and concepts in the breadth section.
Students investigate a recycling center and learn how glass, metal, and plastic are being recycled.
Students investigate a specific health problem in a community.
Students investigate a specific project of their own design as part of the course.
Students investigate a stream or pond using sampling techniques.
Students investigate a variety of animals that lived long ago.
Students investigate a variety of current political topics and issues.
Students investigate a variety of techniques for creating believable characters.
Students investigate a wide range of academic disciplines and campus student support services.
Students investigate a wide variety of source materials for performance projects.
Students investigate adaptations, inter-dependence and change in the nearby forest.
Students investigate air and how it is something that occupies space, has mass, and exerts pressure.
Students investigate algebraic structures such as groups, rings, and fields.
Students investigate an area of their special interest through an applied research project.
Students investigate and critically analyze a social problem of their choice.
Students investigate and document life in a vernal pool.
Students investigate and evaluate resources which support disease prevention and health promotion.
Students investigate and practice exercises, scene work, and audition material.
Students investigate and present current research problems.
Students investigate and then describe properties of soil.
Students investigate and understand how organisms are adapted to abiotic factors in a biome.
Students investigate and understand sources of energy and their transformation.
Students investigate areas of nutrition, physiology, anatomy, and reproduction.
Students investigate areas of potential clinical importance.
Students investigate art- related ideas, values, and activities within selected cultures and times.
Students investigate astronomy, with a minor emphasis on paleontology.
Students investigate biology through inquiry and real-life applications of the concepts.
Students investigate both external and internal factors influencing foreign policy.
Students investigate buying styles and patterns before the introduction of mass media.
Students investigate change of mass of the apple as a function of surface area.
Students investigate chosen well known landform and work on outline questions.
Students investigate circuitry by performing basic test procedures.
Students investigate classifications.
Students investigate collective bargaining as a dynamic, ongoing process.
Students investigate communicable diseases.
Students investigate concepts of power, obedience, loyalty, decision-making, justice, and survival.
Students investigate concepts of time, geologic scale, and the history of rocks.
Students investigate conductors, insulators, and charged objects.
Students investigate cork cells in the biolab.
Students investigate cratering by modeling the event by dropping rocks into flour.
Students investigate cultures different from their own.
Students investigate data from a variety of languages and language families.
Students investigate developments at either the elementary or secondary school level.
Students investigate different possible spacecraft orbits.
Students investigate different types of reproduction in plants.
Students investigate doubling time for each of the models.
Students investigate earthquake preparedness in their community.
Students investigate echoes and how sounds far away take time to arrive.
Students investigate electricity and magnetism as they make simple battery-powered electromagnets.
Students investigate electricity by studying parallel and series circuits and Ohm's Law.
Students investigate entrepreneurial skills needed to market community art pro-grammes.
Students investigate everything from energy-saving ideas to the design of alternative fuel vehicles.
Students investigate evolutionary trends within the major groups of organisms, including humans.
Students investigate factors that affect sleeping and dreaming patterns.
Students investigate fixtures and appliances in the home that use and potentially waste water.
Students investigate four water samples.
Students investigate freezing of pure liquids.
Students investigate future careers to map out a plan.
Students investigate future complex issues and seek solutions.
Students investigate global warming and the possible consequences.
Students investigate graphs without numbers.
Students investigate hearing range of whales .
Students investigate heat transfer in various metals using calorimetry.
Students investigate historical uses and experience in working with real-world scenarios.
Students investigate how charcoal is made.
Students investigate how different science careers are utilized in Wyoming industries.
Students investigate how much electrical energy the appliances in their homes use in a year.
Students investigate how public opinion is perceived and acted upon by society.
Students investigate how satellites are built, tested and operated.
Students investigate how the angle of incline affects the effort force.
Students investigate how the practice of ethics interfaces with nursing and health care.
Students investigate how the temperature affects the number of chirps a cricket makes in a minute.
Students investigate how theater arts and dramatic texts reinforce or challenge cultural norms.
Students investigate hurricanes and weather concepts.
Students investigate ideas through studio projects and gain expertise in all ceramic techniques.
Students investigate insect life cycles with fruit flies, cockroaches, etc.
Students investigate intercepts, slope, parallel and perpendicular lines.
Students investigate interesting bat characteristics and bat myths.
Students investigate Internet and so they can access many different organisations for actual data.
Students investigate internet resources and collect biographical and Medieval related information.
Students investigate issues with guidance from the teacher.
Students investigate issues, ideologies, strategies, tactics, and personalities.
Students investigate leadership from a philosophical, political, historical and social context.
Students investigate lessons.
Students investigate life cycles, energy, weather, animals, habitats, food webs, and much more.
Students investigate light and color using diffraction gratings and color filters.
Students investigate lines, polygons, and vectors, in both two and three dimensions.
Students investigate magnetism and gravity.
Students investigate making and using pinhole cameras.
Students investigate management and marketing in Latin America.
Students investigate mathematics guided by exploratory problems.
Students investigate meaningful forms, collect images and pursue the development of a visual idea.
Students investigate meteorological phenomena.
Students investigate methods of assessing behavioral change needs in the workplace.
Students investigate moving objects up a ramp.
Students investigate national and individual histories concerning prejudice and discrimination.
Students investigate neighborhood issues and develop strategies for advocacy and change.
Students investigate number patterns using their calculators.
Students investigate numeration systems in general, looking at place-value and bases.
Students investigate numerical, graphical, and algebraic representations of functions.
Students investigate nutrient cycles in the environment.
Students investigate one interesting property of the mineral calcite.
Students investigate organization management within the health care delivery system.
Students investigate own whakapapa to identify role models.
Students investigate ozone chemistry and issues around the preservation of the Earth's ozone layer.
Students investigate pairs, groups, and multiplication by two.
Students investigate patterns and identify relationships between numbers.
Students investigate perceptual drawing, sketchbook-diaries, and schematics.
Students investigate phenomena.
Students investigate photographs and read eyewitness accounts of immigrant life in America.
Students investigate photosynthesis.
Students investigate plant and animal life in and around a creek.
Students investigate population changes using mathematical methods.
Students investigate potential graduate programs by browsing through the web.
Students investigate principles and applications of cell biology.
Students investigate properties of oil mixed in water and listen to a story about an oil spill.
Students investigate questions leading to an understanding of the theme.
Students investigate ratio and proportion through a series of exercises and activities.
Students investigate robotics in a joint mini-unit between science and computer classes.
Students investigate selected states to find author birthplaces, museums, and literary settings.
Students investigate selected topics in the major areas under the direction of a faculty advisor.
Students investigate system design for air conditioning, and refrigeration.
Students investigate technically complex forming methods.
Students investigate temperatures in Oregon to see if the ocean has any effect.
Students investigate the basic concepts and principles of energy technology using guided-inquiry.
Students investigate the biology of animals by dissecting specimens of the various animal groups.
Students investigate the changing structure of Earth.
Students investigate the characteristics of given items.
Students investigate the composition, properties and reactions of matter.
Students investigate the composition, properties, and reactions of matter.
Students investigate the condensation of water vapor on the inside of a plastic cup.
Students investigate the current theories of identity and branding.
Students investigate the depletion of nonrenewable resources.
Students investigate the depth of wave motion.
Students investigate the design, structure, components, and uses for robotics.
Students investigate the different ways a number can be expressed as a sum of two addends.
Students investigate the diversity, adaptation and change of plants, animals, insects and birds.
Students investigate the dynamics of managing the selling function.
Students investigate the economic and business issues encountered in managing the global firm.
Students investigate the effect land clearing has on food webs.
Students investigate the effects of a rising watertable on the soil and plants in an area.
Students investigate the effects of disease on the human body and the community.
Students investigate the effects of environmental pollution on frogs.
Students investigate the effects of extreme cold on materials.
Students investigate the effects of extreme heat on materials.
Students investigate the effects of soil salinity on seed germination and plant growth.
Students investigate the foods people eat to determine what algae derivatives they contain.
Students investigate the formation of a new pop group or artist.
Students investigate the gallery, interpret artifacts and make bannock.
Students investigate the historical and philosophical development of geometry.
Students investigate the implications of using such a device.
Students investigate the influence of sports and present their findings.
Students investigate the information provided on star charts.
Students investigate the life cycles of both plants and animals.
Students investigate the many interest groups represented among their classmates and their families.
Students investigate the marine environment and the food chains that are present in the ocean.
Students investigate the materials from which objects are made.
Students investigate the motion of a car traveling on an inclined plane and along a flat surface.
Students investigate the nature, transmission and harmful effects of viruses.
Students investigate the objectives, functions, and management of business firms.
Students investigate the origin, movement and trends of hurricanes.
Students investigate the origins, development, history, function, and meaning of Jewish liturgy.
Students investigate the parts of the telescope and their function.
Students investigate the performance of contemporary music as the creation of an aesthetic entity.
Students investigate the phenomena of evaporation and condensation.
Students investigate the physical appearance, odor, texture, and weight of four different liquids.
Students investigate the physics of amusement park rides.
Students investigate the physics of camp stoves.
Students investigate the physiology and behavior of bats.
Students investigate the physiology and behavior of benthic animals.
Students investigate the physiology and behavior of mollusks.
Students investigate the power structure they know best a school.
Students investigate the properties and characteristics of parabolas.
Students investigate the properties of fabrics.
Students investigate the properties of integers and develop proofs of some of their properties.
Students investigate the properties of sounds produced by musical instruments.
Students investigate the properties of thin and thick hand held lenses.
Students investigate the quality of water samples found in their community.
Students investigate the relationship between form and content.
Students investigate the relationship between slope, arithmetic growth, and common difference.
Students investigate the rock cycle and identify sources of water in a watershed.
Students investigate the role of the principal from an instructional leadership perspective.
Students investigate the science behind the essays and novel that they read.
Students investigate the scope, content and organization of information sources.
Students investigate the secrets of the pen tool and the effective use and control of layers.
Students investigate the sources of energy and options available for human use.
Students investigate the structural and functional dynamics of cells.
Students investigate the three states of matter and the ways matter can be mixed and measured.
Students investigate the use of vaccinations to prevent viral diseases.
Students investigate the various energy sources used in space.
Students investigate the various jobs done by both men and women in the fur trade.
Students investigate the workings of parallel and series circuits.
Students investigate their family history to discover their ties to Kansas.
Students investigate their first five years.
Students investigate their habitats, food preferences, migration and habits.
Students investigate their hearing range as compared to a killer whale's.
Students investigate their hearing range.
Students investigate their own questions under the direction of a course director.
Students investigate their talents and career interests.
Students investigate their years from six to ten.
Students investigate theoretical and applied topics and present their findings.
Students investigate thermal, electrical, optical and other properties of the atmosphere.
Students investigate topics under faculty guidance.
Students investigate topics under the direction of a faculty member.
Students investigate tropical and arid adapted plants through hands-on activities.
Students investigate tropical butterflies and discuss current conservation issues.
Students investigate two types of pollution problems, one personal and one environmental.
Students investigate using simple equations to iterate patterns.
Students investigate various issues in an effort to make responsible choices.
Students investigate various marine environments using oceanographic techniques.
Students investigate velocity without acceleration and velocity with constant acceleration.
Students investigate ways to change pitch and volume by changing something in a sound system.
Students investigate what makes bones strong, measure their lung capacity, and much more.
Students investigate where it is warmer, in the sun or in the shade.
Students investigate, analyze and discuss current research related to the school community.
Students investigate, compose and edit finished magazine articles to be submitted for publication.
Students investigate, describe, and extend numerical and geometric patterns.
Students investigate, identify the characteristics of, and graph polynomial and rational functions.
Students investigate, question, and discuss past human achievements as illuminations of the present.
Students investigate, read, write about, and practice writing for nonacademic settings.
Students invite and host outstanding scientists to the campus.
Students invite faculty to dinner and participate in study groups and sports teams.
Students invite family, friends and industry representatives to see their work on the big screen.
Students invite friends.
Students invite their grandparents to school.
Students invite their parents to participate.
Students involve in activities.
Students involved believe the money spent was a good investment for the entire department.
Students involved come from many different backgrounds and churches.
Students involved in activities are also subject to local, state, and federal sanctions.
Students involved in apprenticeship programs enjoy many direct benefits.
Students involved in band or orchestra can also participate in choir.
Students involved in campus life, on the average, make better grades.
Students involved in Crossroads meet with their mentorees weekly for quality time and interaction.
Students involved in entertainment sometimes find it a challenge to get school work done.
Students involved in Greek letter organizations always strive harder.
Students involved in student activities have a better attendance record.
Students involved in such activities are subject to serious disciplinary action.
Students involved in such activities are subject to serious disciplinary actions.
Students involved in such activities face serious disciplinary action.
Students involved in such an arrangement can split the cost of the permit.
Students involved in such conduct or actions are subject to disciplinary action.
Students involved in the criminal justice system most readily request help.
Students involved in the program serve as mentors to students from a local elementary school.
Students involved in the project are at various levels of proficiency in English.
Students involved in the project get safety training in advance.
Students involved in the project learn a great deal about the election process.
Students involved in the projects are graduate level students currently enrolled in the program.
Students involved in theater regularly shift roles from one production to the next.
Students involved learn invaluable media, management, communication and technological skills.
Students involved then raise funds to finance that proposal and make it a reality.
Students involved with the television station agree that more power means more viewers.
Students iron out details of federal budget proposals.
Students is a grassroots organization.
Students is for our current and past students.
Students is learn what life was like on the busy Nile River.
Students is observed using a few study aids.
Students is one of our most important goals.
Students is one sent to only Students.
Students Is specifically for students.
Students is the indirect object.
Students is under construction.
Students ise the internet to research countries, currency, holidays, international cities and more.
Students isolate parts of speech in text and their own writing.
Students isolate their cheek cell DNA from a saline mouthwash.
Students issue equipment and maintain game uniforms.
Students jog two laps, then do stretching exercises.
Students join a cohort group and complete all the nursing classes together.
Students join a college club, they make friends, have fun, go on trips.
Students join a project with other students to plan a community on Mars.
Students join a research group and participate in research from the very beginning.
Students join a team and compete at a regional, state and national competition.
Students join American students in academic life activities and programs .
Students join another pair and retell their memory story.
Students join at the beginning of the school year by attending a meeting .
Students join classmates from other grade levels to rotate from activity to activity.
Students join each issue with a vertical line and a dot on the time line itself.
Students join engineering and medical colleges too.
Students join experienced missionaries for immersion into cross-cultural Christian mission training.
Students join for different reasons.
Students join fraternities and sororities for many reasons.
Students join in a wide variety of student clubs and activities.
Students join in by becoming characters and creating sound effects.
Students join in on the weaving process, using provided loom kits.
Students join in on words and phases.
Students join in reading story.
Students join in the middle school and are invited to return until graduation.
Students join multi-cultural study groups and attend classes in negotiations and marketing strategy.
Students join organizations because they like the students they find there.
Students join projects in time to help set up and conduct experiments.
Students join regular undergraduate classes and study alongside our own students.
Students join sport teams.
Students join teams.
Students join the discussion of a single topic in real time.
Students join the families for activities at home or in the community as time permits.
Students join the lab of their research adviser within the first year of the program.
Students join the program at different levels of knowledge, and work at different paces.
Students join the program between their junior and senior year in high school.
Students join the program in a variety of ways.
Students join the school's academic programme whilst developing their English language skills.
Students join to learn aspects of formal debate.
Students join together in a common bond.
Students join together in interest groups on topics ranging from philosophy to ping-pong.
Students join together in study groups where they plan and present topics of interest.
Students join together in their senior year to pledge a significant gift to the university.
Students join world wide discussion lists.
Students join, and stay members for a lifetime.
Students joining the program after the first year can make retroactive payments.
Students joining the team can earn academic credits in speech, as well as scholarship money.
Students jointly create a business plan as a team effort.
Students jostle into position at their workstations , logging on even before they sit down.
Students jot down positive and negative behaviors associated with love.
Students journal about their experiences.
Students journey along as a pioneer as the lesson progress.
Students journey outside their classrooms to interact with the world.
Students journey to two possible planets that surround dwarf stars.
Students judge each other too fast.
Students judge the credibility, reputation and quality of a program from their web site.
Students judge the pitch.
Students judge the plausibility of interpretations offered by themselves and others.
Students judge their own performance within an authentic framework.
Students judge their work with respect to the standards.
Students judge themselves.
Students judge weight of a white lead filled ping pong ball and a chunk of black foam.
Students jump from key to key to complete the activities.
Students jump from their chairs to retrieve homework from their bookbags.
Students jump into the curriculum when they enter the program.
Students jump rope and collect donations from family and friends.
Students jump to see how high they can make the music notes go.
Students just beginning college today have online options, though.
Students just call at the appointed time and enter a code for conference call.
Students just don t get that.
Students just download information indiscriminately, even if they started with questions.
Students just dread going up there.
Students just have to follow along as they journey from site to site.
Students just have to have the guts to get out there and try it.
Students just have to infer each sound from the pictures.
Students just have to look for it.
Students just have to memorize their notes.
Students just let out of school arrived and stood in clusters six deep.
Students just listen to the teacher's lecture.
Students just love it.
Students just love to debate and give their opinions.
Students just move to the computers when it s their time and return at the end of the period.
Students just rack up tickets.
Students just rise to that, they love it.
Students just seem to like trying to solve other people's real problems.
Students just seem to prefer new over old.
Students just send in more books and the list is updated.
Students just walk through here on their way to the dorms.
Students justify each response.
Students justify hacking into systems by saying that they are honing their programming skills.
Students K through sixth grade, plus staff, are able to exhibit some of their finest works.
Students keep a brief response journal.
Students keep a daily field notebook during the trip and present a final report.
Students keep a daily journal and complete a work portfolio.
Students keep a daily journal on what they are learning.
Students keep a daily record of the temperature both inside and outside the classroom.
Students keep a dairy of their experiences.
Students keep a diary of expenses to track their spending and examine their opportunity costs.
Students keep a diary of their activities for one week.
Students keep a journal and a log and discuss their experiences during weekly reflective seminars.
Students keep a journal and a portfolio of work and arrange for a supervisor's letter.
Students keep a journal and complete a comprehensive final exam.
Students keep a journal and participate in three seminars to round out the internship experience.
Students keep a journal and write evaluative papers.
Students keep a journal and write several short papers.
Students keep a journal describing what they accomplished for the day, what they learned.
Students keep a journal during classes to express their observations of the dogs and the program.
Students keep a journal during the trip and complete assignments once the class returns.
Students keep a journal each week recording both their feelings and what they have been doing.
Students keep a journal in which they record details about the plays and classes.
Students keep a journal of their observations and provide a final report.
Students keep a journal of their tutorial assignments and experiences.
Students keep a journal on current news coverage of science issues that have ethical dimensions.
Students keep a journal recording the day and time spent and how much was accomplished.
Students keep a journal recording their findings and art projects throughout the week.
Students keep a journal summarizing the weekly activities.
Students keep a journal that is evaluated after the final program.
Students keep a journal to examine experiences and their relationship to the program.
Students keep a journal to note their progress.
Students keep a journal while they are on the trip.
Students keep a journal with drawings showing what is happening to the eggs.
Students keep a journal with sketches and writings.
Students keep a journal, design projects, and write several papers and two essay exams.
Students keep a journal, write papers, and discuss service in class.
Students keep a list of key words and their source.
Students keep a log of all educational activities, work schedule and completed objectives.
Students keep a log of their activities and copies of written work submitted to their judge.
Students keep a log of Web sights they visit and the information found.
Students keep a log of words from their reading which are unknown.
Students keep a log, over the next week, of the movies and television shows that they view.
Students keep a monthly record of their height and record the data collected on a bulletin board.
Students keep a notebook and sketchbooks.
Students keep a personal diet diary and make calculations of nutrient intake.
Students keep a physical activity diary for one week.
Students keep a portfolio of drawings done at the beginning and end of each school year.
Students keep a process journal of reflections on their work.
Students keep a reading journal and write two papers.
Students keep a reading journal that provides an opportunity for personal reflection and analysis.
Students keep a reading log and comment on the type of stories read.
Students keep a reading log and write take-home midterm and final exams.
Students keep a record of each gymnastic movement they are able to perform.
Students keep a record of the total amounts spent for all categories.
Students keep a record of work achieved in a log book.
Students keep a record that shows they have met the standards for newly qualified teachers.
Students keep a science journal including drawings of what the seeds look like each day.
Students keep a special poetry excercise book or folio.
Students keep a visual journal that gives form to found and produced images and ideas.
Students keep a weekly journal about what they have learned.
Students keep a weekly journal and respond to prompts given by the instructor.
Students keep a weekly journal of experiences.
Students keep a workbook for related research assignments, preparation, and experimentation.
Students keep a written account of what is accomplished.
Students keep a written journal of their thoughts, studies and experiences.
Students keep all homework and notes in their notebook.
Students keep all items made in class.
Students keep all of their work for the quarter in the appropriate section of the notebook.
Students keep all work in a Bible portfolio.
Students keep an analytic journal of their internship experiences and course material.
Students keep an extensive journal, in which they reflect on the issues raised by the course.
Students keep an eye on things like contamination and vegetation.
Students keep cases until they are done, even if the semester has ended.
Students keep coming back.
Students keep copies of exams faced down until told to proceed with next step.
Students keep corrected pages for review and read their senator report to a partner.
Students keep design notebooks, present team project results, and write an integrative paper.
Students keep design notebooks, present the results of team projects and write an integrative paper.
Students keep detailed notes.
Students keep each other on task and share a sense of accomplishment.
Students keep electronic copies of their email messages also.
Students keep field notebooks and write reports on their work.
Students keep hands, feet and objects to oneself.
Students keep in touch with their instructor by telephone or e-mail.
Students keep in touch with their instructors primarily through phone calls.
Students keep in touch with tutors by mail, E-mail or phone.
Students keep journals and complete community service.
Students keep journals and develop wellness programs.
Students keep journals and report about performances they've seen and events they've noticed.
Students keep journals describing their successes and difficulties in realizing their solutions.
Students keep journals describing what they have learned.
Students keep journals in addition to the exams and oral presentations.
Students keep journals in which they record observations, design charts, and develop graphs.
Students keep journals instead of using traditional textbooks.
Students keep journals of responses to their readings and reflect on what they have read.
Students keep journals of the feeding and crying time.
Students keep journals of their experiences and expenses.
Students keep journals, analyze performances, develop scenes.
Students keep journals, write rap songs and produce videos to share their new skills.
Students keep journals, write stories, speeches, plays and poetry.
Students keep laboratory notebooks, which also serve as laboratory reports.
Students keep learning logs of their activities each day.
Students keep logs of their experiences and submit service reports summarizing each rotation.
Students keep logs of their experiences.
Students keep notebooks containing specific assignments.
Students keep notes in a fieldbook which is saved to the local hard drive.
Students keep portfolios for each class throughout the year in preparation for the conferences.
Students keep portfolios of their work.
Students keep reading journals and produce written and oral presentations on their reading.
Students keep reading journals, write essays, and conduct research.
Students keep records as to hours worked, type of work activities performed and wages.
Students keep reflective journals and apply concepts and skills learned in class.
Students keep regular records of the project status in their journals.
Students keep resume current each semester.
Students keep samples of their carded wool.
Students keep spelling dictionary of words they want to learn how to spell.
Students keep tabs on each other, as well, both socially and academically.
Students keep teachers keen.
Students keep the copy they receive.
Students keep the fitness center running and the office staff typing.
Students keep the library going and the food service serving.
Students keep the same locker for the duration of their high school experience.
Students keep their cap and tassel, but return their gown immediately after commencement.
Students keep their computer upon graduation.
Students keep their exam booklet for the review, but return the booklet when they are finished.
Students keep their hands to themselves while moving in the hallways.
Students keep their highest score.
Students keep their job, building experience while finishing a degree.
Students keep their motors.
Students keep their own journal during the trip, carrying out weekly writing assignments.
Students keep their own list of words.
Students keep their own progress record on a colored coded, numbered tally.
Students keep their paper hidden and their year secret , but they can talk about the technology.
Students keep their tickets by being academically responsible.
Students keep timesheets and are evaluated by their site supervisor.
Students keep track of the books they read or listen to weekly.
Students keep track of the hours they spend on their selected service and co-curricular activities.
Students keep track of the number of throws needed to finish the course.
Students keep track of the stocks over a fixed period of time using a spreadsheet.
Students keep track of their entire households use of water.
Students keep track of their own grade as it builds throughout the unit.
Students keep track of their own grades.
Students keep track of their progress and develop an appreciation for weight training.
Students keep travel journals, produce short travel essays, and read selected travel writers.
Students keep up with their work.
Students keep weekly journals.
Students keep writing journals and reading logs.
Students key out and identify winter twigs by their color, size, shape, bud pattern and thorns.
Students key out each sample and record the path on their worksheet.
Students kick to the other side and a team member takes it to their opposite side.
Students killing students do so because they reject the values of a humane social order.
Students kindergarten age and older are mainstreamed, if possible, with the help of resource rooms.
Students knead clay, roll it into coils, score it and create pottery using the coils.
Students kneel in silence along the walls of a quiet room.
Students kneel on the floor.
Students knock off small flakes from a core to use as blades.
Students knock themselves silly over a grade.
Students know a basic sight vocabulary.
Students know a librarian can assist in forming a focus.
Students know about letters, words, and sounds.
Students know about p and the formulas for the circumference and area of a circle.
Students know about pi and the formulas for the circumference and area of a circle.
Students know about the power of language to influence.
Students Know about the topic.
Students know all about fast food.
Students know an inherited trait can be determined by one or more genes.
Students know and apply materials, techniques and processes.
Students know and apply visual arts materials, techniques and processes.
Students know and apply visual arts materials, techniques, and processes.
Students know and apply visual arts materials, tools, techniques, and processes.
Students know and apply visual arts media, techniques, and processes.
Students know and apply visual arts, materials, tools, techniques, and processes.
Students know and are able to use the triangle inequality theorem.
Students know and have access to technology.
Students know and respect school rules and policies.
Students know and understand common properties, forms and changes in matter and energy.
Students know and understand common properties, forms, and changes in matter and energy .
Students know and understand common properties, forms, and changes in matter and energy.
Students know and understand common properties, forms, and interactions of matter and energy.
Students know and understand concepts related to health promotion and disease prevention.
Students know and understand how physical processes shape earth s surface patterns and systems.
Students know and understand how to use the processes and resources of historical inquiry.
Students know and understand that societies are diverse and have changed over time.
Students know and understand the benefits of community service.
Students know and understand ways that science, technology, and human activity can affect the world.
Students know better than anyone else what is going on in their school.
Students know both what to say and how to do it in a culturally appropriate manner.
Students know classes.
Students know components.
Students know concepts.
Students know differences.
Students know each other and help one another in their classwork and outside work.
Students know each other from other campuses and disciplines.
Students know ecosystems can be characterized by their living and nonliving components.
Students know electrical energy can be converted to heat, light, and motion.
Students know energy resources.
Students know English is necessary for getting a good job.
Students know exactly what the problem is, and know when they have gotten the right answer.
Students know exactly what they have to do and what they're going to be tested on.
Students know expectations in advance and can direct their studies to meet the requirements.
Students know faculty personally.
Students know flowers and fruits are associated with reproduction in plants.
Students know from the first day of classes the dates of the mid-term in the course.
Students know from the outset what the expectations are.
Students know how and where to obtain help both in their home community and once away at college.
Students know how they are evaluated and can set personal learning goals.
Students know how to be a friend to others.
Students know how to compose a grammatically correct paragraph that conveys a point.
Students know how to design and carry out a scientific experiment.
Students know how to enhance their personal safety through good decision-making and planning.
Students know how to factor small whole numbers.
Students know how to find one another.
Students know how to get help.
Students know how to go about making sense of unfamiliar things.
Students know how to have fun, act on enthusiasms, and take up new interests.
Students know how to identify major structures of common plants and animals.
Students know how to infer what animals eat from the shapes of their teeth.
Students know how to manipulate equations .
Students know how to manipulate equations.
Students know how to measure using a meter stick.
Students know how to move and how to make objects move.
Students know how to send email.
Students know how to solve all sorts of difficult problems in ordinary life.
Students know how to spread the quiet signal to others.
Students know how to synthesize, process, and heat-treat glasses.
Students know how to use appropriate technologies, such as CD-ROM encyclopedias, as research tools.
Students know how to use presentation software to create reports and presentations.
Students know how to use the electronic and print resources materials.
Students know how to use the process and resources of historical inquiry.
Students know how to use the processes and resources of historical inquiry.
Students know how to use various processes and resources of historical inquiry.
Students know if they possess drugs at school, chances are very good they'll be caught.
Students know impact.
Students know in advance what they have to do to achieve a certain level.
Students know individuals.
Students know it, faculty know it.
Students know kinds.
Students know learning comes first.
Students know magnets can be used to make some objects move without being touched.
Students know many characteristics of an organism are inherited from the parents.
Students know materials.
Students know matter.
Students know methods.
Students know more about computers than their teachers do.
Students know motion.
Students know multiplication.
Students know or identify chaperone before getting on the bus.
Students know patterns.
Students know people.
Students know plants.
Students know pollution is a problem in some places.
Students know problems.
Students know rain forests and deserts on Earth are distributed in bands at specific latitudes.
Students know resources.
Students know scientific problems.
Students know sexual reproduction produces offspring that inherit half their genes from each parent.
Students know smaller rocks come from the breakage and weathering of larger rocks.
Students know something about the differences.
Students know sunlight can be blocked to create shadows.
Students know survival.
Students know that as multicellular organisms develop, their cells differentiate.
Students know that criminals and debtors are used in the arenas as gladiators, and typically die.
Students know that critique is part of the process of improvement and team building.
Students know that death is no escape, and so no threat either.
Students know that diversity is important.
Students know that ecosystems can be characterized by their living and non-living components.
Students know that evaluations of academic work are affected when dishonesty is ignored.
Students know that fighting on the school grounds results in an automatic suspension.
Students know that if there is a fight between two or more students, the banner comes down.
Students know that keeping up with personal correspondence is another nagging yet imperative duty.
Students know that living organisms are composed of just a few elements.
Students know that many required courses are simply make-work welfare programs for the university.
Students know that mathematical ideas can be represented concretely, graphically and symbolically.
Students know that particular trait well.
Students know that punctuality is a first step towards learning.
Students know that religious and philosophical ideas have been powerful forces throughout history.
Students know that searching is a process.
Students know that someone cares about what they learn.
Students know that sunlight can be blocked to create shadows.
Students know that the odds favor disappointment.
Students know that theories and aplications in mathematical work influence each other.
Students know that there is more to universities than what's on the screen.
Students know that they are each responsible for their own education.
Students know that they are setting themselves up for a fall if their evaluations are unrealistic.
Students know that they are smart and recognize the talents of others.
Students know that they can do more than just take x-rays.
Students know that they have only one chance.
Students know that they have to be educated.
Students know that they have to read at home to be able to answer the questions.
Students know that they're facing a dead end.
Students know that videogames can keep track of their names and their score.
Students know that, above all, SDJA honors their individuality.
Students know the administration of the school is preoccupied with test scores.
Students know the basic components of writing an informative letter.
Students know the basics of e-mail and web browser operations.
Students know the benefits of sugar cane to animals and human.
Students know the carbon cycle of photosynthesis and respiration and the nitrogen cycle.
Students know the concept of angle measurement and use a protractor and compass in solving problems.
Students know the concept of angle measurement and use a protractor and compass to solve problems.
Students know the definitions of the inverse trigonometric functions, and can graph the functions.
Students know the difference.
Students know the evidence for the existence of planets orbiting other stars.
Students know the evidence indicating that the planets are much closer to Earth than the stars are.
Students know the exits through the fire drill procedures.
Students know the faculty and administration, that's fabulous.
Students know the general chronological order of events and people in history.
Students know the hazards resulting from such activities.
Students know the kinds of forces that exist between objects and within atoms.
Students know the methods for structural characterization of amorphous materials.
Students know the origin and effects of temperature inversions.
Students know the pattern now.
Students know the principal structures that form at the three different kinds of plate boundaries.
Students know the properties of and compute with rational numbers expressed in a variety of forms.
Students know the results of their test or quiz immediately.
Students know the rules for good behavior.
Students know the situation is out of hand.
Students know the statement of and can apply the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra.
Students know the subject but are unable to use it in any practical way.
Students know the sun is one of many stars in our own Milky Way galaxy.
Students know the task or know the requirements of the assignment.
Students know the thermal structure and chemical composition of the atmosphere.
Students know the way to change how something is moving is by giving it a push or a pull.
Students know their carpool number.
Students know their own strengths and weaknesses.
Students know their own study habits and level of motivation better than any advisor.
Students know their partner, how to work in pairs at the computer.
Students know their teachers and have easy access to their faculty advisers.
Students know their test scores within seconds after they submit the test.
Students know their way around the city.
Students know theories.
Students know there are stakes attached to how well they do.
Students know there is variation among individuals of one kind within a population.
Students know they are an integral part of our school community.
Students know they are being judged by what they write.
Students know they are free to make choices about how they behave.
Students know they are learning from credible, authoritative professors.
Students know they are more employable with a degree.
Students know they are on the right track if they can fill in the entire form.
Students know they can change the world.
Students know they can see a familiar and friendly face when they visit the library on their own.
Students know to find three people in their group as quickly as they can.
Students know up front that the courses are based on the Bible.
Students know vector multiplication.
Students know very little about collecting or using census data.
Students know what is a right angle, and a right triangle.
Students know what makes a story a fairy tale or a folk tale.
Students know what plagiarism is, how to avoid it, and the consequences for violations.
Students know what student places are like.
Students know what students best respond to.
Students know what the teacher expects.
Students know what their goals are better than anyone.
Students know what they are getting.
Students know what they are to do.
Students know what they are trying to accomplish, and the final project demonstrates what they know.
Students know what they want better than anyone else does.
Students know what they want to do with the computer.
Students know what they want.
Students know what to do when they have completed assigned tasks.
Students know what to do, where to go, and how to get there.
Students know what to expect from their teacher and know the rules and procedures for the classroom.
Students know what's happening.
Students know when be are being genuine.
Students know when faculty want to be there and when they're excited about the material.
Students know when teachers are sincere about what they are teaching.
Students know when the environment changes, some plants and animals survive and reproduce.
Students know when they are working below their ability level.
Students know when they did a good job.
Students know when they have gone too far.
Students know when they're learning.
Students know when they're slipping toward popcorn removal.
Students know when they've really done work and earned rewards.
Students know where their books are, teachers can keep track if any damage is done to the books.
Students know where to get help.
Students know which classes are worthless and which are excellent.
Students know who does what and when.
Students know who they have to perform for.
Students know, so there are no surprises.
Students knows the relationship between carrying capacity and changes in populations and ecosystems.
Students knows the sources and flow of energy through an environmental system.
Students label each collection with the number card that tells how many objects are in it.
Students label each nation.
Students label each page as rough, scratchy, bumpy, soft, smooth, etc.
Students label each part of the conclusion.
Students label each plant and animal in their drawing.
Students label one circle as hot foods and the second as c old foods .
Students label the four compass roses.
Students label the nonliving things.
Students label the oceans of the world.
Students label the organ they drew using labeled pictures from the writing center.
Students label the sections and a picture representing each season.
Students label their illustration with the correctly spelled word.
Students label their illustration with the word.
Students label their picture.
Students label their results with the name of the unit.
Students lack an adequate vocabulary, and their immediate comprehension is limited.
Students lack an experience of community.
Students lack confidence.
Students lack direction at the university level.
Students lack estimation skills.
Students lack experience.
Students lack experiences that demonstrate scientific principles.
Students lack firsthand contact with public officials in city, county, and state government.
Students lack large multi-purpose spaces for receptions, parties, and formal dances.
Students lack opportunities to apply classroom civics lessons to real problems.
Students lack research skills.
Students lack the study habits and skills.
Students lack the wisdom and experience to evaluate the effectiveness of their current instructors.
Students lack time with classes, work, organizations and other activities filling the day.
Students lacking one or more prerequisite courses can make up deficiencies after admission.
Students lacking proficiency in Hebrew attend the intensive summer program in Hebrew.
Students lag behind.
Students landscape natural areas around the school and participate in cleanup projects.
Students largely fail to take advantage of program.
Students late register according to the following timetable.
Students later gather in self-selected small groups with whom participants share a common bond.
Students later take two core subjects in architectural computing.
Students later team with an attorney for each mediation session.
Students laugh about bulimia and stick a finger down their throats as if they're vomiting.
Students laugh as they discover an amusing way to get to know each other.
Students laugh, learn, meet one another and explore difficult topics with ease.
Students laugh, run and tease each other in the halls.
Students launch CD-ROM interactive science magazine for elementary students.
Students launch Internet start-up.
Students launch their completed canoes on local lakes.
Students launch their rockets and then measure their speed and maximum altitude.
Students layout the design of their presentation, insert action buttons and transitions.
Students lead a class section of a lower-division linguistics course.
Students lead a discussion with classmates on ethical issues on a health care profession.
Students lead a very disciplined life.
Students lead activities with kids from the neighbourhood.
Students lead and participate in worship in the classroom as well as our corporate worship.
Students lead busy life.
Students lead by being internally motivated.
Students lead by learning how to work with others.
Students lead discussion groups with faculty guidance.
Students lead discussions and present articles from relevant primary literature.
Students lead discussions on papers and topics of interest.
Students lead discussions on their research at weekly lunchtime talks during the spring semester.
Students lead discussions to determine an agenda and tasks.
Students lead discussions when no speaker is scheduled.
Students lead individual sessions and evaluate research findings.
Students lead life.
Students lead or co-lead a group of children or adults.
Students lead our building in our re- cycling efforts and our curriculum garden.
Students lead portfolio and report card conferences for parents.
Students lead the flocks serving as facilitators, rather than teachers.
Students lead the horse between two padded gates, and the calculated dose is injected.
Students lead the seminar.
Students lead the tours, and they conduct the research, design, and construction of new exhibits.
Students lead the way.
Students lead their own parent conferences.
Students lead tours.
Students lead vastly different lifestyles than individuals did ten to twenty years ago.
Students lead weekly discussions on course readings.
Students lean how to look-up information on the Internet.
Students lean through boating.
Students lean to trust and be trusted through opportunities to take ownership.
Students learn a basic format for lesson planning.
Students learn a basic introduction to ballet, tap and creative movement.
Students learn a brief summary of background information about the river.
Students learn a computerized statistical package.
Students learn a decision-making process and how to identify their opportunity cost.
Students learn a firm foundation from which to build their acting abilities.
Students learn a foreign language in elementary school.
Students learn a general understanding of molecular, cellular, and systemic biology.
Students learn a great deal about fitness development and goal setting.
Students learn a great deal about history outside of school.
Students learn a great deal about how our government operates.
Students learn a great deal about the field of molecular systematics and conservation genetics.
Students learn a great deal from each other and in informal discussions with faculty.
Students learn a great deal from each other.
Students learn a great deal from their interaction with each other.
Students learn a healing meditation using the master symbol.
Students learn a high level of problem solving ability with practical applications.
Students learn a high-level programming language as a major part of the course.
Students learn a huge range of skills and activities in their first year.
Students learn a language more quickly and more easily if they are comfortable and secure.
Students learn a lot about essay writing from looking closely at an example.
Students learn a lot about raptors, mammals, and other hurt and sick wildlife.
Students learn a lot about themselves and the importance of teamwork.
Students learn a lot and have fun doing it.
Students learn a lot by hands-on colour matching.
Students learn a lot from each other.
Students learn a lot more through that collaboration because everyone has a different perspective.
Students learn a new language intensively in the first and second years of their program.
Students learn a new logical approach and build powerful applications, such as expert systems.
Students learn a number of positive lessons while at college.
Students learn a number of social skills through the class-meeting process.
Students learn a number of the most-used languages, as well as related system concepts.
Students learn a process for planning their lives and careers.
Students learn a programming language and various programming techniques.
Students learn a range of lawyers' skills and develop professional commitment and ethical standards.
Students learn a relationship with the numbers.
Students learn a second language for a variety of personal and professional reasons.
Students learn a specialized vocabulary dealing with all aspects of business.
Students learn a substantial vocabulary for figures of speech and rhetorical schemes.
Students learn a suite of classification algorithms and concepts of bias-variance tradeoff.
Students learn a total of six word family members per lesson.
Students learn a valuable work skill as well.
Students learn a valuing process to use in their personal lives.
Students learn a variety of commands as they word process their story.
Students learn a variety of dance arrangements in class.
Students learn a variety of drawing techniques as they sketch from works of art in the galleries.
Students learn a variety of methods for conducting a job search, including using the Internet.
Students learn a variety of methods for scene preparation to apply to their own acting process.
Students learn a variety of musical styles, including classical, jazz and pop.
Students learn a variety of observation tools and recording strategies.
Students learn a variety of procedures, but each end the same way.
Students learn a variety of professional scientific techniques for cleaning and repairing specimens.
Students learn a variety of skills through a series of experiential learning projects.
Students learn a variety of techniques for helping children understand and utilize math concepts.
Students learn a variety of techniques for the voice and body.
Students learn a variety of technologies offered by automotive vehicle manufacturers.
Students learn a variety of things during math class.
Students learn a variety of useful skills that are required to write clear and unambiguous papers.
Students learn a variety of ways to assess, monitor and foster literacy progress.
Students learn a violence-free pledge.
Students learn a visual approach to percents and decimals.
Students learn a vocabulary of steps and have opportunities to choreograph their own dances.
Students learn a wide range of statistical and quality methods with application to industry.
Students learn a wide range of technical, procedural and administrative skills.
Students learn a wide variety of programs.
Students learn about a country's economics, sociology, language and culture over six to eight weeks.
Students learn about a sunflower and other plants through observation, estimation, and counting.
Students learn about a variety of animal life, their habitats and their needs.
Students learn about a variety of careers from presenters living in the community.
Students learn about a variety of ecosystems around the world.
Students learn about a variety of painting supports and prepare a surface with a gesso ground.
Students learn about a variety of team and individual sports.
Students learn about a wide range of teacher utilities and their applications in school.
Students learn about acceptable manuscript practices and market opportunities.
Students learn about activities and develop skills for participation in lifetime sports.
Students learn about advertising, sales, accounting, marketing research, economics, and retailing.
Students learn about alternative assessment through first hand experience.
Students learn about America's maritime heritage, occupations that refer to the theme.
Students learn about an animal preservation project.
Students learn about anatomy, reproduction and STDs in health and science classes.
Students learn about ancient rock art and contemporary x-ray style and dot painting.
Students learn about and apply conflict resolution skills on a global scale.
Students learn about and help develop the use of various experimental new media tools in journalism.
Students learn about and read folklore, myth, fable, drama and plays.
Students learn about and through their community by being active participants in that community.
Students learn about and use CAI in their music theory course sequence.
Students learn about and use high performance computing and communications resources.
Students learn about and work on both domestic and imported vehicles.
Students learn about animal and plantlife, underwater plane wrecks, and ship wrecks.
Students learn about animal behaviors, and study lightning.
Students learn about animals that live in trees.
Students learn about animals, plants, and the ocean habitat.
Students learn about animals.
Students learn about aquatic life.
Students learn about architecture, urban systems, preservation, and planning issues.
Students learn about art and save the colour paintings of the world.
Students learn about art and themselves when led to collaborate using murals.
Students learn about art by seeing and making it.
Students learn about art through interactive projects rather than listening to lectures.
Students learn about artists and their art work as well as specific periods in art history.
Students learn about artists and what artists create.
Students learn about ashing of plant tissue in a high temperature muffle furnace.
Students learn about atomic theories.
Students learn about atoms, molecules, and chemical reactions.
Students learn about authors and illustrators, recycling and homelessness, and the history of books.
Students learn about bats.
Students learn about beliefs and values and setting goals.
Students learn about biology.
Students learn about bird habitat while identifying the birds at Benton Lake.
Students learn about blending and shading.
Students learn about braille and the braille production process.
Students learn about breeds and their characteristics.
Students learn about business firsthand as they become zoo managers and make business decisions.
Students learn about business first-hand as they become zoo managers and make business decisions.
Students learn about butterflies.
Students learn about camouflage as they study polar bears and their habitat.
Students learn about carbon-producing pollution and use vinegar to test for carbonates.
Students learn about careers and college opportunities through real-life experiences .
Students learn about careers and college opportunities through real-life experiences.
Students learn about careers and college through real-life experience.
Students learn about careers and interests using campus resources.
Students learn about caterpillars.
Students learn about cheetah conservation efforts.
Students learn about chemical health and wellness programs on campus.
Students learn about children s concepts of the content at the other level.
Students learn about circles and measurement by designing spinners.
Students learn about citizenship, resistance, and discrimination as well.
Students learn about civilian and military lifestyles during the Civil War.
Students learn about cloud formation, humidity, precipitation, and the water cycle.
Students learn about coffee beans.
Students learn about collecting insects, life cycles and body parts.
Students learn about college expectations and requirements.
Students learn about color, design, technique and subject matter.
Students learn about comets and combine a variety of virtual substances to create comets.
Students learn about common visual disorders and diseases.
Students learn about composers and performance practice from many different music periods.
Students learn about composers by listening to their music and hearing stories about their lives.
Students learn about computer hardware and how it functions with a n operating system.
Students learn about computer hardware and how it functions with an operating system.
Students learn about computer maintenance, hardware and software.
Students learn about computers, technological issues, applications, and programming concepts.
Students learn about concepts.
Students learn about condoms and other contraceptives in the eighth grade.
Students learn about conduction.
Students learn about confidence intervals.
Students learn about conflict resolution, personal financial management, and health and fitness.
Students learn about conservation of momentum and apply the theory to analyze collisions.
Students learn about contemporary challenges from senior industry executives.
Students learn about cooking, child development, sewing, and how to use nutrition wisely.
Students learn about crime prevention in private classes.
Students learn about cultural diversity as they plan a trip to another country.
Students learn about current advances in many frontier areas of biology.
Students learn about current affairs and how government works.
Students learn about current methods and techniques of placement and employer development.
Students learn about customs, traditions, and culture of Japan, as well as history and geography.
Students learn about dairy, beef, sheep, and grain production.
Students learn about defamation, contempt of court, communications law and other legal issues.
Students learn about different artists and their techniques as well.
Students learn about different careers and the training involved.
Students learn about different cultures from each other .
Students learn about different disabilities through various presentations.
Students learn about different elements of the newspaper.
Students learn about different holiday symbols.
Students learn about different job categories, responsibilities of workers and basic job behaviors.
Students learn about different kinds of diseases that infect different systems.
Students learn about different programming languages.
Students learn about different types of maps and the use of a map grid.
Students learn about dinosaur anatomy, movement, senses, feeding, and attack and defense skills.
Students learn about disputing.
Students learn about distant places with exotic names.
Students learn about DNA fingerprinting.
Students learn about dramatic art through the experience of making and being in a role.
Students learn about drug abuse prevention.
Students learn about drugs, alcohol, and tobacco.
Students learn about DSS through a variety of avenues.
Students learn about each creature as the teacher shares related children's literature.
Students learn about each other's country and culture.
Students learn about each others programs and discover opportunities for collaboration.
Students learn about earthquake preparedness.
Students learn about ecological concepts.
Students learn about ecology and the importance of protecting our natural environment.
Students learn about economic systems and analyze economic policy.
Students learn about economics as they manage their second grade money and shop at the class store.
Students learn about economics, social studies, communication, mathematics, and problem solving.
Students learn about ecosystems and food webs as they help save money for their school.
Students learn about effects of eruption on animals through a cooperative learning activity.
Students learn about electrical, thermal, hydraulic and mechanical transducers.
Students learn about electricity and how it works.
Students learn about electrostatic charges by making sparks.
Students learn about elephants.
Students learn about email, scheduling, notification and calendars.
Students learn about energy.
Students learn about engineering diagrams and flat patterns.
Students learn about environmental audits, monitoring, and management of practical solutions.
Students learn about environmental conservation through taking excursions.
Students learn about equivalent fractions by sharing their favorite cookies.
Students learn about establishment, care, and maintenance of ornamental trees, shrubs and vines.
Students learn about Europe, including areas in the former Soviet Union.
Students learn about events in history using files from the Internet or CDs.
Students learn about explorers and the making of the new world.
Students learn about eye anatomy.
Students learn about farm and zoo animals.
Students learn about financial statements for merchandising, manufacturing, and service companies.
Students learn about fire safety and assist with fire drills each month.
Students learn about fire safety, fire suppression, first aid, and rescue techniques.
Students learn about fish using observation.
Students learn about food and fiber through taste and touch.
Students learn about food behavior, culture and cuisine of people from various countries.
Students learn about food-they study nutrition and food planning and preparation.
Students learn about force, using baseball as a item of interest.
Students learn about formats for multimedia and web use.
Students learn about fossil fuels, environmental protection, and policy development.
Students learn about fractions and decimals.
Students learn about fractions while measuring ingredients to make clay.
Students learn about functional resumes that categorize skills and highlight achievements.
Students learn about generators and motors.
Students learn about geographic information systems' interaction with cartography.
Students learn about geological techniques used to develop our understanding of the earth.
Students learn about geology, biology and the human role in environmental change.
Students learn about geometric shapes as well as color names in the Shapes and Sizes activity.
Students learn about gerbils.
Students learn about global ecology concepts with powerful images.
Students learn about goal setting and about performing responsible community service.
Students learn about gods and legends of many different backgrounds and cultures.
Students learn about government regulations, consumer organizations, and reliable referral sources.
Students learn about graphing and other math concepts through a lesson on perspective.
Students learn about gravity, mass, and weight by calculating their weights on various planets.
Students learn about group dynamics and development.
Students learn about group dynamics and the purpose of groups, and form study teams.
Students learn about growth.
Students learn about habitats, geology, energy cycles and food webs.
Students learn about health and physiology through lab experiments.
Students learn about health changes, psychological and social needs for the older adult.
Students learn about health, nature, and technology.
Students learn about herbivores.
Students learn about how electronic and optical devices are built of compound semiconductors.
Students learn about how photos are stored and the importance it has in our history.
Students learn about how school systems work and common roles and functions of school psychologists.
Students learn about how to apply computers to business problems.
Students learn about how to predict weather by reading the clouds.
Students learn about how various parts work together to support life.
Students learn about human behavior such as prejudice and discrimination .
Students learn about human commonalities amidst their differences.
Students learn about human resources, capital resources, and investment in human capital.
Students learn about hydrology and water samples.
Students learn about illustration, lettering, typography, silkscreen, poster design, etc.
Students learn about image formation by plane and concave mirrors, then by convex lenses.
Students learn about improving results by using higher-fidelity models.
Students learn about industries and career paths from each other.
Students learn about insect anatomy by comparing and contrasting it to their own.
Students learn about installing, configuring, upgrading and repairing PCs.
Students learn about insulation, explorers' foods, and following an expedition map.
Students learn about interactions within cheetah society.
Students learn about interrelationships, ecosystems, water usage, and human impact on wetlands.
Students learn about intonation and liaison.
Students learn about ionic, covalent, and metallic bonds and about how to predict bond type.
Students learn about it, write about it, then add it to their booklets.
Students learn about it.
Students learn about Japanese culture while exploring their own lives and discovering similarities.
Students learn about Jewish heritage, culture, holidays, and social responsibility and justice.
Students learn about job responsibilities in the hospital.
Students learn about kinetic energy.
Students learn about ladybug body structure, life cycle, defensive behavior, and foods.
Students learn about land and ocean animals.
Students learn about land use planning, built environments, and cooperative living habitats.
Students learn about language in general, literature, as well as culture.
Students learn about Latin jazz as introduced by a Spanish speaking musician.
Students learn about latitude and longitude, and the principles of navigation.
Students learn about law enforcement careers.
Students learn about laws and the legal system and how it affects their lives.
Students learn about licensing, sales, research, programming and federal regulations.
Students learn about licensing, sales, research, programming, and federal regulations.
Students learn about life in the sea.
Students learn about lions.
Students learn about literature, history, math and the humanities by studying and doing theater.
Students learn about love .
Students learn about major painters and sculptors while developing visual literacy.
Students learn about making decisions, consumer issues, personal values, career options, and more.
Students learn about managing the desktop, program manager and an introduction to file management.
Students learn about many modern devices, from simple digital watches to complex microprocessors.
Students learn about medicines, alcohol, tobacco and illegal drugs.
Students learn about metaphors and similies, and write a poem using metaphors.
Students learn about military life and the duties of a lieutenant.
Students learn about models as they create their own rivers.
Students learn about modern techniques of data analysis, and the theory of statistical inference.
Students learn about money and how to spend it intelligently.
Students learn about money, banking, loans and other financial matters.
Students learn about movement and how to move.
Students learn about multiprocessing, file structure, and real-time computing.
Students learn about music history, composers and theory.
Students learn about music, animals, mathematics, sentence structure, money and place value.
Students learn about music, movement, rhythm and creative improvisation.
Students learn about natural history with different themes each week.
Students learn about natural resource management.
Students learn about newspaper publishing as they interview, research and write articles.
Students learn about noncommunicable diseases and how they can be treated and controlled.
Students learn about nonpoint source pollution and how animal life is impacted by water pollution.
Students learn about numbers, shapes, patterns and sequencing.
Students learn about nutrition, hygiene, harmful drugs and disease.
Students learn about objects and classes.
Students learn about observational, correlational and experimental research designs.
Students Learn about opportunities for our students.
Students learn about organizational behavior and attain problem-solving skills.
Students learn about organizational realities and work demands.
Students learn about other cultures via films and participate in a multicultural assembly.
Students learn about other cultures, and use basic language to talk to other students.
Students learn about our commitment to character long before their first day in school.
Students learn about our earth and the universe using interdisciplinary hands-on activities.
Students learn about our solar system.
Students learn about people who risked their lives to save others from the Holocaust.
Students learn about personal budgets and create their own.
Students learn about pet care and responsible pet ownership.
Students learn about phases of the moon,, orbits, seasons, gravity, acceleration, and more.
Students learn about philosophies and realities of communication in a democratic society.
Students learn about physical changes.
Students learn about physical, chemical, and microscopic evaluation of urine samples.
Students learn about physician-patient interactions which produce complaints or malpractice claims.
Students learn about pi atas and how to make their own.
Students learn about pictographs and make one to go along with their name.
Students learn about place values in tens and ones place.
Students learn about planets and other objects in the solar system and how they affect Earth.
Students learn about plant care and handling, decks, hardscapes, irrigation and much more.
Students learn about plant parts, photosynthesis, the carbon cycle, and why plants are important.
Students learn about plant physiology and taxonomy in lecture, lab and field settings.
Students learn about plants and animals and their relationships with each other.
Students learn about plants, animals, matter, energy, light, minerals, and other topics.
Students learn about poetry, prose, illustrations, elements of fiction, and literary genres.
Students learn about positive and negative impacts of dams and the societal effects of engineering.
Students learn about post secondary options and specific requirements for college.
Students learn about predator-prey relationships, food chains, and population dynamics.
Students learn about predators and prey in a fun way.
Students learn about previous oral histories and how to go about conducting interviews.
Students learn about pricing products and the importance of accurate measurements.
Students learn about probability using coins, dice, sports, and high interest stories.
Students learn about processing chemistry of compound semiconductors.
Students learn about programming, team building, diversity, ethical leadership, marketing and more.
Students learn about pro-life issues while on the mission trip.
Students learn about properties.
Students learn about public service, and experience first-hand the joy of helping others.
Students learn about quantum effects and engineered properties of semiconductors.
Students learn about rain forest creatures, plants through stories, games and technology.
Students learn about recording artist contracts and work in teams to write their own contracts.
Students learn about recording arts, music management, songwriting, production and multimedia.
Students learn about regional planning and development through extensive hiking in the area.
Students learn about research design, sampling, and questionnaire construction.
Students learn about resource management.
Students learn about resources to support their efforts to teach sign language.
Students learn about risk factors, diagnoses, and much more.
Students learn about risk-taking by plotting their competitive strategies each decision period.
Students learn about rules and laws and explain where they are made and why they are needed.
Students learn about safety equipment.
Students learn about safety issues associated with living off campus.
Students learn about saving, investing, buying, and more.
Students learn about science and stream ecology with the curriculum and supplies sponsors provide.
Students learn about science by doing.
Students learn about science, math and reading in their native language while they master English.
Students learn about sea turtle biology.
Students learn about selected cultures and prepare foods from each.
Students learn about selected world religions and the way of life each offers.
Students learn about sentences, paragraphs, and grammer.
Students learn about separating, forming, assembling, and finishing industrial materials.
Students learn about several aspects of each culture while studying the language.
Students learn about severe weather events, radar screens, weather maps, and weather prediction.
Students learn about shapes by viewing tessellations.
Students learn about simple, random samples.
Students learn about single-celled organisms and how they carry out different life functions.
Students learn about snow.
Students learn about sociological, physical, mental, and emotional aspects of aging.
Students learn about software techniques applied to electromechanical systems.
Students learn about soil fertility, composting and vermicomposting.
Students learn about soil properties, soil type and take a core sample.
Students learn about some of the many different plants and animals that share their backyard.
Students learn about some of the other scavengers within the animal kingdom.
Students learn about some of the properties of rocks and minerals.
Students learn about sound in science class and in music class.
Students learn about speech and different types of media .
Students learn about speech and different types of media.
Students learn about spreadsheets while producing a data base.
Students learn about star movement, constellations and more.
Students learn about state politics by becoming experts about the processes in one particular state.
Students learn about stories by listening, learning how to listen to people tell stories.
Students learn about structures, wave - guiding, and signal degradation in optical fibers.
Students Learn about student life and activities.
Students learn about subjects of special interest.
Students learn about such career options as vocational training, college, and the military.
Students learn about technology in general, and become proficient in test material along the way.
Students learn about telling stories and about the educational experience.
Students learn about temperature using hands-on activities and games.
Students learn about Tennessee.
Students learn about the activities within their prefecture.
Students learn about the adaptations of nocturnal animals and humans.
Students learn about the anatomy of the leaf.
Students learn about the animals and their care.
Students learn about the animals found in their back yards.
Students learn about the appearance and motion of planets while searching the current evening sky.
Students learn about the art of photography with the assistance of a parent volunteer and a teacher.
Students learn about the artist, art work, and doing art, as they use clues to solve the puzzle.
Students learn about the arts of other nations.
Students learn about the available technology of the period.
Students learn about the basic stages of a growing plant.
Students learn about the basics of writing by preparing a piece for publication.
Students learn about the beaks of birds.
Students learn about the beliefs of many religions.
Students learn about the benefits of group work, building group trust, and conflict resolution.
Students learn about the benefits of the natural environment.
Students learn about the big picture, rather than having a narrow, technical focus.
Students learn about the biological, geological, and ecological components that make a marsh unique.
Students learn about the broad social goals of the United States.
Students learn about the canopy, the river, the animals, and the art they inspire.
Students learn about the cause and effect of pollutions.
Students learn about the characteristics of metamorphic rocks by making chocolate pancakes.
Students learn about the cheetah's hunting behavior and style of killing prey.
Students learn about the college campus, physical facilities, programs, and services available.
Students learn about the components and functions of many body systems.
Students learn about the components included in a telecommunications system and design a prototype.
Students learn about the composition, organization and planning in painting.
Students learn about the concepts from the consumer's and the retailer's point of view.
Students learn about the construction and evaluation of theories that relate to real-world politics.
Students learn about the content from another perspective.
Students learn about the continents through songs, stories, and maps.
Students learn about the cost of college, financial aid and academic requirements.
Students Learn about the CPA profession and what it takes to become one.
Students learn about the creative process and the nature of art.
Students learn about the crew, the instruments used, and the data collected.
Students learn about the culture, geography, and history of countries that speak their language.
Students learn about the cultures of the ancient civilizations of Egypt, China, Greece, and Rome.
Students learn about the cultures within the United States as well as each other's cultures.
Students learn about the design and development of spreadsheets.
Students learn about the different camcorders and accessories from which consumers have to choose.
Students learn about the different time zones across the country.
Students learn about the different types of clinical trials, their advantages and disadvantages.
Students learn about the different types of rocks found in New Jersey.
Students learn about the digestive, circulatory systems etc.
Students learn about the distributive and administrative components of community practice.
Students learn about the distributive and administrative components of hospital pharmacy.
Students learn about the diverse issues and past events that have shaped our great state's history.
Students learn about the diversity of birds and the plants and animals they depend on.
Students learn about the early processes of growth and development during their first two years.
Students learn about the economy and the physical geography of Canada.
Students learn about the effective design of Web sites and develop marketing strategies.
Students learn about the effects of temperature using goldfish in the lab.
Students learn about the environment in classroom instruction and through outdoor activities.
Students learn about the environmental issues facing Hungary and the Danube River.
Students learn about the establishment and protection of copyrights, patents and trademarks.
Students learn about the external and internal anatomy of fish.
Students learn about the fascinating adaptations of birds while discovering variety in nature.
Students learn about the fashion industry by seeing it in action.
Students learn about the features of the planets and what they have in common.
Students learn about the food, fiber and natural resource industries.
Students learn about the forces that affect weather, including how and why weather changes.
Students learn about the forces that have shaped, and continue to shape, the Earth.
Students learn about the function and design of a wide variety of common communication systems.
Students learn about the fundamentals of structural materials.
Students learn about the geographical issues of location, navigation, information, and exploration.
Students learn about the groundbreaking discoveries that are being made in their own backyards.
Students learn about the growth and development of plants.
Students learn about the Hispanic culture, the culture of farming and rural Georgia, and much more.
Students learn about the history and people of Israel.
Students learn about the history of Berlin . - For teaching suggestions click here .
Students learn about the history of fabric, clothing, shelters, fiber artists, and designers.
Students learn about the history of sign language teaching and resources to support such efforts.
Students learn about the history, climate, and geography of Alaska.
Students learn about the human body's sense of touch and participate in four activities.
Students learn about the impact of salt in various ecosystems.
Students learn about the impact of the Industrial Revolution on the world.
Students learn about the impact that drinking and drug use can have on family life.
Students learn about the importance of air, water, and nourishment.
Students learn about the importance of protecting the environment, beginning in kindergarten.
Students learn about the importance of values through the use of claymation movies.
Students learn about the importance of water to life on earth.
Students learn about the important role road ranches played in the westward movement.
Students learn about the industry and work on independent projects.
Students learn about the influences on physical and mental changes throughout life's cycles.
Students learn about the internal operation of various digital integrated circuits.
Students learn about the inter-relationships of birds and native plants.
Students learn about the job opportunities available, and get help developing interviewing skills.
Students learn about the life cycle and anatomy of the scallop.
Students learn about the life cycles of fishes, frogs, and some mammals.
Students learn about the life cycles of spiders and insects.
Students learn about the lifecycle and migration pattern of the monarch butterfly.
Students learn about the lifecycle of butterfly and other amazing butterfly facts.
Students learn about the major services provide by a web site as well as how to create a site.
Students learn about the many principles and concepts that are important in successful design.
Students learn about the mascot of their choice.
Students learn about the methods of preparation and the types of food eaten by the pilgrims.
Students learn about the migration patterns of big brown bats.
Students learn about the Native American culture.
Students learn about the nature of places, human impacts on environment, and the proper use of land.
Students learn about the new language and culture through songs, games, rhymes, and activities.
Students learn about the new product adoption process.
Students learn about the newsroom, the printing press and how newspapers are printed.
Students learn about the objects they draw and about industrial materials.
Students learn about the opossum s pouch and the development of baby opossums.
Students learn about the parts of seeds and how seeds are dispersed.
Students learn about the past through the ways of the future.
Students learn about the physical and psychological aspects of stress.
Students learn about the physics of sound by programming actual frequencies of notes on a scale.
Students learn about the place of origin of their ancestors.
Students learn about the policy process and the policy cycle.
Students learn about the power structure within administrative agencies and legislative bodies.
Students learn about the practical application of law in the United States.
Students learn about the presidents.
Students learn about the process of photosynthesis and the factors necessary for plant growth.
Students learn about the produciton, care, and propagation of greenhouse plants.
Students learn about the properties of different materials and attend materials laboratories.
Students learn about the properties of magnetism.
Students learn about the puppets of Japan, Vietnam, and Indonesia.
Students learn about the purpose and structure of the programs and the populations served.
Students learn about the purpose of trees.
Students learn about the relationship between economic choices, the environment, and society.
Students learn about the relationships among animals in the food chain and food web.
Students learn about the relationships between lifestyle, career choices, and finances.
Students learn about the relationships that insects have with their habitats.
Students learn about the relevance of various laws, and how the legal system works.
Students learn about the resources which are built into the browser, such as bookmarks and printing.
Students learn about the responsibilities of choosing a pet and being a pet owner.
Students learn about the richness, diversity and systematicity of language.
Students learn about the rise of new economies and the creation of colonial empires.
Students learn about the role of graphic com-munication design in the production of publications.
Students learn about the role of the criminal justice system in maintaining social order.
Students learn about the role of the United States government as one nation among many.
Students learn about the role that ethics can play in corporate strategy.
Students learn about the roles of producers and consumers in ecosystems.
Students learn about the scientific principles of behavior from settings in their daily lives.
Students learn about the service through newspaper notices and flyers sent to the schools.
Students learn about the significant changes made to the structure and content of the requirements.
Students learn about the social and cultural history of New York City.
Students learn about the social, cultural, and historical foundations of education.
Students learn about the space program and it's importance in their everyday lives.
Students learn about the special adaptations for desert habitation.
Students learn about the stock market by working with realistic investing scenarios.
Students learn about the Sunshine Law and how to deal with government sources.
Students learn about the supporting software and graphical interfaces that allow iAS administration.
Students learn about the systems and processes used to communicate information.
Students learn about the techniques of forming clay, glazing and firing.
Students learn about the theater by studying as well as practicing it.
Students learn about the theory and practice of alternative media.
Students learn about the theory and practice of finance from an analytical approach.
Students learn about the unique features and experiences of each group.
Students learn about the use of tapestry in the Middle Ages and then weave their own tapestry.
Students learn about the value of high-fidelity models.
Students learn about the various trophic levels within a food chain.
Students learn about the vibrant and rapidly changing field of advertising.
Students learn about the virtual library in a virtual classroom.
Students learn about the water cycle, evaporation, and condensation.
Students learn about the wonders of the insect world in the classroom or in the field.
Students learn about their bones, muscles, respiratory system, teeth and skin.
Students learn about their community, themselves, and others.
Students learn about their fellow classmates.
Students learn about their own writing by looking at and analyzing other students' writing.
Students learn about themselves and their environment.
Students learn about themselves as they participate in the physical education program.
Students learn about themselves through interaction with others.
Students learn about theories of negotiation and themselves as negotiators.
Students learn about theories.
Students learn about tides by using tide charts to determine when they can set sail.
Students learn about tools and their use.
Students learn about topics in the life, earth, and physical sciences.
Students learn about torts through a study of the elements of the different causes of action.
Students learn about township and range, longitude and latitude, and topographic mapping techniques.
Students learn about traditional breakfasts around the world and can make some of the recipes.
Students learn about trash and wastewater and related environmental problems.
Students learn about travel to another country and plan a ten day trip.
Students learn about turtles.
Students learn about types of art, elements of art, and art museums.
Students learn about types.
Students learn about using guide words in the dictionary and encyclopedia.
Students learn about values.
Students learn about various art periods and artists.
Students learn about various management techniques and fee types.
Students learn about viral mutation and how respiratory viruses are spread.
Students learn about Virginia history throughout the year.
Students learn about visual thinking processes through regular sketchbook assignments.
Students learn about volcanoes on Earth and on other planets in the solar system.
Students learn about volcanoes, earthquakes, and the laws of nature.
Students learn about water and land use, conservation, cultural and recreational issues.
Students learn about water facts, and water conservation tips.
Students learn about water in the desert.
Students Learn about water.
Students learn about ways humans can live with less impact on the environment.
Students learn about weather all over the world.
Students learn about weather systems and how meteorologists interpret data.
Students learn about weather systems, build measurement tools, and conduct experiments.
Students learn about weather, the water cycle, habitats, and food chains.
Students learn about whale parts and fluke identification.
Students learn about what goes on in federal, state, and local governments.
Students learn about why species are classified and the characteristics of animals.
Students learn about word processing while producing a student newspaper.
Students learn about work by administering their own business.
Students learn about work skills and work behaviors.
Students learn about world cultures and prepare foods from around the world.
Students learn about world trade, imports, exports and natural resources.
Students learn about worm behavior and anatomy through gentle, instructor-led exercises.
Students learn about, visit, and work in various segments of the transportation industry.
Students learn abstract concepts by doing activities that pertain to the working world.
Students learn accountability through practice.
Students learn accounting fundamentals and procedures in the Accounting portion of the program.
Students learn accounting terminology and procedures.
Students learn accounting theory and practice.
Students learn achieve written, verbal and computational proficiency and how to problem solve.
Students learn acrobatics, voice training, make-up and customs.
Students learn acting techniques and create their own production for the closing session.
Students learn acting, dancing and singing skills in theater.
Students learn active reading strategies for improving comprehension of English.
Students learn activities.
Students learn actual governmental roles and earn course credit for their first hand experiences.
Students learn addition and subtraction facts up to thirteen.
Students learn additional groups of medications.
Students learn advanced bookkeeping skills along with basic office and business management skills.
Students learn advanced concepts in the mathematics of finance.
Students learn advanced concepts of hydraulic applications.
Students learn advanced features of microcomputer spreadsheet and database software.
Students learn advanced grammar and syntax.
Students learn advanced layering, scanning techniques, special effects, masks and channels.
Students learn advanced patterns in slow waltz.
Students learn advanced photographic techniques both in camera usage and darkroom procedures.
Students learn advanced procedures and practices used in intensive care.
Students learn advanced programming procedures as well as complex setup situations.
Students learn advanced reporting and editing techniques, including computer-assisted reporting.
Students learn advanced semiconductor physics.
Students learn advanced specification techniques and how to automate tools for verification.
Students learn advanced surgical procedures.
Students learn advanced techniques for designing complex programs.
Students learn advanced techniques to help streamline system, media and project management.
Students learn advanced television production techniques with emphases on directing and editing.
Students learn aerodynamic and inertial forces on an airplane, power requirements and structures.
Students learn airline ticketing and other aspects of computers for hospitality and tourism.
Students learn algebra and then learn geometry, as separate, unrelated operations.
Students learn algebraic and convolutional codes.
Students learn algorithmic development and block programming structure.
Students learn all about photosynthesis from the book.
Students learn all aspects of automobile repair, diagnosis and maintenance.
Students learn all aspects of hairstyling for men and women.
Students learn all aspects of putting a production together.
Students learn all aspects of running a business, with an emphasis on entrepreneurial skills.
Students learn all aspects of the industry through school and work-based experiences.
Students learn all definitions and essential statistical tests.
Students learn all facets of the gallery business from curating to art handling.
Students learn all modes within the structure of the writing process.
Students learn all of the aspects of producing multimedia and eventually author their own CD-roms.
Students learn all of the verb tenses and begin to read literary texts.
Students learn all of their basic, core requirements before level seven.
Students learn all phases of networking from wiring to router configuration.
Students learn all Spanish-speaking countries and their capitals.
Students learn all stages of death penalty post-trial work.
Students learn all techniques corresponding with lecture material.
Students learn all the phases of computerized journalism working on the yearbook.
Students learn all the tools necessary to succeed personally and to move their organization forward.
Students learn along the way.
Students learn along with the instructor and by interacting with one another.
Students learn alphabet and past and future tenses, and read simple paragraphs.
Students learn alphabet, past and future tenses, and read simple paragraphs.
Students learn also by computer simulation the location and movement of the Earth in space.
Students learn also how to design and develop proposals for an internship of their own making.
Students learn also to narrate past events.
Students learn alternatives to physical aggression.
Students learn an African dance and song.
Students learn an appreciation of style, line, perspective.
Students learn an enjoyable lifelong activity in a school outing setting.
Students learn analytical and critical thinking skills that lead to productive members of society.
Students learn analytical and numerical methods for solving vibration problems.
Students learn analytical methodology in order to accurately grasp various economic developments.
Students learn anatomy and physiology definitely.
Students learn ancient and modern Chinese calligraphy.
Students learn and acquire various skills and strategies.
Students learn and apply chemistry principles to foods and nutrition.
Students learn and apply concepts of problem solving from an object-oriented perspective.
Students learn and apply effective oral language and communication skills.
Students learn and apply fundamental processes of clinical reasoning and intervention planning.
Students learn and apply knowledge across all disciplines.
Students learn and apply optimization techniques to wireless communications problems.
Students learn and apply skills in behavior assessment and modification.
Students learn and apply strategies before, during and after reading to help build comprehension.
Students learn and apply strategies for acquiring a foreign language.
Students learn and apply strategies for generating, organizing, revising, and editing their writing.
Students learn and apply the principles of aerobic exercise.
Students learn and are given opportunities to appreciate, create, and perform Fine Arts.
Students learn and assist the elderly through volunteer service.
Students learn and demonstrate general shop safety, machine set ups, and machine operation.
Students learn and develop at different rates .
Students learn and develop food production and service skills.
Students learn and develop in different ways and at varying rates.
Students learn and develop practical fighting skills.
Students learn and develop skills related to the treatment process.
Students learn and develop.
Students learn and discuss cultural differences between America and East Africa.
Students learn and do different activities at different rates.
Students learn and experience tools for the next millennium.
Students learn and explore careers, use math to compute taxes, tuition and bank balances.
Students learn and explore many rhythms and syncopations.
Students learn and grow as they establish themselves as competent workers.
Students learn and grow from the experience, and the community benefits from students' contribution.
Students learn and grow in an exceptional setting.
Students learn and grow in through a variety of experiences in the arts.
Students learn and grow in understanding their own cultural identity.
Students learn and grow the most during rehearsals and the performances are the test of their work.
Students learn and grow through the integration of curriculum.
Students learn and have fun doing it.
Students learn and improve recreational skills for maintaining an optimum level of physical fitness.
Students learn and make a professional knife with a perfectly finished blade.
Students learn and participate in art critiques.
Students learn and participate in tennis, aerobic training, volleyball and basketball.
Students learn and perform a play in Russian in the course of the semester.
Students learn and perform a short ballet dance with other members of the class.
Students learn and perform a short modern dance with other members of the class.
Students learn and perform a short portion of class work.
Students learn and perform best when learning through a variety of instructional strategies.
Students learn and perform other Mexican dances.
Students learn and perform various circus acts while earning college degrees.
Students learn and play together in a cooperative manner and are supportive of one another.
Students learn and practice a writing process to write short compositions on familiar topics.
Students learn and practice all phases of the trade in real-world applications.
Students learn and practice analyses in context of important health, social, and economic debates.
Students learn and practice appropriate techniques for observing and recording behaviors.
Students learn and practice assessment and counseling skills during lab sessions.
Students learn and practice decision-making skills to help resist sexual pressure.
Students learn and practice different methods of imaging paper, plastic and metal substrates.
Students learn and practice editing and proofreading skills.
Students learn and practice information retrieval and processing skills on the Internet.
Students learn and practice parliamentary procedure in a formal group setting.
Students learn and practice principles of data acquisition and data analysis.
Students learn and practice rules and techniques that improve their written communication skills.
Students learn and practice skills and approaches to management and collaboration in a team.
Students learn and practice skills of assessing and caring for commonly encountered sports injuries.
Students learn and practice skills of peer mediation at school.
Students learn and practice strategies to improve their academic performance.
Students learn and practice the fundamentals of self-governance through an active student council.
Students learn and practice the professional social worker's Code of Ethics.
Students learn and practice the reading behaviors that good readers use regularly.
Students learn and practice the visual-motor method for improving spelling.
Students learn and practice three different therapeutic physical restraint methods.
Students learn and practice world-class leadership in a realistic and competitive environment.
Students learn and refine field audio skills.
Students learn and reinforce academic skills.
Students learn and remember new information best when it is linked to relevant prior knowledge.
Students learn and review low-intermediate level English reading skills.
Students learn and serve at the same time.
Students learn and they learn that people care.
Students learn and understand better when they actively participate in the learning process.
Students learn and understand the function of leadership in management.
Students learn and understand the reality behind the numbers they use daily.
Students learn and use basic word processing skills.
Students learn and use English all the time they are on their course.
Students learn and use new technology long before their teachers and other adults.
Students learn and use other languages within a diverse context.
Students learn and use scientific data collection techniques to monitor project results.
Students learn and use several statistical techniques, including computer-assisted reporting.
Students learn and use simulation and gaming techniques in the preparation of regional plans.
Students learn and use skills associated with the art of brainstorming, analyzing and compromising.
Students learn and use the manuscript or printing in our kindergarten through first grade.
Students learn and utilize basic procedures and tools of creative drama and children's theatre.
Students learn and work in a variety of ways.
Students learn anytime and anyplace.
Students learn applicable accounting and finance concepts used in practice.
Students learn applications that can be applied immediately back on the job.
Students learn applied aspects of journalism.
Students learn applied biology and chemistry by working in groups and indepently.
Students learn applied skills for patient communication, education, and management.
Students learn approaches for enterprise wide networking.
Students learn appropriate manners and dress for different business situations.
Students learn appropriate techniques for working with adolescents in school settings.
Students learn appropriate terminology and general information about each region.
Students learn appropriate vocabulary and practice it in informal and formal situations.
Students learn appropriate work behavior, effective coping skills and how to dress for success.
Students learn archaeological methodology through on-site excavation.
Students learn argument and debate theory and practice.
Students learn arranging of music and public performance practices.
Students learn art therapy on a cremation container.
Students learn as citizens, with and from others in the public domain.
Students learn as much as possible about the life and background of the candidate they have chosen.
Students learn as much from each other as they do from the faculty.
Students learn as much from each other as they do from their coursework.
Students learn as much from interacting with each other as from working with the faculty.
Students learn as much from their peers as from their classwork.
Students learn as they are introduced to a family.
Students learn as they are tested, unfortunately.
Students learn as they have fun.
Students learn as they work along side residents and attending physicians to provide patient care.
Students learn as well and as much from distance learning classes as from traditional classes.
Students learn as well on a computer as they do in a live classroom.
Students learn aspects of movement on stage in the areas of dance for musical theater.
Students learn assessment procedures for muscle strength and range of motion.
Students learn at a quicker pace if they enjoy what they are being taught.
Students learn at an early age how to get an idea across in public through the stage.
Students learn at different paces.
Students learn at different rates and by using different modalities.
Students learn at different rates and have different levels of readiness.
Students learn at different rates and in different styles.
Students learn at different rates and in different ways.
Students learn at different rates.
Students learn at different speeds and in different ways.
Students learn at least one fact about the body organ.
Students learn at own pace.
Students learn at their own pace and repeat as often as necessary.
Students learn at their own pace and take tests to determine if they have mastered a module.
Students learn at their own pace and use their own strategies.
Students learn at their own pace by scheduling video classes around family and work obligations.
Students learn at their own pace in a lively, supportive and friendly atmosphere.
Students learn at their own pace using instructional media.
Students learn at their own pace with help from area multi-media specialists.
Students learn at their own pace with qualified instructors.
Students learn at their own pace, in schools or in their homes by tutoring and experimenting.
Students learn at their own pace.
Students learn at their own place and pace.
Students learn at three Departments.
Students learn audio and video production, and develop computer generated products.
Students learn audition techniques and advanced directing skills.
Students learn auditory blending.
Students learn automatic processes.
Students learn away from the interruptions and distractions of the office.
Students learn based on strict adherence to a fixed curriculum.
Students learn basic accounting principles and procedures.
Students learn basic acting skills through monologue work, scene work, and improvisions.
Students learn basic aerodynamics, propulsion, and orbital mechanics.
Students learn basic algebraic principles by manipulating the materials.
Students learn basic anatomy, gesture, structure, proportion, line, and tone.
Students learn basic and advanced keyboarding skills.
Students learn basic and advanced milling operations to make parts to specification.
Students learn basic aquatic skills which they build upon throughout the program.
Students learn basic artistic techniques as they explore the practical side of creativity.
Students learn basic aspects of microcomputer hardware and software.
Students learn basic bookbinding techniques and printing techniques for stationery and posters.
Students learn basic brush and ink techniques and study the esthetics behind the art forms.
Students learn basic business, management, and marketing skills.
Students learn basic camera handling, film development and printing.
Students learn basic canoeing strokes and safety.
Students learn basic chemical processes and principles as they explore issues and solve problems.
Students learn basic child care techniques such as diapering, feeding and burping an infant.
Students learn basic chords, song accompaniment, music reading, and pertinent music forms.
Students learn basic classroom expressions and vcoabulary.
Students learn basic clinical skills and begin working with clients.
Students learn basic communication skills and the importance of two way communication.
Students learn basic computer literacy, focusing on word processing and spreadsheets.
Students learn basic computer skills so that they can save and open their own files in the lab.
Students learn basic computer techniques.
Students learn basic concepts and techniques for three-dimensional spatial modeling.
Students learn basic concepts and techniques to begin adding polarity to their work or life.
Students learn basic concepts of mathematical modeling, and how to interpret the results.
Students learn basic concepts, sensory receptors, motor pathways and coordination of the human body.
Students learn basic conversation and vocabulary.
Students learn basic conversational skills and introductory grammar.
Students learn basic coordinate geometry concepts and drafting within an AutoCAD environment.
Students learn basic culture, isolation, and identification techniques in bacteriology.
Students learn basic design principles, composition, and the visual language of communication.
Students learn basic drafting techniques to draw various blueprint views.
Students learn basic drawing and papier m techniques as they create their own western art.
Students learn basic drawing skills including shapes, shading, sizes and partition.
Students learn basic economics while making decisions as the zoo operators and consumers.
Students learn basic elements of observation, plan and conduct curriculum, and evaluate program.
Students learn basic forensic health assessment.
Students Learn basic fraction skills using teacher created tutorials.
Students learn basic generator set operational skills up to troubleshooting the alternator section.
Students learn basic German grammar and develop skills in listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Students learn basic glazing and firing.
Students learn basic grammar structures and vocabulary used in everyday situations.
Students learn basic grammar structures and vocabulary.
Students learn basic grammatical and conversational concepts.
Students learn basic grammatical principles that are reinforced by the simple stories they read.
Students learn basic harmony, rhythm, music notation and arrangement.
Students learn basic Internet skills while learning about women all over the globe.
Students learn basic issues in the design and evaluation of classes of programming languages.
Students learn basic jazz repertoire, style and techniques.
Students learn basic keyboarding and computer skills.
Students learn basic keyboarding techniques for computer operation.
Students learn basic lab techniques.
Students learn basic laboratory methods.
Students learn basic language skills while learning about Spanish culture.
Students learn basic lathe techniques and pen assembly.
Students learn basic leather cutting, stitching, and dyeing.
Students learn basic legal concepts, legal ethics, legal analysis, and client interviewing skills.
Students learn basic listening, speaking and reading and writing skills.
Students learn basic map making and reading skills.
Students learn basic mapping and surveying, beach profiling methods, and relevant computer skills.
Students learn basic massage theory and technique through traditional Swedish massage.
Students learn basic math skills through regular trips to the grocery store.
Students learn basic methods of throwing, tooling and glazing pots.
Students learn basic movements and gain exposure to capoeira songs and instruments.
Students learn basic moves and strategies and participate in tournaments.
Students learn basic music principles while learning a variety of songs.
Students learn basic news writing and photojournalism.
Students learn basic nutrition concepts.
Students learn basic photo techniques and the processing of film and prints as well as basic design.
Students learn basic physical exam and interviewing skills.
Students learn basic pollutants and the effects each have on our Earth.
Students learn basic principles about the operation of our country's government.
Students learn basic principles and practices ranging from composting to marketing.
Students learn basic principles and techniques of educational evaluation and their application.
Students learn basic principles of chemistry as they apply to current environmental problems.
Students learn basic principles of kinesiology and how they relate to sports massage and athletes.
Students learn basic radar signal processing and synthetic aperture radars.
Students learn basic reporting, newswriting and editing for all types of media.
Students learn basic research methods and survey research techniques.
Students learn basic research methods used to study brain-behavior relationships.
Students learn basic search procedures and a few short-cuts.
Students learn basic sentence structure and vocabulary used in everyday situations.
Students learn basic sewing skills which can apply to their lives now and after they leave school.
Students learn basic skills and receive prerequisite training for careers in law enforcement.
Students learn basic skills for making wise career choices and developing career plans.
Students learn basic skills in auto body repair.
Students learn basic skills needed for the professional operation of a small business.
Students learn basic skills using both hand and power tools.
Students learn basic skills, knowledge and values for professional generalist practice.
Students learn basic software operation to create, edit, save, and plot drawings.
Students learn basic Spanish grammar and develop skills in listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Students learn basic Spanish vocabulary, as well as culture.
Students learn basic speaking, reading, and writing skills while learning about French culture.
Students learn basic steps and etiquette and enjoy dancing with different partners.
Students learn basic structures and vocabulary used in everyday situations.
Students learn basic survival English.
Students learn basic survival skills through specifically designed curriculum materials.
Students learn basic techniques.
Students learn basic terms and concepts.
Students learn basic theory, advanced theory, topic analysis, and brief writing.
Students learn basic vocabulary.
Students learn basic water skills, water acclimation, and safety skills and rules.
Students learn basic welding techniques using oxygen and acetylene, arc and heliarc welding.
Students learn basic word processing and data entry.
Students learn basic, transferable knowledge, skills and attitudes in school.
Students learn basics for using the world wide web and electronic mail.
Students learn basics of identification, recognition, and resource information available.
Students learn basics, self-defense techniques, and katas.
Students learn baton and shield defensive tactics in phalanx formation.
Students learn because they want to.
Students learn beginning repertoire and sight-reading, basic scale and chord patterns in major keys.
Students learn best . . .
Students learn best by applying what they learn in the classroom.
Students learn best by building upon what they already know.
Students learn best by doing and being actively engaged in their own education.
Students learn best by doing and experiencing the learning.
Students learn best by doing rather than memorization.
Students learn best by doing, and by becoming emotionally involved.
Students learn best by doing, and relating what they do to the real world.
Students learn best by doing, as opposed to hearing and seeing, and interacting with their peers.
Students learn best by doing.
Students learn best by exploring and learning with minimal guidance.
Students learn best by seeing and hearing correct examples of behavior.
Students learn best from passionate and enthusiastic teachers.
Students learn best if objectives are clearly stated.
Students learn best if they are actively involved in taking notes during lectures.
Students learn best in a caring and respectful environment where everyone is valued.
Students learn best in a clean, positive environment.
Students learn best in a hands-on, experiential learning environment.
Students learn best in a non-threatening environment .
Students learn best in a safe and caring environment.
Students learn best in a safe environment where there is love and genuine care for every individual.
Students learn best in a safe positive disciplined environment.
Students learn best in a safe, orderly, and positive learning environment.
Students learn best in a safe, positive environment that respects cultural differences.
Students learn best in a safe, positive environment which respects cultural differences.
Students learn best in a safe, positive, supportive, stimulating environment.
Students learn best in a supportive, caring environment where they are free to try out ideas.
Students learn best in a trusting, caring, nurturing environment.
Students learn best in active, interactive classrooms.
Students learn best in an environment that builds on their strengths and individual characteristics.
Students learn best in an environment that is conducive to learning.
Students learn best sometimes from other students.
Students learn best through a stimulus-response technique.
Students learn best through a variety of styles and multiple intelligence's.
Students learn best through direct experience and discovery.
Students learn best what they think is relevant, important, and true.
Students learn best when actively engaged.
Students learn best when approaching the experience with the correct mind set.
Students learn best when challenged mentally, emotionally, and physically.
Students learn best when data is presented smoothly and in a logically related order.
Students learn best when everything they have to know is presented slowly in the classroom. . . .
Students learn best when guided to realizations.
Students learn best when it is a positive and challenging experience.
Students learn best when learning is social.
Students learn best when programs cater for their individual needs and talents.
Students learn best when teachers employ a variety of instructional strategies.
Students learn best when the subjects taught are connected and related to common goals.
Students learn best when their education matches their level of cognitive readiness for learning.
Students learn best when their physical, emotional and social needs are met.
Students learn best when they are able to become involved and have fun at the same time.
Students learn best when they are active.
Students learn best when they are actively and enthusiastically engaged in the learning process.
Students learn best when they are actively engaged in a variety of instructional activities.
Students learn best when they are actively engaged in the learning process.
Students learn best when they are actively engaging in meaningful and challenging work.
Students learn best when they are actively involved in the learning process.
Students learn best when they are actively involved in the process.
Students learn best when they are actively involved.
Students learn best when they are directly involved in purposeful academic activities.
Students learn best when they are engaged in meaningful learning that is relevant to their lives.
Students learn best when they are given the opportunity to construct their knowledge.
Students learn best when they are in school.
Students learn best when they are interested and involved.
Students learn best when they are interested in their own work.
Students learn best when they are involved in and take responsibility for their own learning.
Students learn best when they can make sense of what they are learning.
Students learn best when they can receive individualized attention to address their needs.
Students learn best when they construct their own mathematical understanding.
Students learn best when they have a supportive family environment.
Students learn best when they have appropriate opportunities for success.
Students learn best when they investigate, construct, apply and demonstrate knowledge.
Students learn best when they observe a demonstration or model of the skill and then practice it.
Students learn best when they produce , perceive , and reflect .
Students learn best when they receive good grades, praise, or other rewards for a job well done.
Students learn best when they see a purpose to their studies.
Students learn best when they see the relevance of learning.
Students learn best when they talk, write, reflect, relate, and apply their learning.
Students learn best when they, their parents, and their schools work together.
Students learn best when they're given ample opportunity to practice new skills.
Students learn best when they're healthy and well-rested.
Students learn best with substantial interaction and personal support.
Students learn best within an environment that is emotionally and physically safe.
Students learn better and are more motivated.
Students learn better and retain more when they learn in context rather than in the abstract.
Students learn better by doing hands on work and are more apt to retain the information.
Students learn better from a teacher s instruction than by working alone.
Students learn better from each other than from the teacher.
Students learn better from their peers.
Students learn better if there are a variety of activities.
Students learn better if they have an organized view of where they are going.
Students learn better in an environment that is calm, positive, and caring.
Students learn better in better school buildings.
Students learn better in safe, modern schools with the latest technology.
Students learn better in smaller classes because of more individualized instruction.
Students learn better in smaller classes with more individual attention.
Students learn better through their experiences and hands on activities.
Students learn better when technology is correctly applied.
Students learn better when the course is hands-on.
Students learn better when their parents are involved in the educational process.
Students learn better when there is an atmosphere of mutual respect and discipline.
Students learn better when they are active learners rather than passive recipients.
Students learn better when they are actively engaged.
Students learn better when they can concentrate over longer periods of time.
Students learn better when they can picture the point they are learning.
Students learn better when they think to learn.
Students learn better when they verbalize and argue out their ideas.
Students learn better with smaller classes in modern and safe surroundings.
Students learn better with study partners or study groups.
Students learn billing and collection of payment for pharmacy goods and services.
Students learn biostatistical methods to critically evaluate data and study conclusions.
Students learn blocking, choreography and songs in their various magnet classes.
Students learn blocking, punching, striking and kicking techniques and forms.
Students learn board skills, presentation techniques and in many instances use computer graphics.
Students learn both by working with clients and by observing expert attorneys do the same.
Students learn both conceptual skills and programming languages.
Students learn both conduction and hot air rework techniques.
Students learn both home and commercial wiring.
Students learn both in the classroom and through hands-on experience at a working theatre.
Students learn both lectures by faculty and student-led discussions of research articles.
Students learn both local and broader history.
Students learn both operation and application of computers in a clinical laboratory.
Students learn both passively and actively.
Students learn both qualitative and computer-based skills that are much in demand in the workplace.
Students learn both quantitative and qualitative approaches to research methods.
Students learn both technical and creative ways type can be crafted.
Students learn both theoretically and practically how to engage in and promote that conversation.
Students learn both through class work and participation in theatrical productions.
Students learn both to hand calculate and use a simple computer analysis package to analyze data.
Students learn both verbal and body-based methods of intervention.
Students learn breathing techniques and basic music reading.
Students learn bridge building as well as the construction of telephones and radios.
Students learn broadcast writing and reporting techniques.
Students learn business and circulation management.
Students learn business and practice management throughout the curriculum.
Students learn business communications, and practice team work throughout the program.
Students learn buying tips for such purchases as automobiles, food, clothing and housing.
Students learn by . . .
Students learn by a hands-on approach.
Students learn by actively constructing knowledge.
Students learn by actively solving problems, thus developing their critical thinking skills.
Students learn by actually taking part in an organization and observing how things are run.
Students learn by adding new experiences to old ones.
Students learn by applying information, knowledge, and concepts.
Students learn by applying principles of chemistry and biology to the study of food.
Students learn by arranging color chips on blank charts.
Students learn by being active rather than being passive.
Students learn by book, then by action.
Students learn by both reading and doing.
Students learn by building websites for real businesses in their local community.
Students learn by completing hands-on lessons and exercises.
Students learn by demonstration, lecture, supervision and much practice - much doing.
Students learn by doing .
Students learn by doing and by reflecting on what they have done.
Students learn by doing and change their attitudes about tobacco.
Students learn by doing and have the support of our co-op office to find placements in industry.
Students learn by doing and reflecting.
Students learn by doing in a hands-on setting.
Students learn by doing in our actual bar classroom.
Students learn by doing in our hands-on science and social studies workshops.
Students learn by doing in the workplace with the help of mentors.
Students learn by doing science activities both in the classroom and at our outdoor study sites.
Students learn by doing, a great community service learning project.
Students learn by doing, and extensive use is made of live performances, critiques, and videotapes.
Students learn by doing, but they retain what they've learned by teaching it to someone else.
Students learn by doing, each at their own pace.
Students learn by doing, giving and caring.
Students learn by doing, making, writing, designing, creating, and solving.
Students learn by doing.
Students learn by doing-with an emphasis on developing professional writing and copy editing skills.
Students learn by either seeing, hearing, or doing, or a combination thereof.
Students learn by example as much as words.
Students learn by example.
Students learn by far the most when they work with industry to develop real-world design solutions.
Students learn by finding various objects.
Students learn by fitting new information together with what they already know.
Students learn by giving back to the community in which they live.
Students learn by hands-on application.
Students learn by hands-on development of finished graphic projects.
Students learn by initiating, designing and producing.
Students learn by interacting with the computer and appropriate feedback is provided.
Students learn by interpreting, synthesizing, and evaluating what they hear and read.
Students learn by listening to a teacher and a recording, then imitating it.
Students learn by living the history and culture of a place rather than being lectured to.
Students learn by manipulating materials and interacting with others.
Students learn by means of questioning and involvement.
Students learn by observing, reflecting upon, and evaluating their internship experience.
Students learn by observing, relecting upon, and evaluating their internship experience.
Students learn by participating in sample activities in class.
Students learn by participating.
Students learn by performance, and are aided by peers, instructor and videotaped feedback.
Students learn by performing a broad cross-section of activities for their simulated clients.
Students learn by playing music that is enjoyable.
Students learn by preparing complete meals daily in our campus restaurant and student dining area.
Students learn by reading, critiquing, and conducting investigations into communicative behavior.
Students learn by repetition, writing, workbook exercises and laboratory drills.
Students learn by rote.
Students learn by seeing and doing.
Students learn by sitting next to someone.
Students learn by solving problems and applying knowledge to new situations.
Students learn by teaching.
Students learn by touch using the electronic calculator and the computer number pads.
Students learn by trial, effort and discovery.
Students learn by using hands-on examples while building ten key proficiency.
Students learn by using interactive CD-ROMs, as opposed to overheads.
Students learn by using the same approach that professional technicians use to solve problems.
Students learn by visiting a variety of Internet sites and answering guided questions.
Students learn by visiting web pages created by previous generations.
Students learn by watching how the instructor solves problems.
Students learn by watching videotapes on topics ranging from history to physics.
Students learn by word and deed the core virtues that promote good conduct and citizenship.
Students learn by working in the school laboratory, greenhouse, garden, classroom and community.
Students learn by working on public projects throughout the community.
Students learn by working with and appreciating people of diverse backgrounds.
Students learn by writing both in class and outside of class.
Students learn cake decorating in the classroom next to the mini-mart.
Students learn calculations to determine power and speed for various pulley ratios.
Students learn camera control, such as shutter speeds, aperture, and depth of field.
Students learn camera operation, black and white film processing, printing, and print presentation.
Students learn campus ministry skills working with supervising campus minister five hours per week.
Students learn care of lawn, shrubs, and general ground maintenance.
Students learn career preparation skills primarily through applied learning activities.
Students learn carpentry , theory, and skills involved in framing, finishing and blueprint reading.
Students learn centering and placement of letters, forms, tables, and envelopes.
Students learn challenging repertoire for one major concert per semester.
Students learn chemistry and bioenergy of muscular activity.
Students learn Chinese characters, thereby building vocabulary and heighten reading ability.
Students learn Chinese pop songs through the Web in the privacy of their dorms to refresh and relax.
Students learn choral techniques through the study and performance of different musical genre.
Students learn chord structure and improvisational skills as well as playing standard jazz pieces.
Students learn citizenship .
Students learn classic French menus, but they also learn about the best of contemporary cuisine.
Students learn classification, morphology, life cycle of representative members of the plant phyla.
Students learn classification, nomenclature and variation of plants.
Students learn classifications.
Students learn clear, concise writing that provides a strong foundation for a wide array of careers.
Students learn clinical office assisting techniques and clinical diagnostic procedures on campus.
Students learn close reading techniques and analyze the qualities of fictional literature.
Students learn collaborative management of the care of women and newborns with complications.
Students learn collaboratively.
Students learn color theory and use it to distinguish their objects.
Students learn colors, numbers, counting, sorting and stacking.
Students learn commands and functions.
Students learn common formats used in all types of business communication.
Students learn communication skills, family assessment skills and make an educational presentation.
Students learn community health, cultural competency, and multiprofessionalism.
Students learn community involvement by being involved in their community.
Students learn compensetory stragegies in which to work with their own disabilities.
Students learn composition, layout, photography and design.
Students learn comprehension and communication skills.
Students learn computer and production skills.
Students learn computer applications using current software and supporting devices.
Students learn computer basics, keyboarding, and work processing skills in a friendly environment.
Students learn computer design from the very first semester.
Students learn computer drawing skills.
Students learn computer repair, business management, and computer networking skills.
Students learn computer terminology, input devices, interactive displays, and hard copy output.
Students learn concepts and skills as they progress through the unit.
Students learn concepts and skills through lecture and laboratory exercises.
Students learn concepts and terminology related to electricity and physics.
Students learn concepts by interacting with the images.
Students learn concepts in web design and page layout, along with verbal communication techniques.
Students learn concepts of neuroanatomy in a laboratory setting.
Students learn concepts, as well as information.
Students learn concepts, techniques, and methods for teaching international studies.
Students learn concepts, terminology, and the basic commands necessary to prepare several drawings.
Students learn concepts.
Students learn conference techniques and interviewing skills.
Students learn confidence and strength of character.
Students learn conflict resolution theory and practice and the skills necessary to mediate disputes.
Students learn construction skills using stones, bricks and mortor.
Students learn content through the exploration of specific problems and data sets.
Students learn contract administration, formulation, and negotiation.
Students learn conversational dialogue based on everyday situations.
Students learn conversational Spanish in the third year.
Students learn cooperation, discipline, and self-control.
Students learn cooperation, respect, and the importance of teamwork.
Students learn coordination skills through rhythm and singing.
Students learn core academic subjects and receive support services.
Students learn correct and safe methods of millwork, and install plastic laminate and hardware.
Students learn correct harness use.
Students learn correct position and form when performing selected volleyball skills.
Students learn correct words and phrases in Mandarin conversation.
Students learn cost control by applying process, job, and standard cost procedures.
Students learn cost-effectiveness of their designs.
Students learn courtesy and respect for themselves, their fellow students, and adults.
Students learn creative skills using current technology in finalizing their visual presentations.
Students learn creative techniques, digital color correction, retouching, and image manipulation.
Students learn creative variations of food preparation.
Students learn critical approaches to media messages.
Students learn critical assessment, research and become more artistically articulate.
Students learn critical reading and thinking skills, including textual analysis and evaluations.
Students learn critical thinking and logic.
Students learn critical thinking and sound judgment.
Students learn critical thinking processes and critical analysis techniques.
Students learn critical thinking skills by reading and discussing demanding texts.
Students learn critical thinking, problem solving, communication and conflict resolution skills.
Students learn critical thinking, reading, and writing skills from working with mysteries.
Students learn crop production in a greenhouse facility.
Students learn curation and can access a reference collection to help identification.
Students learn current approaches to the revitalizing of distressed communities.
Students learn current methods for distributing medications.
Students learn current research in the relevant fields.
Students learn current theories about effective team building and team management.
Students learn daily through center interaction and small and large-group instruction.
Students learn dance technique, chreography, performance technique, and dance company management.
Students learn dance techniques through songs designed for younger children.
Students learn dances from various regions in Mexico.
Students learn data entry, data manipulation, and database structure.
Students learn data entry, spreadsheet management, data analysis and information presentation.
Students learn data management, file, and graph commands.
Students learn decorating for wedding and holiday cakes.
Students learn deeper insights about subjects they make the effort to write about.
Students learn defensive and offensive methods used in self-defense.
Students learn democratic behavior by participating in student government.
Students learn dental science before patient treatment.
Students learn descriptive and inferential statistics in conjunction with computer usage.
Students learn descriptive research methods applicable to mass communications.
Students learn desktop publishing software to enter story data, create graphics and print photos.
Students learn detailed image analysis and interpretation techniques.
Students learn development skills and all basic Web authoring languages.
Students learn devices in industrial circuits for control, timing, and counting.
Students learn differences.
Students learn different careers that take varying amounts of time.
Students learn different cultures through their linguistic histories.
Students learn different protocols for post-event massage.
Students learn different stretching techniques.
Students learn different subjects in English and in Spanish.
Students learn different ways of approaching chemical problem-solving.
Students learn different ways of approaching geological problems.
Students learn different ways of combining information from which they can draw various conclusions.
Students learn differently and they have different needs.
Students learn differently.
Students learn directing, techniques through study, exercises, scenes, and final performance.
Students learn disappointment, frustration, and anger are feelings which everyone experiences.
Students learn disappointment, frustration, and anger are fellings which everyone experiences.
Students learn discernment of information and authenticity issues.
Students learn disciplinary content through working of complex problems.
Students learn discipline, focus and body awareness.
Students learn discipling and evangelizing methods for children, youth, and adults.
Students Learn Diversity Through Their Own Images.
Students learn documentary ideas and proposals are developed to final production script.
Students learn dozens of songs, games activities, and other materials to use in the music classroom.
Students learn dramatic criticism through the application of various rhetorical models.
Students learn draping, use of oils, and fundamental theories and techniques of massage therapy.
Students learn drawing skills and techniques of shading while having fun drawing.
Students learn duties.
Students learn each field but they never get a sense of the whole.
Students learn each other's idioms through a game.
Students learn each technique as it corresponds with lecture material.
Students learn early on how to load kilns.
Students learn economic concepts by acting as detectives to solve economic mysteries.
Students learn economic concepts found in national and state standards.
Students learn editing and principles of analysis of technical discourse.
Students learn editing skills.
Students learn editing, formatting, text enhancement, tables, columns and outlining.
Students learn educational uses of the internet.
Students learn effective communication.
Students learn effective historical research and writing.
Students learn effective methods of communicating with others and sharing life-styles and values.
Students learn effective procedures necessary for setting up and managing a classroom.
Students learn effective strategies for counseling elders dealing with loss and bereavement.
Students learn effectively through induction.
Students learn efficient storeroom procedures, safety, and dining room protocol and procedures.
Students learn egg maintenance, how chicks develop and caring for a new life.
Students learn electronic and optical properties of semiconductors and heterostructures.
Students learn electronics theory and the nature of electronic components.
Students learn elementary control circuits, then design and construct elaborate circuits.
Students learn elementary statistical methods to aid in error control.
Students learn elements of copywriting and test their skills through development of copy.
Students learn employment competencies, labor market information and interviewing skills.
Students learn energy.
Students learn engineering in feet, inches, and thousands of an inch.
Students learn English and are offered job search support.
Students learn English faster and more effectively.
Students learn English for daily communication and work.
Students learn English in English instead of through translation.
Students learn English in international groups with experienced teachers.
Students learn English or French through intensive language courses.
Students learn English quickly, in a friendly and enjoyable atmosphere.
Students learn English through conversation, dialogue, and exploration in the surrounding community.
Students learn English through modified academic content instruction.
Students learn enrichment, crisis counseling and support skills.
Students learn entry-level clerical skills in an individualized learning environment.
Students learn entry-level skills for employment as a home health aide.
Students learn environmental analysis on an individual, church, and organizational basis.
Students learn essay writing, exam techniques, library skills and seminar presentation.
Students learn essential economic concepts by experience.
Students learn essential skills needed for effective study.
Students learn established principles of newspaper layout and copy preparation.
Students learn every aspect of entertainment design and production.
Students learn everything about a car from bumper to bumper.
Students learn everything from swinging golf clubs to putting to the rules and etiquette of golf.
Students learn everything from writing techniques to digital photography to computer layout.
Students learn everything in school from computers to operating a TV station.
Students learn exceptionally well when they have to teach.
Students learn exhaust system operation and replacement techniques.
Students learn experientially by applying knowledge and skills to real world situations.
Students learn experiments to conduct on the chemicals in order to identify a given powder.
Students learn fabrication skills from basic lathe work to complex milling operations.
Students learn facts.
Students learn far more about the program and design from actually doing and asking questions.
Students learn fascinate facts.
Students learn fast and slow.
Students learn faster and stay focused longer.
Students learn faster.
Students learn field and laboratory techniques for plant identification.
Students learn field research techniques as they take on exciting wildlife biology projects.
Students learn field techniques in marine biology and chemistry.
Students learn finance using both real time data feeds as well as a simulated trading environment.
Students learn firmly that who they are and what they believe has great value.
Students learn first hand the business aspects of practice management.
Students learn first hand the skills and responsibilities of running a business.
Students learn first position chords, as well as inversions and some extended voicings.
Students learn first-aid and survival skills for use in outdoor or wilderness settings.
Students learn first-hand about social problems through direct involvement as tutors and chaperons.
Students learn first-hand about the techniques of archaeological work and the Classical world.
Students learn firsthand from prominent professionals in the fashion industry.
Students learn firsthand from sponsors how work works.
Students learn firsthand how to search the file and make interlibrary loan decisions.
Students learn first-hand the customs of the region and the cultural habits of the French people.
Students learn firsthand the role businesses play in protecting Wisconsin s environment. . .
Students learn first-hand what it is like to be an aquatic biologist.
Students learn flexibility and adaptability to new environments.
Students learn footwork drills and help lead as the weeks progress.
Students learn forehand and backhand, volleying and scoring.
Students learn formulas and graph the results.
Students learn formulas, translate words into symbols, and finally graph the results.
Students learn four high-level languages and one assembly language.
Students learn fractions and percentages in real-life applications.
Students learn from a faculty of experienced educators and professionals.
Students learn from a highly motivated, caring faculty and stimulating clinical experiences.
Students learn from a skilled, consistent, and enthusiastic teacher acting as a positive role model.
Students learn from a teacher's sense of fair play.
Students learn from and interact with a world class faculty.
Students learn from behaviors displayed in front of their eyes.
Students learn from books, videos and computers and turn in course work by fax or email.
Students learn from carefully constructed and directed clinical experiences.
Students learn from each other and develop a sense of responsibility for the learning of others.
Students learn from each other and develop teaching and communications capabilities.
Students learn from each other and from one another's projects.
Students learn from each other as they discuss a booklet.
Students learn from each other as well as professors.
Students learn from each other empirically that there are different ways of looking at things.
Students learn from each other in a supportive environment.
Students learn from each other in class discussion.
Students learn from each other, as well as from the teacher and other sources.
Students learn from each other, generate new ideas, and get important feedback from other groups.
Students learn from each other.
Students learn from each other's reports, and the reporters learn, too.
Students learn from experienced docents conducting interactive interpretations.
Students learn from faculty members but also from each other.
Students learn from faculty members who are prominent researchers , as well as committed professors.
Students learn from faculty members who are prominent researches as well as committed teachers.
Students learn from faculty that has industrial design experience.
Students learn from faculty who are experts in their fields.
Students learn from faculty who are renowned as teachers and scientists.
Students learn from faculty who bring professional and teaching experience to the classroom.
Students learn from hands-on experiences and talented faculty and professionals.
Students learn from instructors who have had direct experience in the court reporting field.
Students learn from interacting with faculty, other students, and professionals in the community.
Students learn from life experiences built on cooperation between the school, family, and community.
Students learn from many angles that the majority wins.
Students learn from marked work how to make clear a mathematical argument.
Students learn from multiple perspectives.
Students learn from one another as well as from the professor.
Students learn from one another in their discussions.
Students learn from one another, both in the classroom and outside.
Students learn from other experienced managers and executives in the program.
Students learn from other students and from their environment.
Students learn from people who are among the most knowledgeable experts in their respective fields.
Students learn from professors, but they also learn a great deal from one another.
Students learn from sharing ideas as well as listening to the ideas of others.
Students learn from specialized assignments that concentrate on their individualized needs.
Students learn from staff who are actively involved in school, family and community activities.
Students learn from talking to people working in the field.
Students learn from talking with each other, sharing, reflecting throughout games period.
Students learn from teachers in the classroom, but they also learn outside the classroom.
Students learn from teachers, their peers and knowledge experts.
Students learn from texts and class discussions.
Students learn from the best libraries, museums, and information archives in the world.
Students learn from the context of the built, natural and cultural environment.
Students learn from the evaluative process and rework project as necessary.
Students learn from the experience and advice of alumni in a casual fun setting.
Students learn from the experience of experts participating in the seminar.
Students learn from the instructor, as well as from the experience of their peers.
Students learn from the mentors' expereriences and life stories.
Students learn from the presentation, which provides food for thought.
Students learn from the speakers' expertise as well as their working experience.
Students learn from the teacher and the teacher learns from the class.
Students learn from their colleagues.
Students learn from their environment and experiences.
Students learn from their friends, the Internet, or just get very creative on their own.
Students learn from their teachers while the teachers simultaneously learn from their students.
Students learn from top-level professionals who are working daily with major national clients.
Students learn from what they see adults do.
Students learn fun science facts while playing pinball .
Students learn functional and object-oriented programming.
Students learn functional vocabulary words in and around the school building environment.
Students learn functions.
Students learn fundamental computer, managerial, analytical and business-related skills.
Students learn fundamental computer, managerial, analytical, and business-related skills.
Students learn fundamental information and skills and proceed in advanced topics.
Students learn fundamental mathematics and how to solve everyday problems.
Students learn fundamental military skills and develop leadership skills to lead others.
Students learn fundamental principles of navigation.
Students learn fundamental reading and phonics skills.
Students learn fundamental science concepts and principles that they apply to their daily lives.
Students learn fundamental skills in operating equipment.
Students learn fundamental skills in operating radio and television studio equipment.
Students learn fundamentals and language of art.
Students learn fundamentals in layout, copy writing and management skills.
Students learn fundamentals of analog and digital filter design and implementation.
Students learn fundamentals of draping in muslin on a dress form.
Students learn fundamentals of facial analysis, character development, and stage makeup techniques.
Students learn fundamentals of music as well as composition, improvisation and group interaction.
Students learn fundamentals of optimization techniques including performance surfaces.
Students learn fundamentals of primary and secondary research.
Students learn games.
Students learn general cat physical attributes and hunting behavior.
Students learn general communication skills in sign language classes.
Students learn general facts about the planets, the purpose of the colony, etc.
Students learn general pathology, oral pathology, oral physiology, and pharmacology.
Students learn genetics.
Students learn German quickly and still have enough time to explore Hamburg.
Students learn glazing, painting, burnishing, applique and incising.
Students learn goniometry and manual muscle testing.
Students learn good nutrition habits as well as social skills during group meals.
Students learn good nutrition habits that provide a basis for better health throughout our lives.
Students learn good nutrition habits that provide a basis for better health throughout their lives.
Students learn good pronunciation and basic communication skills.
Students learn good, bad of ozone Ozone is good high in the atmosphere, but bad near the ground.
Students learn grammar and writing skills as they work their up to the top of a film studio.
Students learn graph theory, probability, linear programming, matrices, and game theory.
Students learn Greek and Latin roots of bioscientific terminology.
Students learn Greek grammar, vocabulary, and morphology.
Students learn grid patterns that form magazines, newspapers, catalogs, and books.
Students learn grips and stances, and are taught the importance of eye contact and kiai.
Students learn group dynamics by functioning as a small group.
Students learn group process through participation.
Students learn group writing techniques by completing at least one collaborative writing project.
Students learn habitats and characteristics of a variety of vertebrates.
Students learn hand craftsmanship, as well as quality machining techniques.
Students learn handbuilding techniques and ancient pit-firing methods.
Students learn hands-on in a team environment what it takes to succeed in today's business world.
Students learn hands-on skills and conceptual design knowledge toward commercial projects.
Students learn hands-on the fundamentals of networking in a business environment.
Students learn hands-on through the program s strong emphasis on field work.
Students learn handstands, basic rolls, cartwheels, round-offs and handsprings.
Students learn health at each grade level.
Students learn health, nutrition and safety standards for programs for young children.
Students learn heart health and how to help a family member in an emergency.
Students learn Hebrew, Greek, family counseling, and methods of communicating to others.
Students learn here.
Students learn higher speed steering, cornering, counterweighing, traction awareness and braking.
Students learn high-tech ways of doing business on the Internet.
Students learn hiragana and katakana .
Students learn Hispanic art history as they delve deeply into the culture as well.
Students learn historical, theoretical, and research perspectives.
Students learn history, archaeology, and geography through life stories of historical figures.
Students learn history, philosophy and purpose of public relations.
Students learn history.
Students learn horse judging and oral reasons.
Students learn horticulture and nutrition along with how to operate a successful business.
Students learn how a battery makes electricity and how lightbulbs work.
Students learn how a building is constructed and how to maintain control systems.
Students learn how a commercial is developed and various techniques of television production.
Students learn how a lodging establishment operates as they master essential computer skills.
Students learn how a thermometer works by constructing their own.
Students learn how abstract skills, such as math and science, are used to create real structures.
Students learn how academic concepts apply to real-world problems.
Students learn how advertisements are created and placed in the paper.
Students learn how airports function and how airplanes fly.
Students learn how allergens effect the body.
Students learn how an agency and a client interact and the responsibilities of both parties.
Students learn how an animal's body works to utilize feeds and grow healthy.
Students learn how and what to cultivate in their lives.
Students learn how and when to use technology tools by examples, in exercises, and in applications.
Students learn how and when to use the grammar they are studying as well as the correct form.
Students learn how and why people assume roles as citizens, consumers, workers and employers.
Students learn how animal babies grow and develop from eggs.
Students learn how animals with backbones are alike and different.
Students learn how archaeologists uncover and interpret the buried history of Baltimore.
Students learn how asteroids can be discovered by comparing two images of the same place in the sky.
Students learn how authority is divided.
Students learn how being assertive can positively affect their relationships.
Students learn how both Oriental and Western systems view disease.
Students learn how cameras and the studio work.
Students learn how carbon dioxide and oxygen, nitrogen, and water cycle through ecosystems.
Students learn how cells obtain and use oxygen.
Students learn how changes in the global society affect life and define options.
Students learn how channel activity results in neuronal and sensory system function.
Students learn how circuits work and how to design circuits for a variety of applications.
Students learn how companies identify branding strategies.
Students learn how computer hardware and software are used in preparing architectural documents.
Students learn how computers can be used to communicate with others.
Students learn how computers can be used tocommunicate with others.
Students learn how computers communicate with each other over the internet.
Students learn how cookies track their browsing activities to create online profiles.
Students learn how cultural groups vary from country to country.
Students learn how cultural traditions are passed down through the art of storytelling.
Students learn how cultural, geographic, social, and economic diversity influence history.
Students learn how culture influences communication beyond just the usage of language.
Students learn how cultures shape faith and how faith informs cultures.
Students learn how dance began and developed into an art form.
Students learn how data are used to draw conclusions about populations and processes.
Students learn how data can be used, analyzed, and synthesized in a business situation.
Students learn how designs created in the heads of graphic designers are brought to life.
Students learn how different management strategies affect financial statements.
Students learn how each artifact in a site contributes to the story.
Students learn how each branch of the government is integrated into each level.
Students learn how Earth moves around the sun.
Students learn how economic and environmental issues affect animals and our world.
Students learn how economic systems operate and how money markets work within economic systems.
Students learn how editors play the roles of gatekeeper and quality-control agent.
Students learn how effective various methods of cleanup are and why they are used.
Students learn how electric current flows through series circuits and parallel circuits.
Students learn how emotions affect their own behavior and that of others.
Students learn how energy flow ties together the organisms in an ecosystem.
Students learn how energy from the sun travels through an ecosystem.
Students learn how families can be cared for in the context of addiction.
Students learn how financial systems can add value to a company.
Students learn how flowering plants are classified, named, and identified.
Students learn how flowers and cones form seeds and how pollen is scattered.
Students learn how geometry, geometric shapes, and navigation are used to explore Mars.
Students learn how goods are produced and consumed by playing charades.
Students learn how habitats differ and how organisms can change their environments.
Students learn how hunting accidents are caused and how they can be prevented.
Students learn how ideas are organised in a passage by using the concept of 'subheadings'.
Students learn how important alligators and their waterholes are to Everglades wildlife.
Students learn how inflation, weather affect food prices.
Students learn how information gained in the classroom extends into everyday life.
Students learn how intention and focus can raise their work to a more powerful and healing level.
Students learn how invertebrates and vertebrates are classified.
Students learn how knowledge is acquired, the role of beliefs, truth and justifications, etc.
Students learn how knowledge is obtained in all areas of psychology.
Students learn how logic functions are implemented in combinational and sequential circuits.
Students learn how magnets act and how the earth is like a magnet.
Students learn how manage financial risks through lectures, exercises, and cases.
Students learn how many typical commercial art projects are created using the computer.
Students learn how marshes function and why they are valuable.
Students learn how masks educate the young.
Students learn how math tests are different from other types of tests.
Students learn how molecules can be separated and identified by electrophoresis.
Students learn how musicians cooperate with one another to make great music.
Students learn how natural systems function and how human activities affect ecosystems.
Students learn how non-toxic cleansers can be substituted for hazardous ones in the home.
Students learn how organic compounds are classified and named as well as typical reactions.
Students learn how other students think.
Students learn how parts of a society mutually influence each other and are linked together.
Students learn how people are affected by school, work, and their place in society.
Students learn how people can change and sometimes pollute habitats.
Students learn how physics explains their world.
Students learn how plants adapted to survive in the desert climate.
Students learn how plants and animals are similar and different.
Students learn how plants and animals solve similar problems while coping with environmental change.
Students learn how pricing can be used as a promotional tool.
Students learn how producers and consumers interact in a food chain.
Students learn how public historians think and operate as professionals.
Students learn how radio formats are used to reach a target audience.
Students learn how research, theory and practice are interchangeably related.
Students learn how sales promotion and direct response work together.
Students learn how scientists study the brain.
Students learn how scientists use a variety of telescopes to study objects in space.
Students learn how skulls, teeth, hips, and other key features have changed through time.
Students learn how smoking affects the respiratory system.
Students learn how social meaning is created through linguistic, nonverbal, and cultural style.
Students learn how social scientists investigate social issues and evaluate policy programs.
Students learn how sociologists collect, analyze and report data about the world today.
Students learn how styles evolve as musical elements from varied cultures meet and blend.
Students learn how systems are designed, constructed, supported, evaluated, and improved.
Students learn how tax policies of the past have contributed to tax policies in effect today.
Students learn how technology is changing the way Hollywood delivers entertainment to consumers.
Students learn how the angle of sunlight and different surfaces on the earth affect air temperature.
Students learn how the cheetah's body is adapted for running fast.
Students learn how the cheetah's physiology differs from the other big cats.
Students learn how the Civil War affected civilians in a profound way.
Students learn how the different structural systems work, and how to design simple structures.
Students learn how the economic system works to provide goods and services.
Students learn how the fish are seined, weighed, and then transported to the processor.
Students learn how the human body takes in oxygen and how gas exchange occurs in the lungs.
Students learn how the instrument affects the central nervous system.
Students learn how the menu controls the entire food service operation.
Students learn how the menu influences all functions in commercial and institutional segments.
Students learn how the music is organized and what to listen for as it unfolds.
Students learn how the nervous system coordinates information gathered by the sense organs.
Students learn how the physical elements of our atmosphere create weather.
Students learn how the poses enhance the mind as they relax, strengthen, reshape, and heal the body.
Students learn how the second law and third law apply to air and space travel.
Students learn how the war changed the world and why positive change was so difficult to attain.
Students learn how the yearbook is actually produced.
Students learn how their diet affects their health, appearance, and overall performance.
Students learn how their everyday activities affect local water quality and habitats.
Students learn how their own interests and talents translate into career skills and goals.
Students learn how their voices can activate change, and are transformed.
Students learn how they can get involved in the political process.
Students learn how they can incorporate local historical sites into lesson plans.
Students learn how to accept and direct change in organizations.
Students learn how to access and use resources available for international meetings.
Students learn how to access and use the Internet.
Students learn how to access services and how to apply for reasonable accommodations.
Students learn how to actually do things rather than simply memorizing isolated factual material.
Students learn how to add basic formulas into the cells.
Students learn how to add, manage, and report on property.
Students learn how to administer an ultrasound treatment.
Students learn how to administer and interpret recently developed test of cognitive abilities.
Students learn how to administer assessment tools and write assessment reports.
Students learn how to administer, score, interpret, and report on intellectual functioning.
Students learn how to age deciduous trees and conifers.
Students learn how to analyze a scheduling policy, and the effects of different scheduling policies.
Students learn how to analyze and evaluate current TV and radio programs.
Students learn how to analyze both sides of an argument.
Students learn how to analyze the impact of stabilization policies.
Students learn how to analyze, construct and support arguments written to well-defined audiences.
Students learn how to apply Christian ethics in the workplace.
Students learn how to apply counseling principles to treatment of alcoholics and substance abusers.
Students learn how to apply economic principles to daily situations and experiences.
Students learn how to apply finite element methods in the design of engineering systems.
Students learn how to apply high school mathematics and science to real life.
Students learn how to apply information systems technology to achieve practical solutions.
Students learn how to apply knowledge effectively in their ministry.
Students learn how to apply much of the technology learned at the college.
Students learn how to apply percentages and how to make their own nutritional choices.
Students learn how to apply principles and concepts learned at college.
Students learn how to apply the knowledge they learn.
Students learn how to apply the principles shown in the food guide pyramid to their daily diets.
Students learn how to apply their skills to achieve practical solutions.
Students learn how to apply what they learn from textbooks and in class to a real-world project.
Students learn how to approach real-world problems associated with power systems.
Students learn how to arrange music.
Students learn how to arrange programs, and coordinate meetings, banquet and recreation schedules.
Students learn how to ask searching questions . . .
Students learn how to assess for suicide risk and how to properly intervene.
Students learn how to assess the scene for their safety first.
Students learn how to assess their own and others' work against the performance standards.
Students learn how to assess, develop, plan and evaluate training.
Students learn how to assist civil engineers and inspect construction of all kinds.
Students learn how to assist the dentist with various treatment procedures.
Students learn how to assist their pupils as they construct an understanding of mathematics.
Students learn how to assume responsibility for themselves and the lives of others.
Students learn how to assure that samples are representative.
Students learn how to avoid getting germs and bacteria in their food.
Students learn how to balance a checkbook and live on a budget.
Students learn how to balance themselves using chakras.
Students learn how to be better informed and educated health care consumers.
Students learn how to be effective on the job and in real world situations.
Students learn how to be safe at school, on the bus, and in the neighborhood.
Students learn how to become cooperative and successful.
Students learn how to become educated voters.
Students learn how to become good citizens.
Students learn how to become independent, self directed learners.
Students learn how to become team players, as well as strong individuals.
Students learn how to better predict by reviewing their forecasts and learning from their errors.
Students learn how to block, strike, throw and control or disable an attacker.
Students learn how to budget their time, make priorities, plan a project, etc.
Students learn how to build a network of computers, troubleshoot and repair.
Students learn how to build a rule-based expert system in a variety of application areas.
Students learn how to build and mix several different cocktails.
Students learn how to build explicit connections between ideas and disciplines.
Students learn how to build programs in modules, data types and recursion.
Students learn how to build robots capable of performing a variety of tasks.
Students learn how to build sets, create lighting, mount a play.
Students learn how to calculate hospital statistics.
Students learn how to capsize and right boats.
Students learn how to capture, prepare, and publish multimedia on the Web for instruction.
Students learn how to care for a horse and how to saddle and bridle it, as well as how to ride.
Students learn how to care for animals, prevent diseases, and milk cows in laboratories.
Students learn how to catch, lead, groom, saddle, and bridle their horses safely.
Students learn how to change vector, raster, and digital color images to the multimedia environment.
Students learn how to clean copper using non-toxic substances.
Students learn how to climb safely in a rock climbing class at Meadow Lake.
Students learn how to clone genes.
Students learn how to collaborate with others and develop leadership skills.
Students learn how to collect data and then display the results with pictures and graphs.
Students learn how to collect, analyze, and interpret data.
Students learn how to collect, isolate, and identify a variety of fungi.
Students learn how to communicate about topics and events in the past and the future.
Students learn how to communicate effectively within a corporate organization.
Students learn how to communicate in a broader range of contexts.
Students learn how to communicate on a wide variety of topics in a foreign language.
Students learn how to communicate thoughts, ideas, and basic information in the past.
Students learn how to communicate, accept differences, and share living in the residence halls.
Students learn how to compare and contrast characteristics of animals, with a focus on birds.
Students learn how to compete by striving to do their best.
Students learn how to compile the necessary information and develop operational plans.
Students learn how to complete a research project and write a report.
Students learn how to complete computations without the use of a calculator.
Students learn how to complete job applications, prepare resumes and compete in a job interview.
Students learn how to compose and record original songs and commercial jingles.
Students learn how to conduct a physical conditioning program to ensure good health and fitness.
Students learn how to conduct a sound simulation study.
Students learn how to conduct an experiment and write scientific papers.
Students learn how to conduct and report upon experimental research.
Students learn how to conduct solid analysis in teams and to bring values into play.
Students learn how to confirm reservations and issue tickets.
Students learn how to conjugate stem-changing verbs and are introduced to direct object pronouns.
Students learn how to construct a fully functional online business using current software.
Students learn how to construct and interpret financial statements.
Students learn how to construct and manipulate a marionette and design a stage set.
Students learn how to construct valid classroom tests.
Students learn how to cope in such a situation.
Students learn how to cope with and handle anger in a positive way.
Students learn how to counterweight objects to achieve balance.
Students learn how to cover different types of news events and issues for radio and newscasts.
Students learn how to create a complete data base, including tables, forms, queries, and reports.
Students learn how to create a page with color, links, clip art and tables.
Students learn how to create a page with links, using various colors in the text and background.
Students learn how to create a sequential file, direct files, and index sequential files.
Students learn how to create a website using basic text, graphic, and layout techniques.
Students learn how to create an effective resume, cover letter and list of references.
Students learn how to create and edit presentations, format text, and print presentations.
Students learn how to create and manage computer data files.
Students learn how to create and manipulate objects and store, retrieve, and manipulate data.
Students learn how to create and navigate through frameworks within frameworks.
Students learn how to create animated GIFs.
Students learn how to create computer software.
Students learn how to create efficient skeletons to animate various and strange characters.
Students learn how to create electricity using steam versus water.
Students learn how to create incredible stacks with music, graphics, text, and links.
Students learn how to create models of their school site.
Students learn how to create simple HTML documents incorporating text, links, tables, and images.
Students learn how to create spreadsheets, how to save and retrieve print.
Students learn how to create their own presentation templates and use advanced drawing techniques.
Students learn how to create, edit and print documents.
Students learn how to create, format, save, and retrieve spreadsheets.
Students learn how to create, save, and edit a worksheet.
Students learn how to create, write, and edit stories appropriate for publication.
Students learn how to critically read and evaluate a market or consumer research study.
Students learn how to cut and style hair.
Students learn how to cut, ream, thread, hand bend, and connect conduit.
Students learn how to debate and how to construct and plan an argument statement.
Students learn how to derive a formula to create the spreadsheet.
Students learn how to describe character attributes.
Students learn how to design a project with a specific technique in mind.
Students learn how to design and administer compensation programs which reward employees fairly.
Students learn how to design and analyze electrical and electronic devices.
Students learn how to design and implement analog and digital filters.
Students learn how to design and implement broad scale field biology projects.
Students learn how to design and produce new materials for advanced engineering applications.
Students learn how to design and set-up a database and create and modify data tables.
Students learn how to design experiments and analyze and interpret data by conducting experiments.
Students learn how to design graphics displays using a computer graphics software package.
Students learn how to design processes to realize a variety of device structures and properties.
Students learn how to design, structure and manage daily classroom routines.
Students learn how to determine an appropriate rate of speed in various materials.
Students learn how to determine the resolving power and light gathering ability of a telescope.
Students learn how to develop a planning proposal and get approval from senior management.
Students learn how to develop a thesis.
Students learn how to develop and execute public relations campaigns.
Students learn how to develop and execute sales promotion activities.
Students learn how to develop and implement plans that solve specific problems and issues.
Students learn how to develop presentations.
Students learn how to develop professional marketing plans for new or existing products.
Students learn how to develop, research, organize, adapt, deliver and critique messages.
Students learn how to diagnose and influence the decision-making behavior of small groups.
Students learn how to digitize and manipulate images, voice and video materials.
Students learn how to display, modify, discontinue, hold, and resume orders.
Students learn how to do calculus on their own.
Students learn how to do simple searches, i.e. by title, author or subject.
Students learn how to do storage allocation for databases and to create new databases.
Students learn how to document accurately the pieces before, during, and after treatment.
Students learn how to document sources and learn the academic definition of plagiarism and cheating.
Students learn how to document their layouts, present and sell the layouts to corporate staffs.
Students learn how to draft a contract.
Students learn how to drop images and sound into their pages.
Students learn how to effectively process documents in an office environment.
Students learn how to effectively read and accurately interpret music.
Students learn how to empirically evaluate use interfaces, leading to better ones.
Students learn how to empirically evaluate user interfaces, leading to better ones.
Students learn how to encourage others, create group spirit, and resolve conflict.
Students learn how to engage in risk analysis on a personal level and make decisions accordingly.
Students learn how to enhance decision making using spreadsheet and database management software.
Students learn how to enjoy reading by focusing on literature about themselves and their community.
Students learn how to evaluate an author's philosophy and style.
Students learn how to evaluate and diagnose each disorder.
Students learn how to evaluate and edit manuscripts.
Students learn how to evaluate and enhance their lives personally and professionally.
Students learn how to evaluate auto ads.
Students learn how to evaluate community needs and how to implement an education program.
Students learn how to evaluate conformation of cows compared to the ideal.
Students learn how to evaluate entrepreneurs and their business plans.
Students learn how to evaluate entrepreneurs and their plans for new businesses.
Students learn how to evaluate nutritional status and make appropriate nutritional recommendations.
Students learn how to evaluate published work as well as their own creations.
Students learn how to evaluate the purpose, content, accuracy, and structure of a website.
Students learn how to evaluate their diets and apply the concept taught to their daily lives.
Students learn how to explore their options when faced with personal decisions.
Students learn how to express in English at a restaurant, store, post office, bank.
Students learn how to express their needs, wants, and desires.
Students learn how to express their thoughts in a safe environment.
Students learn how to extract and analyze engineering data.
Students learn how to fabricate and characterize a single-mode polymer optical fiber.
Students learn how to fall properly without hurting themselves.
Students learn how to find and evaluate business opportunities.
Students learn how to find creative solutions to visual problems.
Students learn how to find out.
Students learn how to follow stocks and what the abbreviations mean.
Students learn how to formulate problems for research and implement appropriate research methods.
Students learn how to function as wise consumers.
Students learn how to function linguistically in real-life situations.
Students learn how to gain and keep control over situations involving spanish speaking suspects.
Students learn how to gather and present news in all specialties.
Students learn how to gather information from interviews, surveys, and archives.
Students learn how to gather information, synthesize it, and create and communicate information.
Students learn how to gather, synthesize and disseminate information.
Students learn how to gather, verify, organize and present news for a mass audience.
Students learn how to generate, focus and execute ideas by examining newspaper writing.
Students learn how to get knowledge about a problem into useful form for solving the problem.
Students learn how to get maximum results and reach more people.
Students learn how to get out of the way of what happens naturally.
Students learn how to grow fruits and vegetables.
Students learn how to handle all general phases of real estate practice.
Students learn how to handle and restrain large animals.
Students learn how to handle books and get many opportunities to do so throughout each day.
Students learn how to handle brushes, paints, and other artistic materials.
Students learn how to handle emergency situations.
Students learn how to handle, care for and recognize problems in a number of species.
Students learn how to have an informed and lively engagement with the art in the contemporary world.
Students learn how to help each other responsibly.
Students learn how to help one another and themselves.
Students learn how to help young children to develop numerical relationships and geometric patterns.
Students learn how to highlight, copy, and paste text.
Students learn how to hit the ball, keep score and move their way across a golf course.
Students learn how to how to create project schedule and add dependencies and resources.
Students learn how to identify and motivate adult learners in a variety of settings.
Students learn how to identify plants and how to use mathematical formulas to obtain their data.
Students learn how to identify plants and their antimicrobial properties.
Students learn how to identify strategic opportunities for both predictive and segmentation models.
Students learn how to identify well produced print advertising.
Students learn how to identify, analyze and criticize philosophical ideas.
Students learn how to identify, assess, and develop plans for starting new ventures.
Students learn how to identify, develop and market their skills.
Students learn how to identify, document, and describe appropriate prior learning experiences.
Students learn how to improve their own writing by talking through ideas with their peers.
Students learn how to incorporate and maintain a company in British Columbia.
Students learn how to incorporate computer technology in their speech presentations.
Students learn how to incorporate techniques into a full body treatment.
Students learn how to individualize, adapt, create, and implement integrated learning activities.
Students learn how to input and integrate menus and buttons.
Students learn how to input info into a spreadsheet and turn it into a graph.
Students learn how to install equipment and set up tests to monitor emissions.
Students learn how to install new software and hardware to microcomputers.
Students learn how to install, configure, upgrade, troubleshoot and repair microcomputer hardware.
Students learn how to integrate course content and reasoning skills.
Students learn how to integrate course content with reasoning and study skills.
Students learn how to integrate daylight with artificial light.
Students learn how to integrate instructional technology into a variety of learning environments.
Students learn how to interact with faculty members and fellow students as intellectual colleagues.
Students learn how to interact with one another day to day in their campus community.
Students learn how to interpret and write critical analyses of short fiction, poetry, and drama.
Students learn how to interpret animal tracks.
Students learn how to interpret, critique, and conduct epidemiologic research.
Students learn how to investigate, write-up and present grievances.
Students learn how to keep it all balanced.
Students learn how to lay out grids and drive field boundaries.
Students learn how to lead based on a foundation of integrity and ethics.
Students learn how to learn and do mathematics on their own.
Students learn how to learn in a continuously changing environment.
Students learn how to learn in environments outside the classroom.
Students learn how to learn, a valuable skill in the eyes of employers in a wide variety of fields.
Students Learn How to Learn.
Students learn how to let the suspect's level and type of resistance set up their techniques.
Students learn how to listen, take notes, keep a notebook, and study for maximum learning.
Students learn how to load and fire the kiln, mix glazes, and work on experimental projects.
Students learn how to load, light, and shoot.
Students learn how to locate and release most common energy blocks .
Students learn how to locate consumer health information in three separate areas.
Students learn how to look at art and how to critique each other's work.
Students learn how to look at landscapes and how artists create a sense of depth within a paining.
Students learn how to make and fire ceramic pottery.
Students learn how to make bouquets out of dried peppers or flowers.
Students learn how to make comparisons using similes and metaphors.
Students learn how to make dairy products, such as cheese, yoghurt, cream and ice-cream.
Students learn how to make decisions, take responsibility, and sharpen their ability to analyze.
Students learn how to make effective presentations.
Students learn how to make glazes from raw materials and the basic applications of glaze chemistry.
Students learn how to make healthful choices about food, exercise, and sleep.
Students learn how to make links from their home page to other writing.
Students learn how to make multiple images using a variety of materials.
Students learn how to make product decisions and strategies for distribution, promotion and pricing.
Students learn how to make their bodies capable of expressing the various languages of dance.
Students learn how to make their own writing more engaging, and how to revise their work.
Students learn how to make travel arrangements and prepare itineraries.
Students learn how to make various entries in journals and ledgers.
Students learn how to make well-designed web pages from simple to the complex.
Students learn how to manage ecosystems and ensure the conservation of natural resources.
Students learn how to manage information technologies and exploit their full potential.
Students learn how to manage money and how to manage a food, toy or department store.
Students learn how to manage their time and improve their study habits.
Students learn how to manage, promote, market and care for golf courses.
Students learn how to map socio-economic, climatic, vegetation, geologic, and other kinds of data.
Students learn how to map socio-economic, climatic, vegetative, geologic, and other kinds of data.
Students learn how to match fingered notes with open strings to develop pitch discrimination.
Students learn how to match test results with remedial strategies and develop programs for children.
Students learn how to match their interests with actual jobs.
Students learn how to maximize each skating stroke in order to gain speed and increase endurance.
Students learn how to meet time goals.
Students learn how to modify and use their own caving equipment to carry out a self rescue.
Students learn how to monitor and control industrial processes using a computer.
Students learn how to move more efficiently to reduce potential trauma to their bodies.
Students learn how to multiply with decimal numbers.
Students learn how to network with each other.
Students learn how to operate and maintain the system.
Students learn how to operate equipment and come to understand electrical safety.
Students learn how to operate several types of instruments.
Students learn how to operate the diffractometer, how to design, set up and execute an experiment.
Students learn how to organize a business, as well as how to manufacture and market a product.
Students learn how to organize and compose the literary essay.
Students learn how to organize and plan their academic career so they receive the maximum benefit.
Students learn how to organize and run meetings and how to plan programs effectively.
Students learn how to organize their time and meet deadlines.
Students learn how to organize their writing.
Students learn how to organize, lead, and evaluate various types of small groups.
Students learn how to pass data to and from sub programs.
Students learn how to personally identify and manage stress in a healthy manner.
Students learn how to plan and organize legal forms and documents used in the litigation process.
Students learn how to plan and write a proposal by organizing a field trip.
Students learn how to plan effective short stories before they start writing their own.
Students learn how to plan for flexibility necessary to avoid losses resulting from obsolescence.
Students learn how to plan for their future success now.
Students learn how to plan major projects and evaluate critically the significance of results.
Students learn how to plan major projects and evaluate critically the significance of the results.
Students learn how to plan, manage, and execute the major elements of a modern campaign.
Students learn how to plan, structure, conduct and interpret statistical analyses.
Students learn how to play a meaningful role in solving local water quality problems.
Students learn how to play peacefully and safely.
Students learn how to play their instruments during the sectionals.
Students learn how to play traditional samba instrument including the cavaquinho.
Students learn how to prepare a multimedia presentation for the Internet.
Students learn how to prepare a resume and how to market themselves in an interview.
Students learn how to prepare all types of rolls and taste a special Vietnamese dessert.
Students learn how to prepare and conduct individual training.
Students learn how to prepare meals.
Students learn how to prepare tax returns and compete in a stock market project.
Students learn how to present and analyze data from laboratory and field experiences.
Students learn how to present and analyze data from laboratory and field experiments.
Students learn how to prevent diseases and promote animal health in laboratories.
Students learn how to prevent fire and reduce loss of life and property.
Students learn how to prevent injuries to the nervous system and sense organs.
Students learn how to print a presentation.
Students learn how to problem solve with new text independently.
Students learn how to problem solve, organize information, and think about information in new ways.
Students learn how to process color slides and prints from negatives.
Students learn how to program and manage private, public and non-profit enterprises.
Students learn how to project character on stage through singing and dancing.
Students learn how to project character through singing and dancing.
Students learn how to promote optimal nourishment and health through balanced digestion.
Students learn how to properly climb poles and install line hardware and equipment.
Students learn how to properly write reports for a law enforcement and corrections context.
Students learn how to protect themselves from environmental hazards.
Students learn how to pursue an open ended question under the guidance of a faculty advisor.
Students learn how to put together words into sentences in oral and written form.
Students learn how to read and analyze the income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement.
Students learn how to read and compare the radial and carotid pulses and how to palpate the abdomen.
Students learn how to read and create newspapers.
Students learn how to read and interpret data sheets.
Students learn how to read and interpret environmental impact statements.
Students learn how to read and interpret research articles.
Students learn how to read copy, make a demo tape, acquire an agent, and break into the field.
Students learn how to read stock tables, create a stock portfolio and how to open a savings account.
Students learn how to read, analyze, and compose their own music.
Students learn how to read, respond to, and analyze various kinds of writing.
Students learn how to reason better and how to engage in critical analysis.
Students learn how to reason statistically and how to interpret and draw conclusions from data.
Students learn how to recognize abnormal results and how to adjust laboratory procedures.
Students learn how to recognize and discriminate among a small, manageable number of symbols.
Students learn how to recognize depression and understand what causes it.
Students learn how to recognize different sounds in English and practice their pronunciation.
Students learn how to recognize politics and use power.
Students learn how to relate said defects to their probable causes and remedies.
Students learn how to report and create stories using multimedia tools and techniques.
Students learn how to research and brief a legal issue.
Students learn how to research and write a report and a bibliography.
Students learn how to research and write magazine articles of national magazine quality.
Students learn how to research companies, buy and sell stock, and use various trading strategies.
Students learn how to research legal issues, frame legal arguments, and analyze legal problems.
Students learn how to research statutes, case law, and secondary sources.
Students learn how to research, construct, and perform various kinds of speeches.
Students learn how to research, plan, and implement integrated marketing campaigns.
Students learn how to research, plan, and implement integrated marketing communications campaigns.
Students learn how to resist peer pressure to do drugs.
Students learn how to respect differences and zero in on strong points and talents.
Students learn how to respond to emergencies and provide basic emergency care.
Students learn how to scan.
Students learn how to schedule such complex processes and how to focus management attention.
Students learn how to scowl.
Students learn how to search both electronic and print resources.
Students learn how to search for a subject in the library.
Students learn how to select and apply appropriate methods to theoretical problems.
Students learn how to select and develop healthy alternatives to combat stress and fatigue.
Students learn how to send, receive, reply, and forward e-mail messages.
Students learn how to set and move toward individual personal growth goals.
Students learn how to set goals.
Students learn how to shoot, process negatives, and make black and white photographic prints.
Students learn how to shoot, write and produce a newscast in which they determine story content.
Students learn how to shop for groceries and personal items and how to bank.
Students learn how to sketch, build, set, and operate a simple punch die.
Students learn how to solve problems and apply concepts.
Students learn how to solve problems as well as how to implement the solutions.
Students learn how to speak several words in Spanish.
Students learn how to speak, dress, and act professional at all times.
Students learn how to spot wildlife along the sea shore.
Students learn how to start a piece of writing, shape it, polish it and share it with others.
Students learn how to stay safe around animals.
Students learn how to strip, sand, stain, paint, and varnish wood surfaces.
Students learn how to structure a news story for print and then for broadcast.
Students learn how to structure and deliver effective, informative, and persuasive presentations.
Students learn how to study people and how communities and organizations work.
Students learn how to study the Bible by book, chapter, paragraph, verse, and word.
Students learn how to study.
Students learn how to systematically plan, produce, use, and evalute media.
Students learn how to take and graph scientific data, and to interpret the results.
Students learn how to take care of their environment and develop an appreciation for nature.
Students learn how to take notes from textbook.
Students learn how to take notes in a biology class.
Students learn how to take notes in a math class.
Students learn how to take notes in a science class.
Students learn how to take notes on the course material.
Students learn how to take projects from the development stage to the production line.
Students learn how to talk to the wide range of people involved in space exploration.
Students learn how to teach and then get the opportunity to try it out in an actual classroom.
Students learn how to teach string instruments.
Students learn how to teach the percussion instruments.
Students learn how to teach the technical subject matter associated with microcomputer training.
Students learn how to teach the various brass instruments.
Students learn how to teach the woodwind instruments.
Students learn how to teach.
Students learn how to tear a machine down in seven minutes, rebuild it in a few hours.
Students learn how to think about shapes in three dimensions.
Students learn how to think about thinking.
Students learn how to think ahead while developing self-discipline and confidence.
Students learn how to think creatively to resolve assigned legal problems.
Students learn how to think critically and systematically about all sorts of issues.
Students learn how to think critically and to communicate effectively in a variety of contexts.
Students learn how to tie titzis.
Students learn how to train horses and manage farms upon completion of the program.
Students learn how to translate information from one mode to the other.
Students learn how to treat many athletic injuries.
Students learn how to troubleshoot basic and advanced computer problems with problem resolution.
Students learn how to troubleshoot, maintain, optimize and monitor network traffic using Observer.
Students learn how to tune individual applications for maximum performance.
Students learn how to type a block style letter.
Students learn how to use a camera, develop film, and print in black and white.
Students learn how to use a camera, process film, and print black and white photographs.
Students learn how to use a digital camera to capture images of their practicum experiences.
Students learn how to use a valuable set of problem-solving tools called heuristics.
Students learn how to use a Web browser to navigate, search and explore the Web.
Students learn how to use an algebraic formula to determine their populations.
Students learn how to use and how to enjoy leisure time.
Students learn how to use and integrate different software to accomplish extensive tasks.
Students learn how to use and make maps.
Students learn how to use both versions of the tools.
Students learn how to use cameras and editing equipment to produce news stories.
Students learn how to use compound paths, and create masks with paths and type.
Students learn how to use computer equipment to create and manipulate digital audio files.
Students learn how to use computers in business.
Students learn how to use dictionaries, thesauruses, and other reference materials.
Students learn how to use different kinds of numbers and basic operations.
Students learn how to use digital multimeters.
Students learn how to use DSS to model systems of interest.
Students learn how to use DSS to study problems in their respective fields of interest.
Students learn how to use each of several technologies.
Students learn how to use financial statements and analysis to make informed financial decisions.
Students learn how to use modern engineering tools supporting performance evaluation.
Students learn how to use note cards to collect information and write a paragraph.
Students learn how to use painted papers, collage, crayon resist, watercolors and tempera paints.
Students learn how to use personal computers and common business applications.
Students learn how to use plants as the major elements in residential landscape design.
Students learn how to use post-implementation reviews to aid in subsequent managerial decisions.
Students learn how to use precision and non-precision instruments.
Students learn how to use quantitative data to answer questions about the social environment.
Students learn how to use research and reference sources pertinent to literary study.
Students learn how to use samples to reason about populations and make comparisons and predictions.
Students learn how to use skills from many areas to solve problems and to enhance their lives.
Students learn how to use software packages on a standard personal computer.
Students learn how to use technology to present their work to others.
Students learn how to use text substitution to provide extra power and flexibility.
Students learn how to use the Internet as a tool for expressing themselves or finding information.
Students learn how to use the library, engage in research, handle sources, and synthesize materials.
Students learn how to use the paint program to create a tessellation.
Students learn how to use their imaginations and to use language precisely and efficiently.
Students learn how to use their imaginations to get ideas for their own art making.
Students learn how to use theoretical concepts to illuminate a practical problem.
Students learn how to use video equipment in the field and how to edit their work in the studio.
Students learn how to use Web browsers, search engines and e-mail.
Students learn how to utilise their bodies efficiently to generate more power.
Students learn how to work and solve problems with others in a rational way.
Students learn how to work effectively as part of a research group.
Students learn how to work in groups, independently, and share responsibility for learning process.
Students learn how to work out the grammar of a language from raw data.
Students learn how to work together across time zones and different languages.
Students learn how to work together as a team, support each other and just have fun.
Students learn how to work with each other effectively.
Students learn how to work with microphones and how to mix with a rhythm section.
Students learn how to work with small volumes with micropipets.
Students learn how to work with their own to foster growth and understanding of one's potential.
Students learn how to write a good scene and avoid mere generic descriptions.
Students learn how to write a research paper in connection with an assignment for religion class.
Students learn how to write a story.
Students learn how to write and edit their work by interacting with the software.
Students learn how to write and present newscasts by means of video presentations.
Students learn how to write book reviews which are published and made available to other students.
Students learn how to write concisely and effectively.
Students learn how to write maintainable, well documented code.
Students learn how to write more effectively through a variety of academic writing assignments.
Students learn how to write proofs.
Students learn how to write scripts that control the dynamics and interactions with a database.
Students learn how to write sentences, numbers, attributions, titles, etc. for broadcast.
Students learn how to write using conversation.
Students learn how toothpaste can be substituted for silver polish in the home.
Students learn how various parts work together to support life.
Students learn how visual perception gives rise to the underlying language of vision.
Students learn HTML with hands-on applications for each new topic.
Students learn hyperbaric medicine and other special topics.
Students learn ideas and practices to do with sustainability.
Students learn image processing techniques in order to analyze their images.
Students learn image synthesis, image processing, and visualization.
Students learn important fundamentals appropriate for all types of business firms.
Students learn important school of thought and frameworks for creating and evaluating strategy.
Students learn important skills provided by varied by varied businesses throughout the city.
Students learn in a collaborative environment where their ideas and research carry respect.
Students learn in a collaborative environment.
Students learn in a congenial, low-stress atmosphere.
Students learn in a co-operative environment which emphasises sound literacy and numeracy skills.
Students learn in a cooperative manner by working together instead of competing with one another.
Students learn in a family-like atmosphere.
Students learn in a fun overnight camp setting, taught by graduate students in each speciality.
Students learn in a lab that simulates a distance learning studio and remote site environment.
Students learn in a laboratory setting with simulated patients.
Students learn in a manner that values their strengths and develops their latent abilities.
Students learn in a many different ways.
Students learn in a myriad of different ways.
Students learn in a nurturing climate of mutual respect and tolerance.
Students learn in a positive environment, which is safe, respectful, caring, fair, and realistic.
Students learn in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere in newly renovated classrooms.
Students learn in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere.
Students learn in a safe, positive environment where diversity is celebrated.
Students learn in a shop environment where they acquire automotive and computerized billing skills.
Students learn in a small-class environment that emphasizes interaction with faculty.
Students learn in a supportive atmosphere and build upon what they already know.
Students learn in a variety of ways.
Students learn in a visual, interactive, and dynamic way.
Students learn in all areas of the fine arts, visual, vocal and instrumental music, drama and dance.
Students learn in an environment that promotes critical thinking and self confidence.
Students learn in an environment which encourages initiative and collaboration.
Students learn in an environment which is safe, healthy and caring.
Students learn in an environment which places a high value on a stimulating intellectual life.
Students learn in association with faculty who are renowned as teachers and scientists.
Students learn in classrooms and at individual workstations with computers.
Students learn in context.
Students learn in different ways and at different rates.
Students learn in different ways and in a variety of environments.
Students learn in different ways and study in different ways.
Students learn in different ways, at different times and at different rates.
Students learn in different ways.
Students learn in English and their first language.
Students learn in fluctuating situations and environments.
Students learn in greater depth than in the previous unit.
Students learn in many different ways, in fact, they can even learn from each other.
Students learn in many settings.
Students learn in many ways.
Students learn in rural outpatient clinics and city hospitals.
Students learn in small classes and benefit from individual attention.
Students learn in small classes and work closely with dedicated instructors.
Students learn in small classes from published scholars.
Students learn in small groups and reflect on their own and children's learning.
Students learn in small groups in and out of the classroom.
Students learn in small groups in which other riders are on their own level of riding ability.
Students learn in small groups led by a team of advanced master's candidates.
Students learn in small groups, labs, and resource sessions by focusing on case studies.
Students learn in small instructional groups based on academic skill level rather than grade.
Students learn in so many different ways.
Students learn in technology-rich classrooms and libraries with access to worldwide resources.
Students learn in the classroom and then have hands-on training to apply the theory.
Students learn in three-week units about the various body systems.
Students learn in ways that are identifiably distinctive.
Students learn indepedently, interactively.
Students learn independent living skills .
Students learn independently and with others as they construct their maps.
Students learn in-depth scanning techniques and manipulate digital images for offset reproduction.
Students learn individually as well as in groups and with partners.
Students learn industry standard processes and software in their area of chosen study.
Students learn infant massage using a combination of Swedish and Indian massage strokes.
Students learn information in a realistic context.
Students learn initiative and responsibility.
Students learn initiative in anticipating customer needs, while turning customers into loyal allies.
Students learn inspection techniques for steam generator and heat exchanger tubing.
Students learn interactively in small classes.
Students learn intermediate radio production along with digital multi-channel recording technology.
Students learn international financial analysis by doing it.
Students learn internet skills, writing skills, critical thinking skills, and quantitative skills.
Students learn Internet skills, writing skills, critical thinking skills, and quantitative skills.
Students learn interpretation of the recorded events for diagnosis enhancement.
Students learn interpretive, critical methods for looking at mass media products as art forms.
Students learn interview and note taking techniques.
Students learn interviewing skills as they are used in social work practice.
Students learn invaluable leadership skills, how to work with peers, and that communication is key.
Students learn invaluable oral communication skills and the fear of public speaking fades.
Students learn isometric techniques and their specific and general applications.
Students learn issues of law and ethics in part by working from hypothetical cases.
Students learn it is okay for women to operate differently than men.
Students learn it on their own, and they learn it from others, most especially their teachers.
Students learn it very quickly.
Students learn jazz theory and harmony as well as study the solos of jazz masters.
Students learn job seeking skills and participate in job shadowing and work sample training.
Students learn job skills, ethics, effective communication, and work attitudes.
Students learn joint locks to immobilize their partners, getting further proprioceptive input.
Students learn journalistic skills while producing the school yearbook.
Students learn key aspects of counselling in the classroom.
Students learn key characteristics of bony and cartilaginous fish.
Students learn key laboratory techniques in exercise physiology.
Students learn key signatures, chords, modes and scales, transposition and analysis.
Students learn key terms and apply the three steps to situations described in the text.
Students learn keyboard performance skills as well as music theory and composition.
Students learn keyboard performance skills as well as music theory and technique.
Students learn keyboarding, computer skills, and do curriculum enrichment activities.
Students learn knots, tying, splicing, uses of rope and basic rigging techniques.
Students learn knowledge and skills for making life-supporting choices for a healthy, balanced life.
Students learn lab techniques.
Students learn laboratory techniques utilized in electron and light microscopy .
Students learn landscape design, development, maintenance.
Students learn language acquisition theory in relation to teaching practice.
Students learn language and acquire positive cross-cultural attitudes from each other and teachers.
Students learn language arts in an integrated curriculum which is literature based.
Students learn language from each other.
Students learn language through experiences with language.
Students learn language, math, science, research and technology skills in a real world setting.
Students learn Latin and Greek prefixes, bases, and suffixes.
Students learn Latin dances and dance the night away.
Students learn layout, photography, copy writing, graphic arts, and computer technology.
Students learn leadership and management skills important in any profession.
Students learn leadership and teamwork by working together in teams on a project.
Students learn leadership skills and are able to select appropriate management styles.
Students learn leadership skills and the value of civic responsibility.
Students learn leadership skills by participating in social and club activities.
Students learn legal process from the unique point of view of a sitting judge.
Students learn legal reasoning and analysis and acquire knowledge of certain areas of law.
Students learn legal regulations of related to employment as well as employment opportunities.
Students learn less from their classes and are subjected to accumulating stress.
Students learn lesson and unit planning as required by teacher evaluation systems.
Students learn lessons from fiction and non-fiction stories.
Students learn letters and acquire new vocabulary.
Students learn library research methods, develop a topic, and gather materials for a final thesis.
Students learn library research techniques and are introduced to word processing.
Students learn library techniques through self-directed analysis.
Students learn life lessons and experience things they never imagined.
Students learn life planning, career planning, and educational planning methods.
Students learn life skills and gain experiences that employers are looking for.
Students learn life, earth, and physical science concepts.
Students learn lifelong refusal skills.
Students learn linear system theory for sampled data systems.
Students learn listening and memory strategies important for academic success.
Students learn listening techniques, sightsinging, basic keyboard skills, and analysis.
Students learn literal reading skills, as well as inferential and evaluative thinking skills.
Students learn literary forms and terms associated with selections being read.
Students learn litigation skills, legislative drafting and lobbying, and community education.
Students learn load-bearing qualities of each piece along with knots.
Students learn logic skills to discover which one is guilty.
Students learn logic, conceptual analysis, and critical thinking.
Students learn magic tricks, but the real lesson is that science is magical.
Students learn maintenance and care of materials and studio.
Students learn major political ideas and forms of government in history.
Students learn management and leadership skills and to work on a team.
Students learn management skills by designing and conducting horse shows.
Students learn manual communication to construct words and phrases.
Students learn manual skills for cleaning and polishing teeth.
Students learn many art terms, basic theory, and the production process.
Students learn many concepts related to their area of study as they share ideas.
Students learn many different things while on the trip abroad.
Students learn many different types of dances in standing and sitting positions.
Students learn many facets of the radio profession through their participation in the station.
Students learn many fascinate facts.
Students learn many job related skills such as team work and organizing time.
Students learn many phases of creating excellent video and broadcast products.
Students learn many techniques to developing better photographs.
Students learn map making.
Students learn marketable skills.
Students learn massage by giving and receiving massage everyday.
Students learn math and calculus by studying how rainbows are formed.
Students learn math by being actively involved in making sense of concepts and skills.
Students learn math by mental computation.
Students learn math, measuirng, and metrics through hands-on practice.
Students learn mathematical concepts and teaching strategies.
Students learn mathematical skills in functional approximations and transformations.
Students learn mathematics best when they construct their own mathematical understanding.
Students learn mathematics skills as they design and build their dream house.
Students learn mathematics through the experiences that teachers provide.
Students learn mathematics through the experiences that the teachers provide.
Students learn mathematics when they understand it deeply and are able to use it effectively.
Students learn mathematics while the teacher creates a new seating chart.
Students learn medical skills from medical schools and hospital residencies.
Students learn medical terminology and business concepts desirable in today's medical environments.
Students learn metal properties, pattern layout and tooling.
Students learn methods and principles of radiation protection for both patient and technologist.
Students learn methods and protocols for massage of myalgia, myositis, periostitis, and radiculitis.
Students learn methods and techniques through observation, active participation, and classes.
Students learn methods for assessing economic and policy issues raised by information technology.
Students learn methods for the collection and quantitation of ambient air samples.
Students learn methods of building, maintaining, and supporting a fully functional intranet.
Students learn methods of determining structural misalignment.
Students learn methods of looking at, thinking about, recording, and designing the landscape.
Students learn methods of payment and verfication of coverage by third party payers.
Students learn methods of payment and verification of coverage by third party payers.
Students learn methods of safe and container entry, both covert and drilling neutralization methods.
Students learn methods of securing systems from fraudulent data.
Students learn methods that enhance and utilize the body's instinctive ability to heal itself.
Students learn methods to alleviate muscular tension for tranquility of mind.
Students learn methods to detect and monitor pollutants and assess their biological effects.
Students learn methods to help identify their personal strengths and approach positive risk-taking.
Students learn methods used in automated cartographic data capture and image formation.
Students learn methods.
Students learn metric measurement.
Students learn metrical and formal conventions and how to write poems in both formal and free verse.
Students learn milestones in each area of development in first eight years of life.
Students learn military written communication formats and briefing techniques.
Students learn minimum impact techniques in backpacking, river running, climbing and camping.
Students learn modeling concepts and techniques, texture mapping, lighting, and camera positions.
Students learn modeling in light and shade composition.
Students learn modern copyediting skills.
Students learn modern data reduction and analysis techniques using available software.
Students learn modern drafting and design techniques.
Students learn modern experimental techniques in optics and photonics.
Students learn modern methods of observational astronomy.
Students learn modern methods of planning, producing and controlling manufactured goods.
Students learn more about careers and college opportunities through real-life experiences.
Students learn more about observing nature and recording data.
Students learn more about principles by experience.
Students learn more about proper technique and hit more balls.
Students learn more about teaching careers by visiting displays and asking questions.
Students learn more about the expectations and needs of employers.
Students learn more about the people and places of their own land and neighboring countries.
Students learn more about their family history as well as history itself.
Students learn more about themselves as they study the changes that occur in puberty.
Students learn more about themselves.
Students learn more accurate syntax, pragmatic ways of expression, and ways of thinking in Quechua.
Students learn more advanced procedures and practice corrective measures.
Students learn more advanced techniques used in various drawing methods for business.
Students learn more advanced vocal skills and perform concerts at school and in the community.
Students learn more and better when they are active participants in the learning process.
Students learn more and better when they take control of their own learning.
Students learn more and produce at a higher level when they feel their work matters.
Students learn more and think in deeper, more complex ways in a diverse educational environment.
Students learn more because the program is focused.
Students learn more because they are spending less time on repition and rountine activites.
Students learn more by doing than by watching.
Students learn more by experimenting than by watching.
Students learn more from a coherent and developmental sequence of courses.
Students learn more from doing real projects for real clients.
Students learn more from good examples and models than they do from criticism of their own work.
Students learn more from the act of listening than from any other perceptual act.
Students learn more if the residence hall is quiet.
Students learn more in less time and remember it longer.
Students learn more in less time, with less frustration.
Students learn more in Nevada County schools . . .
Students learn more in, and also enjoy, a firm environment.
Students learn more keys, chord combinations, and performance of more complex compositions.
Students learn more quickly and easily if information is given in context.
Students learn more quickly when they are always praised for desirable behaviors.
Students learn more readily when they area part of the process.
Students learn more responsiblity, respect, and self-discipline, while still having fun.
Students learn more seeing classmates summarize material.
Students learn more sophisticated .
Students learn more supervised learning algorithms.
Students learn more than mapmaking.
Students learn more than the what and when, they learn why.
Students learn more that way than any other way.
Students learn more when teachers have more time.
Students learn more when their teacher knows more.
Students learn more when they discuss the subject at hand.
Students learn more when they feel as if they are a part of a comfortable environment.
Students learn more when they receive prompt, trusted feedback.
Students learn more when they study in groups.
Students learn more when they've having fun.
Students learn more with an integrated approach to mathematics.
Students learn more, and accept more, when their peers reemphasize course concepts.
Students learn more, and what they learn is more important.
Students learn more, increasing productivity and effectiveness.
Students learn most effectively when they are actively engaged in the learning process.
Students learn most effectively when they have had a central role in the discovery process.
Students learn most of the fundamentals of tap and basic jazz dance movements.
Students learn movements in basic positions to improve movement quality, awareness and function.
Students learn movements, traditional songs and how to play instruments used in a capoeira roda.
Students learn much about computers outside school.
Students learn much about interpersonal relationships from observing their teachers in action.
Students learn much about the environment, ecology and themselves.
Students learn much faster and retain the knowledge when they are involved in hands-on education.
Students learn much from characters they identify with.
Students learn much from one another.
Students learn much more about the culture and lifestyles.
Students learn multi-layer wiping, viscosity printing and collage techniques.
Students learn multi-level skills in a social and economic justice framework.
Students learn multimedia concepts, elements, platforms, and production.
Students learn music, Spanish, computer skills, and daily physical education.
Students learn musicianship, vocal quality, and performance skills.
Students learn necessary skills.
Students learn necessary work-related skills throughout.
Students learn needlepoint, crochet, cross stitch, quilting, beading, and wreath making.
Students learn needs assessment approaches for a community-wide system of health care services.
Students learn negotiation and mediation skills.
Students learn neonatal resuscitation standards.
Students learn network concepts, standards and protocols used in the client server environment.
Students learn new and exciting outdoor skills from our talented instructors.
Students learn new and traditional tools used in design and pattern-making.
Students learn new applications quickly and often surpass their teachers.
Students learn new concepts and reinforce their math skills through games and hands-on activities.
Students learn new concepts by making musical comparisons.
Students learn new information and apply it when designing in studio.
Students learn new information from their peers' papers.
Students learn new knowledge and skills that contribute to their education.
Students learn new mathematical ideas while having fun acting and working together in groups.
Students learn new skills and practice previously learned skills throughout the year.
Students learn new skills such as multiplication, division, and multi-step problem solving.
Students learn new technologies often required in today's job market.
Students learn new vocabulary in addition to their weekly spelling words.
Students learn new ways of knowing and participating in their increasingly diverse world.
Students learn new ways of looking at things and explore new ways of problem solving.
Students learn new ways to spot wildlife in their own backyard or park.
Students learn norms for section leadership and develop listening skills that enhance musicianship.
Students learn notes, staff, rhythm, time, plus the words and language of music.
Students learn numbers, letters and following directions.
Students learn numerous office systems and procedures essential for today's business world.
Students learn nutrition principles while discussing current nutrition issues and controversies.
Students learn observation and measuring skills.
Students learn observation skills in the forest, and explore components of a forest ecosystem.
Students learn observation skills, metric measurements and how to record data in a data table.
Students learn of responsibility and society along with their math and sciences.
Students learn of scholarship opportunities in geology and other disciplines.
Students learn of social service, health, and income policy with the aged.
Students learn of techniques in habitat restoration and the reclamation of spoilt habitats.
Students learn of the Christian heritage by studying the history and teachings of the church.
Students learn on a private practice hole course .
Students learn on a variety of auto manufacturers vehicles.
Students learn on college-owned components and live vehicles.
Students learn on demand, when they want to.
Students learn on sophisticated equipment.
Students learn on the job about wildland fire.
Students learn on their own with very little help.
Students learn online how to use a protractor.
Students learn only when they want to learn.
Students learn operation and maintenance of dental equipment, instruments and materials.
Students learn operation of video switcher, TelePrompTer, lighting board and studio cameras.
Students learn optical fiber fabrication and cabling.
Students learn organizational and study skills to support their learning.
Students learn orientation and theory in the classroom.
Students learn painting, drawing, coloring, ceramics and other skills.
Students learn painting, staining and how to finish drywall.
Students learn parts of plants and understand how to do simple experiments.
Students learn parts to a whole, sequencing.
Students learn passing, dribbling, shooting, heading and goalkeeping.
Students learn passively as professors lecture.
Students learn pattern drafting and sewing.
Students learn peer mediation and then become mediators for other students involved in disputes.
Students learn periodic adjustments, closing procedures, and preparation of financial statements.
Students learn personal evangelism, tract ministry, intercessory prayer and personal devotions.
Students learn personal finances.
Students learn personal, family, and community history.
Students learn personality assessment more effectively with use of the personal computers available.
Students learn persuasive techniques used in political communcation, news media, and advertising.
Students learn phonics from various experiences with printed language.
Students learn phonics or sounding out in the context of reading children's literature.
Students learn phonics-based touch typing and other computer skills in first grade.
Students learn photolithography, and use of vacuum systems, furnaces, and device-testing equipment.
Students learn physics, engineering concepts through weekly hands-on projects.
Students learn pixel and vector based programs to achieve different effects and styles.
Students learn planetary characteristics.
Students learn planning skills, and leadership skills.
Students learn plans, elevations, sections, and details.
Students learn plant mounting and Typing .
Students learn plant terminology and how to identify plants.
Students learn pointer arithmetic, dynamic memory allocation, structures, and abstract data types.
Students learn political science.
Students learn popular word processing, design and drawing software.
Students learn positive ways to manage anger and solve conflicts.
Students learn positive ways to resolve conflict.
Students learn practical applications of self-defense techniques in a variety of situations.
Students learn practical approaches for the establishment of routines and codes of conduct.
Students learn practical biblical principles vital to the mission field or church.
Students learn practical information that helps to overcome common obstacles.
Students learn practical management skills which have immediate applicability in the business world.
Students learn practical skills for verbal self defense.
Students learn practical skills for verbal self-defense.
Students learn practical skills to recognize, intervene, and stop violence.
Students learn practical vocabulary and basic sentence patterns as well as correct pronunciation.
Students learn practical writing skills, such as preparing resumes, proposals, and progress reports.
Students learn practical, real-world skills.
Students learn principles and concepts upon which actual flight procedures are based.
Students learn principles and techniques needed to conduct informational and supportive interviews.
Students learn principles of client teaching and focus nursing care on health maintenance.
Students learn principles of control theory and their application to chemical processes.
Students learn principles of map design and produce a variety of computer generated maps and graphs.
Students learn principles of map design and produce a variety of computer-generated maps and graphs.
Students learn principles of mathematical thinking by investigating a particular mathematical topic.
Students learn principles of work and learning system design that help to improve human performance.
Students learn principles relating to dyadic and small group interaction.
Students learn problem solving and math skills.
Students learn problem-solving strategies and reading for information across content areas.
Students learn problem-solving, and they also get a taste of competition at a young age.
Students learn procedures and processes rather than memorizing answers .
Students learn procedures under the guidance of general dentists.
Students learn processes such as photo-silkscreen printing, resist dyeing, and block printing.
Students learn production and development techniques for webcasting.
Students learn production, writing and editing skills.
Students learn professional and personal development skills.
Students learn professional practice methods and obtain valuable hands-on experience.
Students learn professional skills of children's nurturing and education.
Students learn program design and construction techniques.
Students learn program logic.
Students learn programming, networking-tech support, multimedia, web authoring and animation.
Students learn programming, web page design, corporate etiquette and project management.
Students learn pronunciation, vocabulary and grammar tips in cognate environments.
Students learn proper analysis and design procedures, and their roles in the development process.
Students learn proper balance, speed, power and control.
Students learn proper format for the business letter, a newspaper article, or a legal brief.
Students learn proper keyboarding techniques in a fun, user-friendly format.
Students learn proper laboratory procedures and participate in actual ongoing research.
Students learn proper nutrition through the food pyramid.
Students learn proper operational and safety procedures as well as terminology related to computers.
Students learn proper procedure for manuscript preparation and submission.
Students learn proper report format.
Students learn proper swing fundamentals, rules, etiquette and more.
Students learn proper techniques and do's and don'ts of long range precision shooting.
Students learn proper techniques for assisted and self rescue.
Students learn proper techniques for body mechanics, back care, and transfers.
Students learn proper techniques for diving at night.
Students learn proper techniques for diving under the ice.
Students learn proper techniques for performing search and recovery diving.
Students learn proper training techniques in club training sessions.
Students learn proper use of surveying equipment.
Students learn properties.
Students learn psychomotor and critical thinking skills in the Nursing Skills Lab.
Students learn public speaking skills as they learn to defend their placings with oral reasons.
Students learn qualitative research techniques within the context of anthropological theory.
Students learn quality control and troubleshooting.
Students learn quantitative skills and how to analyze data.
Students learn quantitative, qualitative, and mixed-method approaches.
Students learn quantity take off and pricing techniques.
Students learn quickly how to prepare for a discussion question and how to best participate.
Students learn quickly that a lecture is a known quantity and can plan their time accordingly.
Students learn quickly what they are supposed to answer.
Students learn racing safety such as the meaning of the different flags, and how to pass safely.
Students learn radar plotting, radar navigation and radar operations.
Students learn radiation hazards, evaluation methods, prevention, and decontamination.
Students learn reading and writing, practice conversational skills and listening comprehension.
Students learn reading through a variety of literature.
Students learn real world skills from educators who have career experience.
Students learn real-world experiences by working directly with plants, animals and soil.
Students learn recycling and arts and crafts.
Students learn reduces forms common in informat speech.
Students learn refrigeration, electrical, defrost, and ice maker systems.
Students learn rehabilitation techniques and prosthetic training for lower extremity amputees.
Students learn relationships between wavelength and energy.
Students learn rendering for backgrounds, moods, action, and lighting direction.
Students learn rendering techniques, color systems, and the basic principles of repeat pattern.
Students learn reporting, writing, editing, and graphic design skills.
Students learn required forms, sparring tactics, as well as various street defense techniques.
Students learn research and are enriched by literature supporting classroom instruction.
Students learn research design, systematic observation, interviewing, fieldnote-taking, coding.
Students learn research methodologies applicable to their chosen field.
Students learn research methodology in the natural and social sciences.
Students learn research methods of the study of Psychology and critical thinking processes.
Students learn research methods.
Students learn research skills and gain an appreciation for academic rigor.
Students learn research skills more readily when skills are shared through cooperative learning.
Students learn research skills.
Students learn research techniques and complete a research paper.
Students learn research techniques and strategies that enhance their learning.
Students learn research, organization and presentation techniques for formal speeches.
Students learn researdled based instructional strategies for remediating reading problems.
Students learn respect for music abilities and interests of others.
Students learn respect for others and for differences among people.
Students learn responsibility and organizational skills.
Students learn responsibility and thus are empowered to achieve success.
Students learn responsibility, confidence, and the joys of teamwork.
Students learn re-structuring and revision and the legalities affecting writers.
Students learn results.
Students learn resume writing and job seeking skills.
Students learn roles.
Students learn routed and routing protocols.
Students learn routine maintenance by working on customers' vehicles.
Students learn routine skills, such as balancing a checkbook.
Students learn rules and strategies and practice grip, strokes, footwork, and court coverage.
Students learn rules for handling systematic errors, random errors and blunders.
Students learn rules of the road, ship nonmenclature, knots, splices and general seamanship topics.
Students learn rules, defensive and offensive tactics.
Students learn safety precautions for locomotor and non-locomotor activities.
Students learn scales, transposition, harmonization, four-part hymns, and classical works.
Students learn schematic symbols and their use in wiring diagrams.
Students learn school policies, safety procedures, and first aid.
Students learn science best through active participation in learning.
Students learn science best through hands-on experiences.
Students learn science by acquiring knowledge, and constructing explanations of natural phenomena.
Students learn science by conducting laboratory experiments in the classroom and in the field.
Students learn science by conducting scientific experiments and research.
Students learn science by describing objects and events, and asking questions.
Students learn science by doing science.
Students learn science can be fun and educational.
Students learn science through authentic, hands-on activities.
Students learn science, language arts, social studies, math and technology.
Students learn science.
Students learn sciences basic to medicine in a small-group interactive format.
Students learn scientific concepts and their application to real life.
Students learn scientific principles through careful study and analysis.
Students learn scientific skills and concepts through a variety of hands-on learning activities.
Students learn scripting, shooting, and digital video editing.
Students learn sectioning and blocking, winding, and saturation methods.
Students learn self organization .
Students learn self-discipline and responsibility for their actions.
Students learn self-esteem.
Students learn self-organization.
Students learn self-treatment and treating others.
Students learn set then progressive maneuvers designed to negate an opponent s weight and strength.
Students learn several approaches to problem solving and their applications.
Students learn several aspects of casual speech including grammar, idioms, and slang.
Students learn several aspects of sailing, oystering, and marine research.
Students learn several different methods of analyzing industries and companies.
Students learn several ways of testing arguments for validity.
Students learn shading, highlighting and glazing.
Students learn shapes, colors and the fundamentals of the language.
Students learn shooting techniques, safety, range operations, and competitive shooting skills.
Students learn shop skills in welding and small motor operation.
Students learn significant differences between Latin and English.
Students learn simple techniques for working with a variety of materials.
Students learn simple, effective tools to use in a variety of situations.
Students learn singing, music leadership skills, and critical listening.
Students learn singsong gimmicks for how to solve word problems, add fractions and divide decimals.
Students learn situations to which theories can apply.
Students learn six to eight hours a day in longer courses or two to three hours in shorter courses.
Students learn skill that can be used the rest of their lives.
Students learn skills and move from theory to practice to theory in safe environment.
Students learn skills and philosophy as a means of developing their bodies, minds and spirit.
Students learn skills and techniques for the creation of a variety of visual applications.
Students learn skills and techniques in all phases of hair, makeup, skin and nail care.
Students learn skills applicable to the teaching of occupational preparation classes.
Students learn skills for doing phonological analysis of individual languages.
Students learn skills for effective self-correction.
Students learn skills for page layout, cropping, and copy editing.
Students learn skills in assessment, treatment,prevention,and education.
Students learn skills in decision-making, planning, budgeting and policy evaluation.
Students learn skills in program development that they apply to real- life problems.
Students learn skills in rock climbing, whitewater canoeing, orienteering, and camping.
Students learn skills in their classes and in optional sessions offered outside of classroom hours.
Students learn skills necessary to perform as a dental assistant.
Students learn skills needed to become a newspaper or yearbook staff member.
Students learn skills needed to purchase and care for their clothes.
Students learn skills of location shooting, recording and editing used in television broadcasting.
Students learn skills related to health care.
Students learn skills relevant to interacting at home, school and work.
Students learn skills required for job competence.
Students learn skills required to obtain entry level jobs in all areas of masonry construction.
Students learn skills such as good listening, problem solving, and validating others' opinions.
Students learn skills such as resum writing and doing job interviews in Spanish.
Students learn skills such as the serve, the set, the bump, and rules.
Students learn skills that are applied in a wide range of jobs related to woodworking home building.
Students learn skills to analyze processes and to improve group effectiveness.
Students learn skills to analyze the legitimacy of political systems in vastly different contexts.
Students learn skills to help with adolescence and life.
Students learn skills useful for publication of archaeological finds.
Students learn skills while editing in the audio production studio .
Students learn skills, presentation techniques and in some instances use computer graphics.
Students learn skills.
Students learn so much about the culture, the language, and more.
Students learn so much from each other, sometimes more than from faculty.
Students learn social action skills.
Students learn social dancing skills and dance floor etiquette for three weeks.
Students learn social research by participating in faculty projects or developing their own studies.
Students learn social skills that are important.
Students learn software for desktop and web publishing.
Students learn software for notation, sequencing, aural skills training, and CD-ROM study.
Students learn software tools with examples of applications, projects, and simulations.
Students learn some by heart and can recite others with a few visual clues.
Students learn some practical geometry and a little algebra too.
Students learn some useful file management skills.
Students learn something about empathy.
Students learn song and dance movements.
Students learn sophisticated vocabulary and grammar.
Students learn Spanish primarily to communicate in Spanish with Spanish-speaking people.
Students learn Spanish through art projects that focus on the Spanish-speaking world.
Students learn Spanish vocabulary with visuals and hands-on activities.
Students learn Spanish, which further enhances the process of change.
Students learn speaking and listening skills and address cross-cultural communication issues.
Students learn speaking and writing skills, as well as reading strategies and study skills.
Students learn specialized skills of inhibiting, directed thinking and reliable sensory perception.
Students learn specific concepts.
Students learn specific drafting methods.
Students learn specific listening skills.
Students learn specific strategies in content area reading.
Students learn specific ways to improve designs and implementations.
Students learn speed and accuracy in document production.
Students learn speed, coordination, and teamwork.
Students learn spirituality, self-defense through martial art.
Students learn stage deportment, acting, and organizational skills.
Students learn standard concert band instruments in small and large group settings.
Students learn standard English grammar, idioms, vocabulary, spelling and pronunciation.
Students learn statistics associated with card games and develop statistical trials using dice.
Students learn step by step procedures for solving equations.
Students learn strategic principles in order to market themselves.
Students learn strategies for critical thinking skills.
Students learn strategies for developing high-quality and effective groups.
Students learn strategies for developing high-quality and productive groups.
Students learn strategies for extended writing assignments at the university.
Students learn strategies for nurturing technological innovation within their organizations.
Students learn strategies for reading both fiction and nonfiction selections.
Students learn strategies for remembering basic facts and enjoy games which re-enforce concepts.
Students learn strategies for taking chemistry tests.
Students learn strategies for taking geology lecture and lab tests.
Students learn strategies for taking math tests.
Students learn strategies for taking personal responsibility for their health.
Students learn strategies for taking tests on the computer.
Students learn strategies for working out projects.
Students learn strategies to apply to any kind of writing.
Students learn strategies to help remember basic facts.
Students learn strategies to improve vocabulary, comprehension, speed and effective translating.
Students learn strategies to use when they see or hear about teasing, bullying or fighting.
Students learn strategies used in measurement and evaluation of learning.
Students learn strategy, tactics, and information on sundry tournaments in the area.
Students learn strengthening and alignment exercises, along with simple ballet and folk steps.
Students learn structural and functional components of selected systems of the human body.
Students learn structural technology, and design build and test a bridge made out of balsa wood.
Students learn structure functions.
Students learn studio and portable production techniques and skills.
Students learn study skills, organization and time management, and goal setting strategies.
Students learn study strategies in content area reading.
Students learn study stratigies in the context of reviewing course content.
Students learn subjects ranging from basic computer skills to business accounting.
Students learn subjects which transfer to four-year colleges and universities.
Students learn substantive and procedural law related to their clients' needs.
Students learn such concepts as marketing, purchasing and how to make a profit.
Students learn such skills as classroom management, lesson planning, and curriculum development.
Students learn such things as navigation, meteorology and astronomy, just to name a few.
Students learn synonyms for emotion words.
Students learn syntactic and semantic analysis using formal models.
Students learn syntax and semantics of first-order logic and various proof methods.
Students learn syntax and vocabulary aimed at building discourse competence.
Students learn system management, stocking densities, feeding schedules and grading procedures.
Students learn tactics, strategies and take diagnostic tests with computer analysis.
Students learn tap terminology and to apply rhythm and timing into a tap routine.
Students learn tap, pre-ballet, jazz and tumbling skills.
Students learn tasks.
Students learn taxonomy along with the evolution of tissues and organ systems.
Students learn taxonomy, structure, physiology, reproduction, ecology, and control of microbes.
Students learn teaching skills by assisting instructors with laboratory or lecture sessions.
Students learn teaching strategies and classroom methodologies.
Students learn teaching techniques for percussion instruction in middle school and high school.
Students learn teaching techniques for percussion instruction in the elementary school.
Students learn team concepts, computer skills, and other work related skills.
Students learn teamwork, leadership, and responsibility, and experience real satisfaction.
Students learn teamwork, responsibility and accountability.
Students learn teapots, vessels, hand-built forms, and tiles.
Students learn technical communications, schematic interpretation, and test equipment usage.
Students learn technical skills needed to enter a specialized area of work.
Students learn technical writing style and the use of visual aids.
Students learn technique and musicianship through individual and class participation.
Students learn techniques and collect data with both perspectives in mind.
Students learn techniques and work with the equipment common to contemporary biotech facilities.
Students learn techniques for becoming more effective managers, subordinates, peers and persons.
Students learn techniques for creating specific physical effects in the sculptures they make.
Students learn techniques for creating, editing, and storing sound on magnetic and optical media.
Students learn techniques for estimating, planning, and producing software systems.
Students learn techniques for improving encoding and communicating.
Students learn techniques for reading and telling stories.
Students learn techniques for reading faster and understanding more of what they read.
Students learn techniques for reducing uncertainty in the projects they manage.
Students learn techniques for successful interviewing.
Students learn techniques for training others as an aspect of continued leadership development.
Students learn techniques for work on specific parts of the body.
Students learn techniques from the Amerindian hot-rock method to the modern evaporator.
Students learn techniques involved in making a product.
Students learn techniques of brainstorming, developing thesis statements.
Students learn techniques of conceptualizing, writing, filming, and editing their own videos.
Students learn techniques of excavation, processing, and analysis of archaeological materials.
Students learn techniques of field and studio operations while producing video for various outlets.
Students learn techniques of formal reasoning and come to understand the main concepts of logic.
Students learn techniques of purchasing, handling and storing ingredients and supplies.
Students learn techniques on how to sculpture counterpieces using various mediums.
Students learn techniques to advance their own skills.
Students learn techniques to compound cytotoxic and other hazardous drug products.
Students learn techniques to manage the suicide patient.
Students learn techniques used to provide quality customer service to each hotel guest.
Students learn techniques.
Students learn technology best if they learn it in the context of doing something else.
Students learn technology by solving real problems in real time.
Students learn technology tools and techniques that can communicate information in visual ways.
Students learn telecommunications skills that can be used in the future.
Students learn terminology with an emphasis on pronunciation, spelling, and practical applications.
Students learn terms, boat handling, vessel systems, stability, weather and marlinspike.
Students learn that a map is a drawing that shows what a place looks like from above.
Students learn that a mole is a counting unit used to bridge the atomic and macroscopic scales.
Students learn that a wide variety of organisms undergo metamorphosis.
Students learn that activism and participation in the democratic process yield results.
Students learn that advocacy can take place at all levels of children's ecosystems.
Students learn that all music has common elements and that everyone can enjoy a classical concert.
Students learn that America's art is diverse and has many ethnic, cultural, and religious roots.
Students learn that anger is as normal as love, hate, or fear.
Students learn that animals are interdependent within their common habitat.
Students learn that any given text can be understood in a verity of ways, depending on the context.
Students learn that artworks can have a purpose and can be meaningful.
Students learn that attainment of goals is directly proportional to effort.
Students learn that beak shape affects the kind of seeds a bird can eat.
Students learn that cooperation is a necessary aspect of using a language.
Students learn that courses in both academies allow then to earn college-level credit.
Students learn that data drive the hypothesis.
Students learn that decomposers recycle organic matter in a habitat.
Students learn that drugs destroy lives, families and futures, and devastate our world.
Students learn that editing is part science, part art and part diplomacy.
Students learn that energy is the ability to do work.
Students learn that enzyme behavior can be predicted using computer models.
Students learn that enzyme behavior is affected by numerous environmental factors.
Students learn that even the smallest decisions can have enormous consequences.
Students learn that everything that takes up space and has mass is made of matter.
Students learn that exercise can be fun as well as challenging in a new environment.
Students learn that fruits and vegetables are plants they can eat.
Students learn that good parenting skills can be acquired.
Students learn that gravity is a force that makes every object attract every other object.
Students learn that high-quality resources can be found by using our collections and guides.
Students learn that historical details help explain contemporary conflicts.
Students learn that history is a form of storytelling.
Students learn that history is a never-ending argument and so they debate and argue.
Students learn that history is fun, and they are recognized for their academic achievements.
Students learn that if they ruin a tool, it affects someone else.
Students learn that imagination is as important as knowledge.
Students learn that it is appropriate to seek out and request interpreting services.
Students learn that it is much harder to listen closely to others than to speak within a group.
Students learn that knowing, and therefore learning, is impossible.
Students learn that lenses have measurable properties that determine appropriate applications.
Students learn that life's patterns have been shaped by the same forces that shaped the planet.
Students learn that magnetic force can act at a distance and can act through materials.
Students learn that many objects can be described in terms of simple plane figures and solids.
Students learn that math is valued and used in everyday life.
Students learn that minerals are obtained from rocks.
Students learn that motion can be measured in terms of distance and in terms of time.
Students learn that part of tolerance is appreciation for diversity.
Students learn that people use human, natural and capital resources to satisfy their wants.
Students learn that programming concepts differ from design concepts.
Students learn that psychological 'bluff', and 'physical ability' are distinguisable.
Students learn that rain forests occur primarily around the earth's equator.
Students learn that randomized, larger, higher-resolution samples yield more accurate results.
Students learn that reading aloud techniques are the same for all audiences.
Students learn that recycled materials can be used to build beautiful homes and businesses.
Students learn that rocks are made up of different minerals.
Students learn that school performance is important to employers.
Students learn that science and technology are an important part of their daily lives.
Students learn that science is a never ending search for truth.
Students learn that science is a source of fascination and fun.
Students learn that sexism and racism still exist and that they live in an inequitable world.
Students learn that softness, a calm mind and harmony are valuable strengths.
Students learn that some animals, such as the weasel, are more crucial to nature than others.
Students learn that some diseases come from germs and are spread from person to person.
Students learn that some sounds are spelled with more than one letter.
Students learn that sound and light are waves that have basic features in common with ocean waves.
Students learn that sound is caused by vibrations and explore how sound travels.
Students learn that sound is made when matter vibrates.
Students learn that symbolic sentences can express methods.
Students learn that teamwork is very important for the success of their company.
Students learn that the Earth acts as a giant magnet.
Students learn that the first step in discovering mathematics is experimentation.
Students learn that the journey to discover knowledge is as important as the knowledge itself.
Students learn that the land can support only a limited number of animals and plants.
Students learn that the past reflects the future.
Students learn that the process can be as important as the result.
Students learn that the study of theory is important in the design of complex software.
Students learn that the value of resources is influenced by demand and accessibility.
Students learn that the work done in families develops skills that can be applied in the workplace.
Students learn that their decisions affect all of the areas of health.
Students learn that there are families of functions.
Students learn that there are other ways to act toward others than they are used too.
Students learn that there is a cost to every decision that is made.
Students learn that there is a time for fun and a time for work.
Students learn that they are constantly surrounded by living things.
Students learn that they are gifted in at least one Talent.
Students learn that they can go into a person's home and be of help.
Students learn that they can hope.
Students learn that they can score more points by picking certain numbers.
Students learn that using drugs to relieve stress causes new problems.
Students learn that weight is a measurement of the force of gravity on an object.
Students learn that wind is created when hot and cold air meet.
Students learn that work ethic, style, and self-motivation are key to individual success.
Students learn that work is done when a force moves an object.
Students learn that writing involves revising, editing, and proofreading.
Students learn that writing is a process.
Students learn the accepted format for broadcast scriptwriting.
Students learn the activities accomplished by an in-house advertising department.
Students learn the actual multimedia production skills needed in the labour market.
Students learn the alphabet, colors, numbers and how to recognize and say their names in English.
Students learn the alphabet, cursive writing and phonetics.
Students learn the alphabet, pronunciation of alphabet sounds, words, simple sentences, and grammar.
Students learn the alphabetic, numeric, and symbol keys.
Students learn the analytic skills to deal with the critical issues of United States history.
Students learn the application of complex experimental designs to behavioral research.
Students learn the application of financial theory to actual business problems.
Students learn the application of mathematical techniques to the study of physical systems.
Students learn the art of accompanying while providing music for the fall production.
Students learn the art of boxing in the jumping castle.
Students learn the art of forging knife blades.
Students learn the art of giving and receiving constructive criticism.
Students learn the art of sailing individually while being part of the collective.
Students learn the attributes and advantages of sports materials.
Students learn the bandpass representation for carrier modulated signals.
Students learn the basic acro and get a full check-out in the airplane.
Students learn the basic architectures of supervised and unsupervised neural networks.
Students learn the basic body structure, diseases and each body system.
Students learn the basic characteristics of electricity.
Students learn the basic components of presentation software and how to consider varying audiences.
Students learn the basic computer knowledge and usage skills.
Students learn the basic concept of how data is organized onto a spreadsheet.
Students learn the basic concepts of mathematical modeling, and how to interpret the results.
Students learn the basic concepts of the Internet.
Students learn the basic concepts related to the physical and human geography.
Students learn the basic elements of job costing, process costing and activity based accounting.
Students learn the basic elements of radio performance and production.
Students learn the basic food groups.
Students learn the basic formats of television production and learn every requirement of the study.
Students learn the basic functions of camera operation as well as editing skills.
Students learn the basic listening, writing, and speaking skills.
Students learn the basic names, uses, care, and maintenance of dental instruments and equipment.
Students learn the basic principles and practices of the commercial architectural field.
Students learn the basic principles of building construction.
Students learn the basic principles of making arguments.
Students learn the basic principles of photography as well.
Students learn the basic principles of safe and efficient driving through classroom instruction.
Students learn the basic purposes, the structure, the functions, and the workings of government.
Students learn the basic rules of Vargas through the promise and song.
Students learn the basic sampling and analysis methods to assess quality and application issues.
Students learn the basic skills necessary to translate ideas into visual statements.
Students learn the basic skills related to public accounting.
Students learn the basic sounds with the goal of speaking the language correctly.
Students learn the basic techniques of weaving, warp and weft, as well as color design.
Students learn the basic techniques that strengthen their development of a visual vocabulary.
Students learn the basic ways by which people make important decisions about right and wrong.
Students learn the basics about the sanitary sewer system.
Students learn the basics and skills to develop self-directed learning.
Students learn the basics from building an armature through modeling the clay form.
Students learn the basics needed for successfully completing the advanced courses.
Students learn the basics of American and international law.
Students learn the basics of arc welding, oxyacetylene cutting, and basic carpentry.
Students learn the basics of capitalization, punctuation, forming plurals, and noun and verb usage.
Students learn the basics of capitalization, punctuation, forming plurals, noun and verb usage.
Students learn the basics of choice theory and reality therapy.
Students learn the basics of chord structure and orchestration.
Students learn the basics of construction of database schema.
Students learn the basics of designing and producing web pages.
Students learn the basics of developing forms, reports, and integrated database applications.
Students learn the basics of economics while they analyze daily cause and effect relationships.
Students learn the basics of electromagnetism.
Students learn the basics of graphic design, graphic producdtion, and typography.
Students learn the basics of graphic design, graphic production, and typography.
Students learn the basics of hair design, chemical services and the elements of nail and skin care.
Students learn the basics of hand making baskets.
Students learn the basics of making archival resources available to users over the Internet.
Students learn the basics of mechanical design, sensor selection, and algorithm design.
Students learn the basics of mold and die design, as well as heat forming and composite design.
Students learn the basics of multi-user detection theory.
Students learn the basics of music beat, rhythm, notes, and more.
Students learn the basics of music notation and how to play an electronic keyboard.
Students learn the basics of newswriting in broadcast style.
Students learn the basics of observing, sketching, film work and CCD technology.
Students learn the basics of page layout and design, typography, and offset printing.
Students learn the basics of phylogenetic reconstruction.
Students learn the basics of playing in a smaller ensemble.
Students learn the basics of real estate conveyancing.
Students learn the basics of several jazz styles, techniques, phrasing and articulations.
Students learn the basics of the foreign language of their choice in the classroom.
Students learn the basics of the game with daily lessons and practice play.
Students learn the basics of video production by modeling after their instructors and each other.
Students learn the basics of web site design, management, and analysis.
Students learn the basics of word processing, research, communications and desktop publishing.
Students learn the basics of word-processing, database and spreadsheet management also.
Students learn the basics while creating an edible map.
Students learn the basics.
Students learn the best in a comfortable, controlled setting.
Students learn the biology of birds and identification of the Ranch's bird species and bird calls.
Students learn the business disciplines as well as specific organizational functions.
Students learn the calculus of functions of two or more variables and of vector-valued functions.
Students learn the campus and Milwaukee when there are fewer people around.
Students learn the care and operation of power tools and farm machinery.
Students learn the challenges of life in the tide zone and adaptations animals have to survive.
Students learn the characteristics of food and human mechanisms.
Students learn the Chinese language and study the culture, literature, music and dance.
Students learn the common problems and techniques for covering public affairs agencies.
Students learn the communication is the key to success in our world.
Students learn the complete accounting cycle and apply it to manual and computerized applications.
Students learn the complete printing process, from basic layout and design to the printed piece.
Students learn the complete process of growing wheat to the final product of bread.
Students learn the complexities of balancing individual freedom and social responsibility.
Students learn the computer numeric keypad by touch.
Students learn the computer skills needed to succeed in a challenging office environment.
Students learn the concept of gene therapy and gene targeting.
Students learn the concept of style in writing by working with the disk.
Students learn the concept of the animal life cycle through direct exploration.
Students learn the concept of the seasonal round and how it influences folklife.
Students learn the concepts and techniques required to construct biped and physique techniques.
Students learn the concepts and theories that are at the heart of the criminal justice field.
Students learn the concepts in class.
Students learn the concepts related to the selection and preparation of standard food products.
Students learn the conceptual framework, process and skills through extensive role-playing.
Students learn the consultation models used in school and community settings.
Students learn the content and skills in the course of solving the problem.
Students learn the conventional symbols for circuit diagrams.
Students learn the core theories and methods of regional science.
Students learn the correct methods of team roping.
Students learn the correct use of a comma and quotation marks while writing dialogue.
Students learn the cost of borrowing, too.
Students learn the countries and capitals of Asia.
Students learn the course material primarily on their own.
Students learn the craft by working on assigned boat projects.
Students learn the cultural methodology for a number of agronomic and horticultural crops.
Students learn the culture of the languages studied, simple linguistic structure, and expressions.
Students learn the definition of predator and prey.
Students learn the details involved in writing a network driver.
Students learn the development and delivery of a scientific presentation.
Students learn the development and usage of decompression and treatment tables.
Students learn the development of organ as solo instruction and diversity of organ repertoire.
Students learn the difference between criminology, criminal justice and deviance.
Students learn the difference between definitions, properties, and procedures.
Students learn the difference between fertile eggs and unfertile eggs.
Students learn the difference between purpose and rationale.
Students learn the difference between qualitative and quantitative values.
Students learn the differences among definitions, concepts, and procedures.
Students learn the differences among definitions, properties, and procedures.
Students learn the differences in the lions, cheetahs, leopards, and many other cat species.
Students learn the different patterns using the pentatonic scale.
Students learn the different roles of the writer, sound effects artist, and advertising executive.
Students learn the different types of steam and hot water heating systems and accessories.
Students learn the disciplines of scientific inquiry.
Students learn the drown-proofing survival technique.
Students learn the Egyptian alphabet.
Students learn the elements in a marketing plan.
Students learn the elements of a good persuasive letter and begin their draft.
Students learn the elements of Spanish grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation.
Students learn the environmental and demographical issues related to public health.
Students learn the essentials of electronics, fluid power, motors, robots and mechanical devices.
Students learn the essentials of engineering measurement, and how to solve engineering problems.
Students learn the essentials of fact gathering, interviewing, and meeting deadlines.
Students learn the essentials of public speaking, and to be comfortable in public settings.
Students learn the essentials of selecting, sequencing and displaying artworks.
Students learn the essentials of shooting their own documentary.
Students learn the ethics of selling and develop sales approaches and presentation skills.
Students learn the evaluation and management of commonly encountered patients.
Students learn the evaluative criteria for analyses of social phenomena.
Students learn the everyday application of nitrogen in manufacturing, food production, and medicine.
Students learn the exquisite art form that has been used to decorate architecture for centuries.
Students learn the filmmaking process from storyboarding to shooting to editing.
Students learn the foreign language while mastering the curriculum.
Students learn the forest management practices used to control erosion and water quality.
Students learn the formal analysis techniques that find the limiting factor in any system.
Students learn the formation of codons, nucleotides and the DNA model.
Students learn the forms and techniques of the arts of poetry and fiction.
Students learn the foundations of optimal digital communication systems.
Students learn the four basic tastes, where they originate, and participate in four activities.
Students learn the four categories of arthropods and then piece together a puzzle in each group.
Students learn the frog life cycle by observing tadpoles growing into frogs.
Students learn the function of nouns, verbs and adjectives in given sentences.
Students learn the function of various professionals in the print production process.
Students learn the fundamental algebraic operations that are the foundation of all mathematics.
Students learn the fundamental approaches to doing research in depth psychology.
Students learn the fundamental concepts of differential and integral calculus.
Students learn the fundamental concepts of inferential and descriptive statistics.
Students learn the fundamental forms of computer programming and software design.
Students learn the fundamental skills necessary to draft litigation and transactional documents.
Students learn the fundamental techniques used by financial managers of multinational corporations.
Students learn the fundamental terms and themes of the discipline.
Students learn the fundamentals of basketball as well as various social skills.
Students learn the fundamentals of business management in the context of legal organizations.
Students learn the fundamentals of data automation, database structure, and database management.
Students learn the fundamentals of English grammar and expand their vocabulary and survival skills.
Students learn the fundamentals of environmental care, recycling, gardening and survival skills.
Students learn the fundamentals of exposure, development and darkroom techniques.
Students learn the fundamentals of floor, wall, rafter, roof, and metal stud construction.
Students learn the fundamentals of grassland farming.
Students learn the fundamentals of Hebrew word formation and pronunciation.
Students learn the fundamentals of how to play the instrument.
Students learn the fundamentals of how to use computer, video, and still image development tools.
Students learn the fundamentals of jazz.
Students learn the fundamentals of light and shade and perspective.
Students learn the fundamentals of managing gaming operations.
Students learn the fundamentals of moving safely and efficiently on snow slopes of all degrees.
Students learn the fundamentals of plant care and propagation.
Students learn the fundamentals of quantum mechanics.
Students learn the fundamentals of reading, writing, speaking, and grammar.
Students learn the fundamentals of satellites imagery through the web and handouts.
Students learn the fundamentals of soccer and play games on weekends and weekdays.
Students learn the fundamentals of software most commonly found in design and imaging studios.
Students learn the fundamentals of staging a play along with proper acting techniques.
Students learn the fundamentals of structured program design.
Students learn the fundamentals of studio protocol and the use of the camera.
Students learn the fundamentals of the business.
Students learn the fundamentals of the database design process.
Students learn the fundamentals of the presentation application.
Students learn the fundamentals of theory reading and evaluation.
Students learn the fundamentals of written legal analysis, citation, and written and oral advocacy.
Students learn the general placement of people in history.
Students learn the geographical location, on the wall map, of the birds they are studying.
Students learn the goals, conflicts, limits and information needed to support decision-making.
Students learn the gross and microscopic anatomy of the mammalian brain, spinal cord, eye and ear.
Students learn the history and technique for making dream catchers.
Students learn the history and techniques of photography.
Students learn the history behind a composition, music theory and even finger exercises.
Students learn the history behind some of the words used in the English language.
Students learn the history of drama and study fiction from a thematic point of view.
Students learn the history of spread-spectrum communications and about current standards.
Students learn the history of the instrument, playing techniques and songs.
Students learn the human figure through studies in modeled clay, wax and plaster.
Students learn the human perspectives of sexuality and health promotion.
Students learn the human skeleton in detail.
Students learn the identification, culture, and use of amenity plants in urban gardens.
Students learn the identification, culture, and use of amenity plants in urban landscapes.
Students learn the impact industry has on a community.
Students learn the impact of superior and poor interfaces.
Students learn the importance of art as a means of personal expression.
Students learn the importance of attaining and maintaining a healthy level of fitness.
Students learn the importance of caring for their health.
Students learn the importance of classroom organization and cooperation through group work.
Students learn the importance of effective proposal writing in the business.
Students learn the importance of facilitating people to become self-advocates.
Students learn the importance of fatigue management as well as strategies to counter fatigue.
Students learn the importance of maintaining a balanced diet.
Students learn the importance of music and worship while developing music skills.
Students learn the importance of nutrition in their own lives.
Students learn the importance of obeying traffic rules while riding bicycles.
Students learn the importance of obeying traffic rules.
Students learn the importance of physical health and how to maintain physical fitness.
Students learn the importance of protecting the rainforests and our endangered wildlife.
Students learn the importance of randomness in generating valid data.
Students learn the importance of referencing their projects properly.
Students learn the importance of segmentation and targeting.
Students learn the importance of team building during their annual Inner Quest field trip.
Students learn the importance of the team approach to problem solving and comprehensive services.
Students learn the importance of time, culture, and place in our lives.
Students learn the importance of trusting their equipment and build confidence in themselves.
Students learn the importance of using safety belts and how to behave in a vehicle.
Students learn the importance of volunteerism and partake in many hours of volunteer efforts.
Students learn the importance that attitude plays on the job.
Students learn the important concepts of environmental science through reading about actual events.
Students learn the important practical skill of how to build actual models.
Students learn the important skills of organization and responsibility.
Students learn the influence of the media, nationally and internationally.
Students learn the instruments of the brass family.
Students learn the integration of programming web pages, databases, and stand alone programs.
Students learn the Korean alphabet, elementary sentence structure and pronunciation.
Students learn the language as they contrast Brazilian culture with their own.
Students learn the language in context and apply their knowledge to more abstract concepts.
Students learn the language needed for both life and ministry.
Students learn the language skills necessary for both the academic and professional worlds.
Students learn the language, alphabet, grammar, and history.
Students learn the languages and practice skills that businesses require.
Students learn the languages and technologies most in demand in industry today.
Students learn the latest developments in every area of the business world.
Students learn the latest in graphic design by participating in the actual layout.
Students learn the latest techniques and tools to ensure high reliability soldering.
Students learn the legislative, historical, and philosophical roots of rehabilitation.
Students learn the limitations of clay and the basic hand building and decorative techniques.
Students learn the location of countries in Europe, and their capitals with free software download.
Students learn the major components of rendering, modeling, and animation.
Students learn the major developments in drawing, painting, sculpture, and architecture.
Students learn the major physical, cultural, and economic patterns of the United States and Canada.
Students learn the major techniques of legal research.
Students learn the many steps necessary in producing a publication.
Students learn the material and achieve grades primarily through daily experimentation.
Students learn the material better, they enjoy the course more, and they stay motivated.
Students learn the material through the programs.
Students learn the mathematical underpinnings of digital image processing.
Students learn the meaning of coordination number, crystal lattice, and packing.
Students learn the meaning of science through active participation.
Students learn the meaning of the term minor .
Students learn the means by which a carefully examined script comes alive on stage.
Students learn the mechanism of vision and the basic laws of optics.
Students learn the method of triangulation to measure the height of school flagpole.
Students learn the most common roots, prefixes and suffixes found in academic language.
Students learn the most effective and appropriate field study techniques to use in the host country.
Students learn the most effective ways to set up field experiments and observations.
Students learn the most prevalent word processing program used in today's business world.
Students learn the multidisciplinary techniques of management.
Students learn the nature and impact of societal structures and processes.
Students learn the nature and philosophy of the theater, what and why it is, and how it works.
Students learn the nature of educational psychology and applications of major learning theories.
Students learn the necessary skills by working on actual windows.
Students learn the necessary skills to develop a complete virtual reality application in any area.
Students learn the necessary skills to track a project, keeping it on time and within budget.
Students learn the necessity of budgeting to meet expenses.
Students learn the necessity of viewing the patient holistically.
Students learn the next logical step is a formal means of evaluating a given technology.
Students learn the nuances of collecting, preserving and analyzing evidence.
Students learn the operation and tradeoffs for common radar systems.
Students learn the origin of the practice of feeding wild birds.
Students learn the origins of addiction and experience first hand recovery programs and treatment.
Students learn the overall skills and responsibilities of emergency medical technical.
Students learn the parts of a concept, using logic to identify the characteristics.
Students learn the parts of the eye and participate in two experiments.
Students learn the patterns without having to learn rules.
Students learn the performing and technical end of production.
Students learn the photographic process from making an exposure to making a final print.
Students learn the physical characteristics of plants and animals and their natural environment.
Students learn the physical work of setting type, printing, and binding.
Students learn the physics of the balls used in the sports, and the history of sports.
Students learn the physiology related to basic disorders and discuss massage techniques that apply.
Students learn the physiology related to basic disorders and discuss what massage techniques apply.
Students learn the power of abstractly decomposing a problem and expressing it in their designs.
Students learn the practical applications of the math and science used in navigation.
Students learn the practical applications of theory and gain the experience to begin their careers.
Students learn the principles and strategies necessary to be successful in the job interview.
Students learn the principles and technologies of residential and light commercial construction.
Students learn the principles of gardening for the disabled.
Students learn the principles of geriatric medicine through patient care and didactic teaching.
Students learn the principles of hospitality management and food preparation.
Students learn the principles of Internet research and how to approach the research process.
Students learn the principles of journalism and produce a publication at the same time.
Students learn the principles of leadership at our leadership workshop.
Students learn the principles of location theory applied to business-related problems.
Students learn the principles of management, career development, and business ethics.
Students learn the principles of marketing including sales, promotion, communication and marketing.
Students learn the principles of medical asepsis, safety, ethics, law, and pharmacology.
Students learn the principles of nutrition, kitchen safety, and how to follow a recipe.
Students learn the principles of operation and factors affecting operation.
Students learn the principles of robotics through the study of video, text, and hands-on activities.
Students learn the principles, methods, processes and techniques of landscape architecture design.
Students learn the principles, methods, processes, and techniques of landscape architecture design.
Students learn the problems, tools, methods, and current creative paths in that particular topic.
Students learn the problem-solving model as it applies to the continuum of practice at all levels.
Students learn the procedure for designing a decision support system.
Students learn the procedures for responding to charges of discrimination or wrongful discharge.
Students learn the process and techniques of hand crafting a self wood bow.
Students learn the process of analyzing and judging their own and others' art.
Students learn the process of career development and further refine their academic goals.
Students learn the process of communication research by writing a research prospectus.
Students learn the process of forming a question for a significant research project.
Students learn the process of historical research.
Students learn the process of self-evaluation.
Students learn the process of successful communication.
Students learn the process of turning a landscaping endeavor into an entrepreneurial activity.
Students learn the processes by designing, building, and testing scale model structures.
Students learn the production process through the use of print design projects with actual clients.
Students learn the proper method of preparing and presenting material.
Students learn the proper techniques of shooting and how to safely fire a bow and arrow.
Students learn the proper techniques of weightlifting, as well as muscle grouping, nutrition, etc.
Students learn the proper use of all tools and equipment used in performing state inspections.
Students learn the proper use of equipment and techniques used in beverage preparation.
Students learn the proper way to clean, prepare and release fish.
Students learn the properties of metamorphic rocks.
Students learn the properties of the states of matter.
Students learn the purpose and value of research as a problem-solving tool in organizations.
Students learn the purpose of rules and the role of authority figures in the home and school.
Students learn the purpose of taping, methods of application, and use of materials.
Students learn the qualities and characteristics of different woods and papers.
Students learn the qualities necessary for success.
Students learn the qualities of folk heroes.
Students learn the relationship between a cc, ml, and a gram.
Students learn the relationship of percent to decimals and fractions.
Students learn the relationships of chemistry and geology and human activity and natural processes.
Students learn the relationships of construction materials and fire damage to a building.
Students learn the relevance of research and strategies for utilization.
Students learn the requirements for acceptance into field placement and the evaluation procedures.
Students learn the research methods and core theories employed by psychologists.
Students learn the research process as it is applied to solving problems in the behavioral sciences.
Students learn the rest through natural immersion in reading and other literacy activities.
Students learn the reverence of mask making from several cultures, besides their own.
Students learn the rich history of inventions, discoveries and fascinating people.
Students learn the rights and responsibilities of citizenship.
Students learn the rock formations and the geologic history of the area.
Students learn the role of both print-based and electronic libraries in contemporary society.
Students learn the role of the producer from concept to launch.
Students learn the role of the salesperson and how to sell ideas, products, services, and self.
Students learn the roles of the judge, attorneys, clerk, bailiff, and court reporter.
Students learn the rules and principles of evidence from a practical perspective.
Students learn the rules and principles of filing systems.
Students learn the rules and skills of several sports.
Students learn the rules of the game and develop their skills.
Students learn the sales cycle and strategies for sales and marketing success.
Students learn the same priorities of care and approach to the patient used by professionals.
Students learn the science of horticulture in the classroom and practice the theories in the field.
Students learn the science of teaching through daily classroom participation.
Students learn the science, art, mechanics and business of jewelry and diamonds.
Students learn the scientific makeup of the atomic bomb.
Students learn the service of each of the various markets related to communication and advertising.
Students learn the several processes that writing comprises.
Students learn the significance of working collaboratively.
Students learn the six essentials for becoming an excellent negotiator.
Students learn the skills and knowledge needed for immediate employment in responsible positions.
Students learn the skills at their own speed, whenever they have time.
Students learn the skills necessary for an enjoyable, low-impact hike.
Students learn the skills necessary to be successful in the bodywork industry.
Students learn the skills needed to become a professional radio announcer.
Students learn the skills needed to work as support staff in an office setting.
Students learn the skills of grammar, listening and speaking, reading and writing.
Students learn the skills of location scouting, lighting, and shooting.
Students learn the skills of reading, writing, listening and speaking.
Students learn the skills of survey, mapping, and excavation.
Students learn the skills required for successful careers in the green industry.
Students learn the social and technical consequences of natural and technical disasters.
Students learn the sound system of the language which is the foundation for reading and spelling.
Students learn the specialty of catering, gourmet store operation, and private chef occupations.
Students learn the specific skills to be used on adults, children and infants.
Students learn the spiciest of the Latin dances.
Students learn the stages in embryonic development and the care needed for newly hatched chicks.
Students learn the state, federal, and local court structures.
Students learn the steps in organizing a business and producing and marketing a product.
Students learn the steps in organizing a business and producing marketing products.
Students learn the steps of mechanical production and printing processes with today's technology.
Students learn the strategies proficient readers apply before, during, and after reading a text.
Students learn the structure of all major systems through study and dissection.
Students learn the structure, dynamics and implications of one's relationship with being.
Students learn the structures of scales, intervals and chords.
Students learn the style and format of broadcast news writing.
Students learn the stylistic rhythms, patterns, textures, and content forms of gospel music.
Students learn the subject matter through a mixture of lectures, tutorials and laboratories.
Students learn the syntax, primitives and object-oriented features of the language.
Students learn the tasks, duties, and responsibilities of fire fighting.
Students learn the teaching profession first-hand through continuous field experiences.
Students learn the technical and academic skills necessary to enter the job force after graduation.
Students learn the technical and regulatory aspects of environmental protection.
Students learn the technical knowledge in order to carry out their visual ideas in graphic media.
Students learn the technical standards required for writing radio and television scripts.
Students learn the technician's role in drug preparation, drug packaging, and drug labeling.
Students learn the technique of ballet, the rhythms of jazz and the emotions of modern dance.
Students learn the technique of draping their original designs on a custom-made dress form.
Students learn the technique of examining and using information.
Students learn the technique of making a beaded bezel for any shape cabochon stone.
Students learn the technique of playing a string instrument, as well as note reading and counting.
Students learn the techniques and strategies needed to succeed.
Students learn the techniques necessary in performing a complete physical examination.
Students learn the techniques of computer-aided drafting.
Students learn the techniques of photographing tidepool animals and plants.
Students learn the techniques used in presentational performance on television and radio.
Students learn the terminology describing the anatomy and physiology of the human body.
Students learn the terminology of literary criticism.
Students learn the theoretical principles and tasks necessary to function as a travel agent.
Students learn the theories and critical issues of the discipline.
Students learn the theory and construction of digital computer circuits.
Students learn the theory and operating principles for each instrument.
Students learn the theory and practical operation of electric machines and transformers.
Students learn the theory and practice of caring for infants and toddlers in a group setting.
Students learn the theory and practice of printing management in lecture and laboratory situations.
Students learn the theory and practices of manicuring with laboratory instruction.
Students learn the theory of fire science as well as practical application.
Students learn the theory of printed circuit design and commonly accepted industrial procedures.
Students learn the theory of the method of moments.
Students learn the tools necessary to achieve their personal and educational goals.
Students learn the traditional steps and some of the Argentine variations.
Students learn the troop leading procedures and how to give both oral and written operations orders.
Students learn the two basic alphabets for card making and other personal uses.
Students learn the types and elements of contracts encountered in everyday legal practice.
Students learn the types of shapes and how they are combined for various purposes.
Students learn the underlying principles of the field of audition.
Students learn the unique problems associated with illness and hospitalization.
Students learn the use and management of systems in business, government and other areas.
Students learn the use of digital cameras and digital image editing.
Students learn the use of embedded processors in digital system design and interfacing techniques.
Students learn the use of equipment and basic construction techniques.
Students learn the use of hand, power and special auto body tools and equipment.
Students learn the use of materials and techniques to facilitate their creative ideas.
Students learn the use of micrometer and calipers.
Students learn the use of micrometer, calipers and other precision measuring tools.
Students learn the use of specialized equipment for medical emergency response.
Students learn the uses of statistics, quotations, anecdotes, credits, endnotes, and bibliographies.
Students learn the uses of technology for writing and the study of literature.
Students learn the value of being to work on time and being there every day.
Students learn the value of bringing an idea from conception to completion.
Students learn the value of exploration with an emphasis on working together in teams.
Students learn the value of fingerprints in criminology by studying their own.
Students learn the value of individual differences, and their self-esteem increases.
Students learn the value of recycling products from reactions.
Students learn the value of teamwork and quality control.
Students learn the value of thinking things through logically.
Students learn the value of working together as a team through the small group process.
Students learn the values that shape our civil society and they learn to build social capital.
Students learn the variations of the human face and face casting skills using plaster gauze.
Students learn the various parts of a farm and what is grown on a farm.
Students learn the various procedural steps in the litigation process.
Students learn the various types of storyboards from concept boards to film production sketches.
Students learn the vocabulary of dance throughout the assembly.
Students learn the vocabulary with various exercises, then run the hotel.
Students learn theatre by participating in a true summer theatre production program.
Students learn their broadcasting operating the radio station.
Students learn their community cares.
Students learn their craft from their peers who have had a previous semester in the course.
Students learn their English in fun ways, picking up simple phrases while they enjoy music.
Students learn their favorite poems, practice expression, and practice projecting their voices.
Students learn their own reactions to prejudice and stereotyping.
Students learn their school has similarities and differences with other schools.
Students learn their type and how to be more effective in dealing with people of differing types.
Students learn their vocational skills on the job.
Students learn theoretical background for coding theory.
Students learn theories and develop skills concerning individual and organizational behavior.
Students learn theories of strategic advancement in order to manage and lead organizational change.
Students learn theory and circuitry of more complex systems.
Students learn theory and develop practical methods for teaching.
Students learn theory and skills to impact policy processes at local, state and national levels.
Students learn theory, instructional techniques and forefront educational media.
Students learn theory, which is followed by laboratory work using current industry standards.
Students learn therapeutic techniques specifically related to the rheumatologic patient.
Students learn there is tremendous variation in nature.
Students learn they have choices and control over their lives.
Students learn they have to be sure they are comparing similar quantities.
Students learn things that relate to their immigrant lives.
Students learn though reading essays and watching films.
Students learn three ways to factor a quadratic equation.
Students learn through a combination of concept-oriented class work and substantial laboratory work.
Students learn through a combination of different methods.
Students learn through a combination of hands-on exercises, in class discussion, and home study.
Students learn through a hands-on approach and instructors are selected for their product expertise.
Students learn through a participatory small-group experience.
Students learn through a systematic sequence of lessons.
Students learn through a variety of experimental exercises and case studies.
Students learn through a variety of ways, and computers can be effective tools.
Students learn through academic study and supervised fieldwork education.
Students learn through active participation in studio work and productions.
Students learn through active participation.
Students learn through and enjoy group activities.
Students learn through class presentation, studio work, exhibits, and performance.
Students learn through classroom lectures, laboratory applications and an internship program.
Students learn through classroom settings, as well as by doing practical, clinical studies.
Students learn through classroom study, skills development, and laboratory practice.
Students learn through close interaction with professors and other scientists engaged on research .
Students learn through concrete experiences.
Students learn through coursework, case studies and consulting projects.
Students learn through encouragement.
Students learn through engagement with their materials and chosen topic.
Students learn through experience and doing.
Students learn through experience, observations, and having rules and guidelines to follow.
Students learn through experiential exercises, facilitated discussion, and reflection.
Students learn through exploration guided by our well-trained field leaders.
Students learn through exploration, creation and construction.
Students learn through exploration.
Students learn through 'hands on' activities and demonstrations.
Students learn through hands on experience.
Students learn through hands on experiences.
Students learn through hands-on exercises.
Students learn through hands-on experience.
Students learn through hands-on experiences.
Students learn through individualized instruction where teachers act as learning facilitators.
Students learn through interaction.
Students learn through involvement in the community.
Students learn through iteratively planning, constructing, and testing solutions.
Students learn through lecture, discu ssion, laboratory, and field work.
Students learn through lecture, discussion and small group activities.
Students learn through lectures, individualized study, and practice in a nursing skills laboratory.
Students learn through lectures, readings and hands-on lab time.
Students learn through lectures, video viewing, readings, and class discussions.
Students learn through manipulating materials and interacting with others.
Students learn through methods and strategies as varied as their individual personalities.
Students learn through movement while achieving greater control and performance in life.
Students learn through observation.
Students learn through performance in meaningful tasks in a variety of environments.
Students learn through performance in meaningful tasks in a variety of social environments.
Students learn through practical exercises and urban field work.
Students learn through practical experience, observation, and social interaction.
Students learn through practical participation in a staged production.
Students learn through projects, technology and real world application of skills.
Students learn through projects.
Students learn through reading, class discussion and hands-on activities.
Students learn through readings, discussion, role playing, and simulations.
Students learn through readings, discussions, demonstrations, and modeling.
Students learn through real experience.
Students learn through repeated use of hands-on materials and by interacting with others.
Students learn through sharing ideas.
Students learn through solving interesting problems.
Students learn through supervised participation in agency work.
Students learn through text, cassette tapes, and weekly tutorials with a native speaker.
Students learn through the discovery method how electricity works.
Students learn through the posing and solving of real life and work-related problems.
Students learn through the process of solving visual art problems.
Students learn through the study of selected cases and current issues in business.
Students learn through the use of braille or related media without the use of vision.
Students learn through their active participation and the contributions of others.
Students learn through their experience and are encouraged to bring their experience into the group.
Students learn through their involvement in ongoing research in the Upper Great Lakes region.
Students learn through traditional class work, independent study and group research.
Students learn through trial and error instead of being guided through specific steps.
Students learn through tutoring and mentoring.
Students learn through weekly assigned readings, lectures, and hands-on lab experiences.
Students learn through weekly lectures, demos, and weekly hands-on workshops.
Students learn through working with an employer in their field.
Students learn time and materials management in a private practice setting.
Students learn time management, independence and responsibility.
Students learn time, money, measurement, geometry, graphing, problem solving, and multiplication.
Students learn timed math facts in a team environment.
Students learn tips on selecting the correct answer and reading and analyzing sentences.
Students learn to . . .
Students learn to about domain models and site configuration.
Students learn to accept personal responsibility for their grades, attendance and behavior.
Students learn to access data from a variety of sources.
Students learn to access information using phones and voice mail.
Students learn to accompany themselves while singing solfege.
Students learn to achieve by sharing the knowledge and experience of our accomplished tutors.
Students learn to acquire laboratory results on the PC from hospital information systems.
Students learn to acquire, process, and integrate knowledge from their courses.
Students learn to act independently and also in a team work environment.
Students learn to act out situations, facts, personal experiences, stories and ideas.
Students learn to act with other actors as they develop skills in character analysis.
Students learn to activate communication and analyze individual and group communication dynamics.
Students learn to actively take part in their studies in class and outside of class.
Students learn to adapt and apply engineering techniques to living systems of all scales.
Students learn to adapt choreography to different performing spaces.
Students learn to adapt their vocal styles to suit the performance of the various musical genres.
Students learn to adapt their writing processes to the rhetorical constraints of academic writing.
Students learn to add, subtract, multiply, invert, and transpose matrices.
Students learn to address a particular audience be it their classmates, community or the world.
Students learn to adjust their strategy to become stronger competitors.
Students learn to administer all types of anesthesia.
Students learn to analyze and compile business records and prepare financial reports.
Students learn to analyze and evaluate each phase of the research process.
Students learn to analyze and evaluate the reasons for the spatial patterns of daily life.
Students learn to analyze and propose solutions for general and specific optimization problems.
Students learn to analyze and solve problems, to think critically, and to communicate effectively.
Students learn to analyze bargaining data, contract provisions, and methods of dispute resolution.
Students learn to analyze communication problems faced by organizations.
Students learn to analyze conflict situations.
Students learn to analyze field survey data and prepare maps and other information for the end user.
Students learn to analyze open-ended problems, assess possibilities, and create solutions.
Students learn to analyze situations before making appropriate decisions.
Students learn to analyze structural systems for use as part of the built infrastructure.
Students learn to analyze the information for validity and reliability .
Students learn to analyze their own voice and speech patterns and to make necessary corrections.
Students learn to analyze turbojets, turbofans and other airbreathing propulsion systems.
Students learn to analyze whatever they read for the author's worldview assumptions.
Students learn to analyze word structure and translate Latin prose.
Students learn to analyze words and the sounds.
Students learn to analyze, assess, and improve their own listening abilities.
Students learn to analyze, evaluate, and prepare written and spoken research presentations.
Students learn to analyze, make evaluations, discern patterns and search for deeper meanings.
Students learn to analyze, present, and interpret data.
Students learn to analyze, synthesize and evaluate the materials they find through their research.
Students learn to analyze, test, design, and troubleshoot the devices and circuits studied.
Students learn to apply an introductory to intermediate understanding of web development.
Students learn to apply and care for sculptured nails and tips.
Students learn to apply anthropological insights to questions of human origins.
Students learn to apply basic psychological concepts to everyday life.
Students learn to apply basic psychology in their interactions with people.
Students learn to apply cognitive-behavioral techniques to effect behavior alteration.
Students learn to apply coordinate geometry to the solution of problems.
Students learn to apply critical thinking to professional literature.
Students learn to apply engineering methods and measurements to accurate data analysis.
Students learn to apply engineering solutions to biological and other natural systems.
Students learn to apply first aid, procure food, and construct shelter.
Students learn to apply knowledge and skills to real world research.
Students learn to apply knowledge of nutrients to all major phases of the life cycle.
Students learn to apply knowledge they have acquired in other settings.
Students learn to apply math and science process skills to everyday life situations.
Students learn to apply Newton's first law in similar contexts.
Students learn to apply nutrition to health promotion.
Students learn to apply principles from the classroom in agencies that serve aging clients.
Students learn to apply psychological principles in varied instructional settings.
Students learn to apply psychological principles to varied instructional situations.
Students learn to apply quantitative skills in examining management processes.
Students learn to apply research methods to practical legal issues.
Students learn to apply science, mathematics, and creativity to solve problems.
Students learn to apply scientific knowledge in the performance of dental hygiene procedures.
Students learn to apply scripture to contemporary circumstances.
Students learn to apply Scripture to contemporary circumstances.
Students learn to apply such language skills across the curriculum.
Students learn to apply techniques to specific educational research problems.
Students learn to apply the forms and self-defense techniques learned through contact sparring.
Students learn to apply the tax concepts and principles in basic tax preparation.
Students learn to apply the values they learn through service projects at each grade level.
Students learn to apply the work to their own lives as well as the lives of their clients.
Students learn to apply their imaginations, work through challenges, and work with others as a team.
Students learn to apply their knowledge through palpation, experimentation and massage application.
Students learn to apply their mathematics and physics to the analysis of engineering problems.
Students learn to apply their new skills and analytical tools.
Students learn to apply theoretical concepts to practical problems.
Students learn to apply theoretical methods to primary literary texts.
Students learn to apply theories through frequent scene study.
Students learn to apply theory and practice from the systematic change perspective.
Students learn to apply theory in the analysis of texts and in their own writing.
Students learn to apply what they learn as well as memorize it.
Students learn to appreciate each other's cultures, contributions, and customs.
Students learn to appreciate literature, reading, writing, mathematics, social studies, and science.
Students learn to appreciate reading with the help of a related and fun art project.
Students learn to appreciate the diversity that marks today s world system.
Students learn to appreciate the fine arts as they develop their own personal talents.
Students learn to appreciate the unique skills and talents of both deaf and hearing people.
Students learn to ask questions and discover meaning in the answers.
Students learn to ask questions and give responses, and engage in short conversations.
Students learn to ask questions and seek answers independently.
Students learn to ask questions, analyze data, and understand how organizations work.
Students learn to ask questions, ask for clarification, and give feedback.
Students learn to ask questions, design experiments and analyze data, facts and theories.
Students learn to ask questions, to examine ideas, to analyze and solve problems.
Students learn to assemble and disassemble molds.
Students learn to assess and evaluate language in order to planremediation programs.
Students learn to assess arguments.
Students learn to assess needs, formulate health policy, and develop appropriate health plans.
Students learn to assess strengths as well as needs.
Students learn to assess students interests, goals, and abilities to provide resource advisory.
Students learn to assess their work and formulate criteria for critiquing photography and design.
Students learn to assess use, abuse and dependence through lecture and experiential exercises.
Students learn to assist individuals in activities of daily living.
Students learn to assist professionals in all phases of oil and gas recovery.
Students learn to assist the dentist in general and orthodontic procedures.
Students learn to attribute and display data they have created.
Students learn to bake, saut , and roast.
Students learn to balance the value of individual initiative and the value of teamwork.
Students learn to balance their checkbooks.
Students learn to be articulate about style and to recognize the art of different eras.
Students learn to be aware of media advertising and other subtle influences.
Students learn to be caring self-managers, with an emphasis on cooperation with others.
Students learn to be comfortable moving in the styles of ballet, tap and jazz.
Students learn to be comfortable on stage as well as basic stage directions.
Students learn to be creative, think critically, and to identify, formulate, and solve problems.
Students learn to be diplomatic and to weigh carefully the words they use.
Students learn to be faithful and to stick to the task in order to complete the goals they have set.
Students learn to be flexible, to adapt.
Students learn to be independent when caring for the horse.
Students learn to be informed and critical users of marketing research information.
Students learn to be mechanical, but never to be creative.
Students learn to be naturalists, keep a journal, and study local environmental issues.
Students learn to be observant and develop the necessary patience to find and recover fossils.
Students learn to be organized and responsible for themselves.
Students learn to be predictable cyclists who follow traffic rules and regulations.
Students learn to be responsible and professional.
Students learn to be role models and learn to become better citizens.
Students learn to be silent, to give as few words as possible for teacher criticism.
Students learn to be team players, problem solvers, teachers and facilitators.
Students learn to be the best speakers that they can be.
Students learn to become active members of their community both as employees and friends.
Students learn to become astute observers of the movement of others.
Students learn to become better individuals and future respectable members of society.
Students learn to become effective leaders in their communities.
Students learn to become integral members of the larger health-care team.
Students learn to become intelligent decision makers in a global economy.
Students learn to become mathematically proficient and confident problem-solvers.
Students learn to become productive community members.
Students learn to become scholars by learning to ask good questions.
Students learn to become self directed learners.
Students learn to become stewards of the earth and of the generations to come.
Students learn to become stewards of their environment in their own community.
Students learn to become strategic readers by identifying the elements of a story.
Students learn to begin to formulate an intellectual basis for their own ethical behavior.
Students learn to bend notes, improve tone, build a repertoire and play solos.
Students learn to bend the wood using a steamer and molds, and to make joints without glue.
Students learn to better listen, and all students get an opportunity to talk.
Students learn to beware of hysteria that interferes with rational decision-making.
Students learn to blend letters and sounds to form new words.
Students learn to brainstorm effectively given time restraints.
Students learn to break down the components that go into a site.
Students learn to breath correctly and experience meditation in motion.
Students learn to build and play their own drums.
Students learn to build cabinets and fine furnishings and do precise work with their hands.
Students learn to build computer hardware and systems.
Students learn to build GUIs in the appropriate way by using a natural progression of topics.
Students learn to build strength, endurance, and flexibility.
Students learn to build structured computer programs.
Students learn to build wooden structures and framing houses is given strong emphasis.
Students learn to build working circuits based upon design goals.
Students learn to calculate board footage, linear footage and square footage of materials.
Students learn to calculate electrical current, power, and energy.
Students learn to calculate linear speed, velocity, and acceleration.
Students learn to calculate power used by electric circuits.
Students learn to capture fundamental process data for each activity.
Students learn to capture, edit, mix, and design video information in a digital format.
Students learn to care about their health and safety.
Students learn to care about their social and political communities.
Students learn to care for individuals of all ages in a wide variety of health care settings.
Students learn to carry out and report on literary research.
Students learn to center, open, and compress the clay and throw small cylinders.
Students learn to change their responses to stress and pain.
Students learn to characterize noise in communication systems.
Students learn to choose appropriate techniques to express their creative vision.
Students learn to classify and identify themes, styles, and symbols in works of art.
Students learn to classify aquatic habitats, fish and tackle.
Students learn to classify such statements as distractors when otherwise ignorant.
Students learn to collect and identify samples of macroinvertebrates.
Students learn to collect objects in a specific order and find multiple solutions to problems.
Students learn to collect, analyze and present data.
Students learn to collect, analyze, and report data that is used by the scientists.
Students learn to collect, manipulate, graph, and analyze data using the computer.
Students learn to combine skills in the arts, sciences and business management to enhance the world.
Students learn to combine theoretical and practical approaches to the past.
Students learn to communicate basic needs in real-life situations.
Students learn to communicate by using language in natural and purposeful ways.
Students learn to communicate effectively to many different types of people.
Students learn to communicate effectively with native speakers in a natural setting.
Students learn to communicate effectively with people and learn their own strengths and limitations.
Students learn to communicate in English in preparation for academic and professional settings.
Students learn to communicate in situations of daily life.
Students learn to communicate information about a particular art, science, trade or profession.
Students learn to communicate mathematics aloud.
Students learn to communicate mathematics in writing.
Students learn to communicate tactically as a preferred option to the exercise of force.
Students learn to communicate with confidence, poise, and effective delivery.
Students learn to communicate with each other using a variety of advanced media.
Students learn to communicate with others they work with both in writen and spoken form.
Students learn to communicate, to be non-judgmental, to feel empathy and to tolerate ambiguity.
Students learn to compare and contrast.
Students learn to compensate for their learning difficulties.
Students learn to compile, execute, and debug their programs.
Students learn to compose music with the help of the computer.
Students learn to compose songs for fun and to share with one another.
Students learn to compound nonsterile products using the correct compounding techniques.
Students learn to compound non-sterile products using the correct compounding techniques.
Students learn to compound sterile products according to the appropriate techniques.
Students learn to conduct an independent study, and to report it.
Students learn to conduct concentrated research in the arts, humanities and sciences.
Students learn to conduct extensive research, evaluate sources, and choose types of evidence.
Students learn to conduct independent research and present their results in oral and written forms.
Students learn to conduct research on numerous topics relevant to psychology and law.
Students learn to connect what is taught in school with what is relevant in the workplace.
Students learn to consider audience and context in preparing their writing.
Students learn to consider social as well as economic costs and benefits.
Students learn to construct and print a spreadsheet and to use editing functions.
Students learn to construct meaningful movement experiences from a skillfulness perspective.
Students learn to consult with one another and to make their thinking available to others.
Students learn to contrast exponential thinking with linear thinking.
Students learn to control a robotic manipulator via a personal computer.
Students learn to control dynamics, and tempo.
Students learn to control the flow of transactions using, attributes, functions, and expressions.
Students learn to control the flow of transactions, attributes, functions, and expressions.
Students learn to convert recipes from traditional to natural and vegan ingredients.
Students learn to convey simple meanings in everyday situations.
Students learn to convey their ideas through writing poetry, short stories, essays, and skits.
Students learn to cook many Italian recipes as part of their program.
Students learn to cooperate and work toward a finished product.
Students learn to cooperate as a team.
Students learn to coordinate the activities of the individuals who compose the project team.
Students learn to coordinate their hands and minds in exploration of the visual world.
Students learn to coordinate their hands and minds in explorations of the visual world.
Students learn to crawl, then walk, then run.
Students learn to create a slide show presentation and to customize it in outline view.
Students learn to create adventures, inquire about, and find challenges where they live.
Students learn to create and edit documents such as letters, memos, reports, and term papers.
Students learn to create and manage links to control hierarchy in their diagrams.
Students learn to create and manipulate video, graphics, animation, sound and text on computers.
Students learn to create and produce animated images for on-screen display.
Students learn to create and produce Web page designs.
Students learn to create and respond to a world of illusion in empty space.
Students learn to create and use a database while they study food groups in health.
Students learn to create and use such data structures as stacks, lists, trees, and graphs.
Students learn to create business and personal letters, reports, and tables.
Students learn to create characters from scripts.
Students learn to create control systems for growth and when to change strategy.
Students learn to create forms, apply filters to records, and build queries.
Students learn to create glossaries for application in their office operations.
Students learn to create interactions using hot objects, target areas, and pull-down menus.
Students learn to create online storage accounts and how to upload and download images.
Students learn to create pieces that get printed and produced.
Students learn to create procedures.
Students learn to create products and services to meet the needs of a rapidly changing economy.
Students learn to create spreadsheets and data files that optimize solutions to problems.
Students learn to create their own strategies.
Students learn to create three-dimensional design models and prototypes of new ideas.
Students learn to create Web pages and use simple CGI scripts.
Students learn to create well organized and effective papers.
Students learn to create, critique, and understand the visual arts.
Students learn to create, edit, and print spreadsheets.
Students learn to create, edit, and use the tabular view to describe a process.
Students learn to create, format, edit, save, and print various documents.
Students learn to create, format, save, view, and print a document.
Students learn to create, modify, run, and refine ad hoc queries.
Students learn to create, modify, view, and link processes hierarchically.
Students learn to create, perform, and understand music.
Students learn to customize tables and fields, add and delete records, and perform simple queries.
Students learn to deal effectively and efficiently with college textbooks.
Students learn to deal with daily experiences and problems in healthful, family living.
Students learn to deal with other people.
Students learn to debate by debating.
Students learn to debug and document programs.
Students learn to decipher unfamiliar terms and check spellings.
Students learn to decode short and long vowel words.
Students learn to deduce motions from forces and to infer forces from the motion of objects.
Students learn to define, understand and use each skill in a variety of environments.
Students learn to describe and interpret linear relationships.
Students learn to describe the function of the heart, lungs, and bones as they relate to movement.
Students learn to describe, narrate and support their opinions in informal and formal styles.
Students learn to design a content analysis and do the preliminary work on it.
Students learn to design a content analysis and do the primary work on it.
Students learn to design a research project within their area of geographic interests.
Students learn to design and construct garments for women, men, and children.
Students learn to design and detail basic tooling requirements for the manufacturing of products.
Students learn to design and develop components to form the underlying fabric of software solutions.
Students learn to design and evaluate curricula and materials for classroom and clinical teaching.
Students learn to design and evaluate curricula and teaching materials.
Students learn to design and implement coders and decoders.
Students learn to design and implement computer-based solutions to a variety of problems.
Students learn to design and make their own patterns.
Students learn to design and produce apparel both manually and using computer-aided design systems.
Students learn to design computer-based information systems for a real organization.
Students learn to design consumer products that are comfortable, attractive, and safe to use.
Students learn to design garments through the utilization of draping techniques.
Students learn to design individual education programs that fit the special needs of students today.
Students learn to design individualized programs for toddlers and preschooler's with special needs.
Students learn to design linear filters.
Students learn to design simple programs involving looping, decision making and use of functions.
Students learn to design studies, collect data, and use computers for data reduction and analysis.
Students learn to design the perfect fitting original designs.
Students learn to design, code, debug, and document programs using proper preprogramming techniques.
Students learn to design, create, and edit business presentations.
Students learn to design, develop, and deliver oral presentations with accompanying visual support.
Students learn to design, install, test, and manage local and wide area networks.
Students learn to design, use, evaluate and select systems for specific needs.
Students learn to design, write, test, document, and implement computer programs.
Students learn to detect balance and imbalance in the body through training in pulse diagnosis.
Students learn to determine body fat and calculate calorie requirements.
Students learn to determine cost of the project, including rental and transportation.
Students learn to determine range use, condition and carrying capacity.
Students learn to determine the main idea, identify facts, and draw inferences.
Students learn to determine the plant's water requirements and control the crop's use of water.
Students learn to develop and analyze the information reported in financial statements.
Students learn to develop and apply design concepts to express imaginative themes.
Students learn to develop and defend their own views on the issues.
Students learn to develop and enlarge black and white film.
Students learn to develop and enlarge photos taken during school events.
Students learn to develop and manage advertising campaigns, including evaluation of said campaigns.
Students learn to develop designs that are usable and useful for people.
Students learn to develop film to print their images.
Students learn to develop global friendships with children of all races, creeds and colors.
Students learn to develop means to solve problems and to reflect upon and evaluate the means chosen.
Students learn to develop miniature sculptural forms as functional jewelry.
Students learn to develop researchable questions through interaction with their teacher.
Students learn to develop socially, as well as academically.
Students learn to develop sufficient skils for personal muscial enjoyment.
Students learn to develop the general from the specific at both the paragraph and essay levels.
Students learn to develop their marketing skills by participating in hands-on projects.
Students learn to develop their true singing voice through proper vocal technique.
Students learn to develop various design concepts from inception to conclusion.
Students learn to develop, implement, and maintain systems in business, government and other areas.
Students learn to develop, organize and edit their work.
Students learn to develop, validate, implement, and maintain high-quality software products.
Students learn to devise assessment instruments for evaluation purposes.
Students learn to diagnose and remediate children's reading problems.
Students learn to diagnose, treat and manage the surgical patient.
Students learn to diagram all the parts of speech.
Students learn to differentiate between assertiveness, non-assertiveness, and aggressiveness.
Students learn to differentiate between inherited traits and learned behaviors.
Students learn to differentiate between mass and weight and calculate their difference.
Students learn to differentiate between real and fake jade and to see jade carving in process.
Students learn to digitize images with a reflection scanner, a film scanner, and a digital camera.
Students learn to direct their own learning.
Students learn to disassemble and reassemble sections of an airplane.
Students learn to disassemble and reassemble the computers they take home.
Students learn to disassemble, reassemble, function check, and safely operate equipment.
Students learn to discern objective from subjective knowledge and explore the concept of truth.
Students learn to discuss complex topics in idiomatic English.
Students learn to discuss mathematics.
Students learn to dissect a patent and translate a patent specification into plain English.
Students learn to distinguish between fact and opinion and to identify main and supporting ideas.
Students learn to distinguish between living and nonliving things.
Students learn to distinguish dinosaur fact from fantasy.
Students learn to distinguish fact from opinion.
Students learn to distinguish levels of formality through customary greetings.
Students learn to distinguish the different types of motion associated with the faults.
Students learn to do all tasks safely and with respect for the environment.
Students learn to do design and project management work in globally distributed teams.
Students learn to do Web research in the field of mathematics.
Students learn to do what statisticians and data analysts actually do.
Students learn to draft and revise their papers with a word processing program.
Students learn to draft deeds, prepare settlement sheets, and conduct title searches.
Students learn to draft simple contracts and partnership agreements.
Students learn to draft simple pleadings.
Students learn to draft wills and prepare inheritance tax forms.
Students learn to drape more intricate garments.
Students learn to draw dinosaurs and then add to their drawings in a relief form.
Students learn to draw figures in motion.
Students learn to draw floor plans to scale with furniture.
Students learn to draw form, objects, space, and objects in space.
Students learn to draw perceived objects and become able to discuss the drawings meaningfully.
Students learn to draw perspective drawings by using one and two vanishing points.
Students learn to draw up a business plan along with a Web site.
Students learn to drive under different driving conditions.
Students learn to dry mount photos and to sign and edition their work for presentation.
Students learn to edit and check their spelling on the computer.
Students learn to edit stories and design news pages.
Students learn to edit tape, write for sound and cover stories.
Students learn to effectively communicate ideas through quick sketching visual formats.
Students learn to effectively use humor to make a point.
Students learn to effectively use the same mental approach or action plan at all types of fires.
Students learn to elicit a comprehensive history and to carry out a complete physical examination.
Students learn to embrace life through the concepts of adventure, self-discovery and service.
Students learn to employ scientific methods in evaluating the health status of a patient.
Students learn to encourage creative learning through art and music activities.
Students learn to engineer recombinant eukuryotic viruses and express genes in mouse tissue.
Students learn to enhance the distance learning instruction by using various AV tools.
Students learn to enjoy music while learning a lot at the same time.
Students learn to enjoy working with people from other cultures by interacting on given tasks.
Students learn to enter and edit labels, values, formulas and functions.
Students learn to enter numbers using the numeric keypad on the computer.
Students learn to estimate and measure lengths using non-standard measurement tools.
Students learn to estimate cost and quantities of materials needed for design projects.
Students learn to estimate population changes and develop diversity indices.
Students learn to estimate sums and differences in problems involving mixed numbers.
Students learn to estimate the length of objects with and without a referent.
Students learn to estimate, measure, compare sizes, quantities, and lengths.
Students learn to evacuate systems for cleaning and charging.
Students learn to evaluate and challenge the major theories and methods of study of development.
Students learn to evaluate and deal with environmental and workplace hazards.
Students learn to evaluate and improve their diet through the use of a computerized assessment.
Students learn to evaluate and utilize research reports.
Students learn to evaluate carcasses and cuts based on quality and cutability.
Students learn to evaluate community needs and how to implement an educational program.
Students learn to evaluate critically.
Students learn to evaluate data based on descriptive statistics and inferential procedures.
Students learn to evaluate form to function, way of going, various performance events and soundness.
Students learn to evaluate how the media relate events.
Students learn to evaluate information that is presented in statistical form.
Students learn to evaluate the quality of foods by comparing each food to a standard product.
Students learn to evaluate theory models and to apply the content by developing and testing models.
Students learn to evaluate various dairy products for sensory attributes.
Students learn to evaluate, create, and implement exercise programs for a variety of populations.
Students learn to evaluate, develop, modify, translate, and test instruments for use in research.
Students learn to evaluate, select and implement different communication options within a business.
Students learn to examine the world of work and the occupational alternatives available.
Students learn to examine their intuition and evaluate the authority, evidence, and logic of claims.
Students learn to examine their own behavior and the behavior of others.
Students learn to examine usability, bias, applicability, authenticity, and authorship.
Students learn to excel in one of many technical areas, along with a usual high school curriculum.
Students learn to expect the unexpected.
Students learn to experience Israel in an independent and responsible manner.
Students learn to experience meditation in motion.
Students learn to explain, analyze, develop, and criticize ideas effectively.
Students learn to explore and discuss difficult topics.
Students learn to explore artworks using the language of aesthetic and critical inquiry.
Students learn to express a sequence of events and deal with the expression of more abstract ideas.
Students learn to express an opinion in a concise manner.
Students learn to express likes and dislikes as well as to indicate possession and causation.
Students learn to express plasticity, space, light and air through color relationships.
Students learn to express relationships verbally, pictorially, graphically, and symbolically.
Students learn to express their analytical insights through the preparation of voice-leading graphs.
Students learn to express their ideas freely and without the fear of criticism.
Students learn to express their thoughts and remain more or less at ease.
Students learn to express their thoughts by writing and speaking clearly and logically.
Students learn to express their thoughts, feelings and values in a variety of visual forms.
Students learn to express themselves correctly and with good fluency.
Students learn to express themselves in the current idiom with fluency and accuracy.
Students learn to express themselves in the target language and to apply it in practical ways.
Students learn to express themselves more fluently and clearly.
Students learn to express themselves orally and in writing on complex subjects.
Students learn to express themselves verbally and in writing on a variety of survival topics.
Students learn to express themselves with shape, form, and depth.
Students learn to extend their skills on the challenge course.
Students learn to fabricate works in silver.
Students learn to facilitate group analysis and decision-making.
Students learn to fight with each weapon, practicing fighting techniques and sparring in class.
Students learn to filter information.
Students learn to find and criticize historical literature and to identify trends in historiography.
Students learn to find and use resources whereever they exist.
Students learn to find area and volume of many geometric shapes and solids.
Students learn to find constellations in the sky and learn their names.
Students learn to find the area and the volume of many figures by using formulas.
Students learn to find the area of a pizza so they can compare prices.
Students learn to find the bright planets in the current sky.
Students learn to find the natural marks and texture produced only by clay.
Students learn to find the volumes of regularly and irregularly shaped objects.
Students learn to float without support and recover to a vertical position.
Students learn to float without support and to recover to a vertical position.
Students learn to flow from one drum to the next using the upstroke of the paradiddle.
Students learn to fly tandem at altitude with an instructor.
Students learn to focus and listen, take direction and acquire stage presence.
Students learn to focus by brainstorming on specially designed think sheets.
Students learn to focus on grammatical relationships within the natural flow of spoken English.
Students learn to focus on their strengths and to learn to accept their weaknesses.
Students learn to form, and live responsibly within, an intellectual and social community.
Students learn to form, recognize and understand individual characters.
Students learn to format letters, memos, and reports correctly.
Students learn to formulate correct simple sentences in English.
Students learn to formulate, test and revise hypotheses in daily science classes.
Students learn to frame inquiries and problems as research questions.
Students learn to frame questions to begin research.
Students learn to function as an effective group member within a realistic, job like environment.
Students learn to function as team members solving problems in manufacturing and service systems.
Students learn to function as team members to solve problems in manufacturing and service systems.
Students learn to function in a professional environment.
Students learn to function in an American environment.
Students learn to function in the language within a limited context of vocabulary and structure.
Students learn to function in the language within a limited context of vocabulary and structures.
Students learn to gather and distribute qi and recommend qigong exercises to selected patients.
Students learn to gather information and check facts using Internet search engines.
Students learn to gather news and information, edit, write, and layout publications.
Students learn to gather, sort, and classify information and construct graphs.
Students learn to generate and qualify leads and to create potential consumers.
Students learn to get intrinsic rewards for higher self-esteem.
Students learn to give a full body massage in the traditional Swedish method and much more.
Students learn to give an oral technical presentation and practice life-long learning.
Students learn to give and receive constructive criticism on creative work.
Students learn to give helpful information about things they know how to do and things they learn.
Students learn to give technical presentations.
Students learn to gouge cane and adjust the gouging machine.
Students learn to handle a wide range of specialized responsibilities in the legal field.
Students learn to handle all of the basic staff positions on the TV studio production team.
Students learn to handle basic firefighting and rescue responsibilities.
Students learn to handle pipettes, balances, and spectrophotometers.
Students learn to handle purchase orders, repair requests and monthly statements.
Students learn to handle tasks that involve oral communication, reading and basic writing skills.
Students learn to handle the paraglider on the ground before they take to the skies.
Students learn to help clients identify the problem that provides the focus for counseling.
Students learn to help teachers use technology to deliver more effective lessons.
Students learn to hypothesize and test their theories.
Students learn to hypothesize why a problem exists.
Students learn to identify alternative energy sources.
Students learn to identify and adjust character objectives through rehearsal.
Students learn to identify and classify the cliches into the types of figurative language.
Students learn to identify and control inferences that can be drawn from such data.
Students learn to identify and improve their individual physical fitness level.
Students learn to identify and name all engine parts and then to break down and rebuild the engine.
Students learn to identify and practice effective methods of communicating with children.
Students learn to identify and understand standard English spoken by various voices.
Students learn to identify and use outside resources.
Students learn to identify and write musical intervals, simple chords, and rhythms.
Students learn to identify cells and organs based on microscopic structural attributes.
Students learn to identify common earth materials in laboratory.
Students learn to identify common earth materials, fossils, and rock structures in laboratory.
Students learn to identify common earth materials.
Students learn to identify defective components, analyze motor problems and repair electric motors.
Students learn to identify effective and ineffective leadership practices in various settings.
Students learn to identify freshwater fishes of North America in the laboratory and the field.
Students learn to identify harmonic progressions in music.
Students learn to identify hazardous slopes and how to best travel through avalanche-prone terrain.
Students learn to identify insects and take home an insect pin.
Students learn to identify legal liabilities related to the travel industry.
Students learn to identify manufacturing procedures that cause inefficiencies in assembly time.
Students learn to identify news writing methods and create news stories.
Students learn to identify organisms and their pollution tolerances.
Students learn to identify origin points, object linking and rotoscoping.
Students learn to identify potential means of improvement through modeling and forecasting.
Students learn to identify problems and to analyze, plan, communicate and implement solutions.
Students learn to identify problems, analyze data, test ideas against the facts, and write reports.
Students learn to identify safe places to ride.
Students learn to identify security risks, to plan permissions and to design security solutions.
Students learn to identify sources of stress and frustration.
Students learn to identify styles of theatre and stage types, ground and floor plans.
Students learn to identify teaching problems and engage in activities that lead to their solutions.
Students learn to identify the human interests and values involved in making decisions.
Students learn to identify the negative consequences of gang and group violence.
Students learn to identify the physical and aesthetic characteristics of knitted garments.
Students learn to identify the signs, symptoms, and stages of chemical dependency.
Students learn to identify their transferable skills, and evaluate their degree of work readiness.
Students learn to identify various rock types and formations.
Students learn to identify various species of wildlife and examine their habitats.
Students learn to identify verbal and figural similarities and differences.
Students learn to identify waste reduction techniques.
Students learn to identify wine grapes and judge the appearances, aromas and flavors of wines.
Students learn to identify woody, herbaceous and turfgrass plants used for landscaping purposes.
Students learn to identify, classify, and apply cost accounting techniques in business applications.
Students learn to identify, formulate and solve computer science and engineering problems.
Students learn to improve their bowling techniques while practicing for games against other schools.
Students learn to improve their diction, tone, and vocal mannerisms.
Students learn to improve their drawing skills and develop a sense for three-dimensional drawing.
Students learn to improve their skills on the challenge course.
Students learn to include basic imaging techniques in the presentation of design solutions.
Students learn to incorporate sound and animation into web pages.
Students learn to increase career awareness, make career decisions and take career action.
Students learn to increase joint mobility through movement and massage.
Students learn to independently seek and obtain personal knowledge in psychology.
Students learn to infuse developmentally approximate practice into early intervention.
Students learn to initiate research, implement it, and disseminate the results.
Students learn to input patient information, schedule appointments, and handle billing.
Students learn to input text and how to open, close, save, and print documents.
Students learn to insert frames, pictures, graphics and charts into Word documents.
Students learn to install and repair equipment in the lab segments of the major.
Students learn to install and repair equipment in the lab segments of the program.
Students learn to install, manage, troubleshoot and upgrade computer networks.
Students learn to install, relocate, troubleshoot, and repair copper twisted pair network cabling.
Students learn to integrate meaning, structure, and visual cues to draw meaning from text.
Students learn to integrate the creative process into all areas of life.
Students learn to integrate their database tables with other software applications.
Students learn to integrate theory and methods across sub-disciplines.
Students learn to integrate various concepts and information.
Students learn to interact through a computer interface.
Students learn to interact with others, to share and how to make friends.
Students learn to interact with others, to share, and how to make friends.
Students learn to interact with people and to apply skills in a professional setting.
Students learn to interact with people of different socioeconomic backgrounds.
Students learn to interpret American culture through body language and common idioms.
Students learn to interpret articles and design projects.
Students learn to interpret culture by concentrating on close reading and expository writing.
Students learn to interpret filtered signals and frequency representations of sampled signals.
Students learn to interpret meter and key signature as well as other musical terms.
Students learn to interpret meter and key signatures as well as other musical terms.
Students learn to interpret natural and cultural phenomena in the outdoors.
Students learn to interpret rock and fossil evidence.
Students learn to judge when they are ready to take a test.
Students learn to keep accounts and design and cook complex menus.
Students learn to keyboard by touch and develope speed.
Students learn to keyboard rapidly and accurately.
Students learn to know each other as well as the local Scandinavian community.
Students learn to knowledgeably critique research as they develop their own.
Students learn to learn, which is the best preparation for college studies and for life.
Students learn to link together important related concepts and ideas.
Students learn to listen critically, identifying basic musical elements in complex, textured works.
Students learn to listen deeply and discover what it feels like to be truly heard.
Students learn to listen to college lectures and take notes.
Students learn to listen to one another in order to understand more completely.
Students learn to live and assist others in harmony with the natural environment.
Students learn to live and become part of something.
Students learn to live and work together while increasing their riding skills.
Students learn to live and work together.
Students learn to live, learn and work both independently and cooperatively.
Students learn to load and fire the kiln.
Students learn to locate and identify trigger points found in the body.
Students learn to locate and read communication research and propose their own research topics.
Students learn to locate and update primary authorities from state and federal resources.
Students learn to locate each organ by using surface landmarks.
Students learn to locate materials through frequent practice.
Students learn to locate, assess and present historical data from primary and secondary sources.
Students learn to logically analyze a problem and to write, correct and test computer programs.
Students learn to look at the concerns of other cultures and to evaluate their own values.
Students learn to look closely at texts and to enjoy narratives.
Students learn to machine to very close tolerances and achieve accurate geometrical shapes.
Students learn to maintain and make minor repairs on various types of welding equipment.
Students learn to maintain the servers that regulate e-mail and student file servers.
Students learn to make a backpack from a tarp and ropes.
Students learn to make a variety of themati map types using computer graphics programs.
Students learn to make and analyze bar and line graphs.
Students learn to make authentic bagels, bialys, and related breads.
Students learn to make careful field observations and interpret field data.
Students learn to make choices with the viewfinder.
Students learn to make choices.
Students learn to make clay bodies and glazes from the program's stocks of raw materials.
Students learn to make clinical decisions based on the best available evidence.
Students learn to make decisions within the context of a realistic consumer-oriented environment.
Students learn to make ethical business decisions in a global environment.
Students learn to make financial decisions, save money, a use money to help others.
Students learn to make generalizations using simple present tense.
Students learn to make good behavior choices.
Students learn to make informed economic decisions through literature and hands-on activities.
Students learn to make intelligent decisions for themselves and their communities.
Students learn to make judgments and solve problems through critical thinking and reasoning skills.
Students learn to make knowledgeable decisions when confronted with conflicts in practice.
Students learn to make multimedia presentations, spreadsheets and graphic designs.
Students learn to make presentations by using technology as an audio-visual aid.
Students learn to make sense of a large and complex economy.
Students learn to make sound decisions regarding their bodies.
Students learn to make stories by putting together words.
Students learn to make their backyard or school grounds a home for wildlife.
Students learn to make use of various library resources.
Students learn to make valid inferences and to interpret tone and figurative usage.
Students learn to make weavings out of paper or cloth just as women did during colonial times.
Students learn to manage a personal checking account, as well as balance records for small business.
Students learn to manage and resolve conflict in business, governmental, and community settings.
Students learn to manage both the technology and the technicians who operate the systems.
Students learn to manage breeder flocks and hatchery operations.
Students learn to manage diversity, technology, ethical issues, and change.
Students learn to manage the promotion, control, and collection of consumer and business credit.
Students learn to manage their money when they leave home for the first time.
Students learn to manage their time, communicate, become organized, and practice leadership.
Students learn to manipulate a variety of media to express their visual ideas.
Students learn to manipulate a variety of media.
Students learn to manipulate common objects to illustrate quantities, sizes and distances.
Students learn to manipulate language and apply more complex grammatical structures.
Students learn to manipulate line, shape, color, value, texture, and form.
Students learn to manipulate the content of each window to create and refine a model.
Students learn to manipulate the mouse, set up folders, move the cursor, and use the arrow keys.
Students learn to master energy band diagram analysis.
Students learn to master the art of living independently in a clean, secure environment.
Students learn to match animal mothers with their babies and with written text.
Students learn to measure, cut, sand, drill, nail, paint, assemble and design.
Students learn to mediate building and site issues in designing and detailing foundation systems.
Students learn to meet the personal hygiene, nutritional, and safety needs of the older patient.
Students learn to mimic the reader's intonation and fluency.
Students learn to minister as they sing, play musical instruments and share testimonies.
Students learn to mix their own colors.
Students learn to model, analyze, and represent problems in numerous ways.
Students learn to model, light, create, and mange their own animation project.
Students learn to model, simulate, optimize, integrate and evaluate complex systems.
Students learn to modify system configuration files in order to optimize system performance.
Students learn to move with their partners and be sensitive to their movements.
Students learn to multiply by ten, multiples of ten, and powers of ten.
Students learn to multiply polynomials, factor various types of trinomials, and square binomials.
Students learn to observe and make predictions.
Students learn to observe and record the life sequences of many insects through hands-on activities.
Students learn to observe, record and compare results and inform others.
Students learn to offer and receive criticism and praise in meaningful and mature ways.
Students learn to operate a successful business by working with Iowa business professionals.
Students learn to operate cameras, compose pictures, develop film, and make prints and enlargements.
Students learn to operate equipment and instrumentation with precision.
Students learn to operate the counting systems.
Students learn to operate with radicals, fractions, and equations.
Students learn to organize and deliver presentations, and to evaluate each other.
Students learn to organize and display real data to reveal patterns and surprises.
Students learn to organize and plan a paragraph and continue to develop correct grammatical usage.
Students learn to organize essays using colored strips of paper.
Students learn to organize their institutions to meet fundamental purposes and educational goals.
Students learn to organize their thinking and writing using five-paragraph essays.
Students learn to organize their writing style through directed essays and composition.
Students learn to organize thoughts and ideas through pre-writing and revising their work.
Students learn to organize, evaluate, and manage information.
Students learn to organize, plan and implement instruction in health and physical education classes.
Students learn to overcome anger and peer pressure with successful, innovative treatment programs. .
Students learn to overcome obstacles and persevere until they experience success and achievement.
Students learn to paraphrase, describe floor plans, and develop a skit through the use of gestures.
Students learn to participate in an ethical decision-making process.
Students learn to participate in basic conversations in routine social situations.
Students learn to participate more effectively in daily social interaction.
Students learn to perfect their pronunciation by intensive oral exercises.
Students learn to perform acute toxicity tests, make measurements, and work with test organisms.
Students learn to perform challenging literature from all musical periods.
Students learn to perform duties needed in the legal secretarial field.
Students learn to perform keyword searches and evaluate the information they retrieve.
Students learn to perform laboratory procedures by assisting with actual tests on hospital patients.
Students learn to perform songs with confidence and style.
Students learn to piggyback ideas - to build on the ideas of others.
Students learn to place blocks strategically.
Students learn to place results within a context for judgment of size and worth.
Students learn to plan ahead, and make on the spot corrections quickly.
Students learn to plan and carry out activities without dependency on others.
Students learn to plan and implement goals.
Students learn to plan and implement interdisciplinary learning experiences.
Students learn to plan and present mathematics lessons and units using contemporary methods.
Students learn to plan and present science lessons and units using contemporary methods.
Students learn to plan and present social lessons and units using contemporary methods.
Students learn to plan and pursue a sequence of steps in rehearsing, creating, and performing.
Students learn to plan before they press keys.
Students learn to plan campaigns and create graphic materials.
Students learn to plan conventions that are meaningful learning experiences.
Students learn to plan for the future and explore the business world.
Students learn to plan interviews and use interview checklists, as well as to listen effectively.
Students learn to plan projects days and weeks in advance.
Students learn to plan their thinking before writing by using various graphic organizers.
Students learn to plan their work and to follow safety and health regulations.
Students learn to plan, conduct and evaluate programs of behavior change for themselves and others.
Students learn to plan, conduct and evaluate programs of behavior change for themselves or others.
Students learn to plan, deliver, evaluate, and report instructional outcomes.
Students learn to plan, organize and cater functions through integrated teamwork and participation.
Students learn to plan, resource and execute effective training.
Students learn to plan, resource, and execute effective training.
Students learn to plan, shop, prepare and evaluate recipes and menus to promote good nutrition.
Students learn to plaster up a large fossil so that it can be safely moved.
Students learn to play a brass instrument.
Students learn to play a recorder to learn the basics of pitch, notes, and listening to music.
Students learn to play by feel and touch rather than depending on sight.
Students learn to play desired roles as seen in actual production situations.
Students learn to play instruments and march in formation.
Students learn to play keyboards or guitar.
Students learn to play some of the songs and then accompany the dancers.
Students learn to play the alto or tenor recorder, read scores, and harmonize with their fellows.
Students learn to play the clarinet or other woodwind instruments.
Students learn to play the principal string instruments.
Students learn to play the recorder from grade one.
Students learn to play the recorder.
Students learn to play their chosen instruments one note at a time.
Students learn to play xylophones, metallophones, glockenspiels and drums.
Students learn to plot and analyze weather maps.
Students learn to predict the probable causes of automatic transmission failures.
Students learn to prepare a script, manage a production and call a show.
Students learn to prepare an international array of robust and delicious soups for Fall dinners.
Students learn to prepare and deliver sales presentations.
Students learn to prepare and file bankruptcy petitions.
Students learn to prepare and record typical transactions for the purchase and sale of inventory.
Students learn to prepare and serve a variety of Oriental dishes.
Students learn to prepare drawings and detailed documents of interior spaces.
Students learn to prepare environments that simulate the natural habitats of animals.
Students learn to prepare foods representative of other cultures and regions.
Students learn to prepare for performance and auditions.
Students learn to prepare law office memoranda, legal briefs, and other common legal documents.
Students learn to prepare memos of law.
Students learn to prepare nutritious meals, budgeting and other home related skills.
Students learn to prepare pies, cakes, biscuits, yeast rolls, and doughnuts.
Students learn to prepare various forms of legal documents used in civil trial practice.
Students learn to prepare, develop and present a lesson using a variety of techniques and programs.
Students learn to prepare, maintain , and use the tools of the carver.
Students learn to prepare, summarize, and analyze various types of financial records.
Students learn to prepare, understand, and interpret financial statements.
Students learn to present their work in a number of ways.
Students learn to prevent and control infection.
Students learn to problem-solve through practical and realistic cases.
Students learn to process grammar in real time and construct rules for key grammar points.
Students learn to process language in two ways.
Students learn to process their film, select and print their negatives.
Students learn to process, print, and present photographic images.
Students learn to produce fine art prints, a portfolio and to exhibit their work.
Students learn to produce images using digital tools and techniques.
Students learn to produce plan views of the excavations and profiles of the stratigraphy.
Students learn to produce proofs, which develops general problem solving skills.
Students learn to program computers to take measurements and analyze data.
Students learn to program, edit, and set up equipment.
Students learn to project their voices to the audience through speech and song.
Students learn to properly balance rations, using several methods.
Students learn to protect and preserve human health and the environment.
Students learn to protect lives and property as well as preserve the peace while upholding the law.
Students learn to protect their work by embedding digital watermarks.
Students learn to protect themselves and the equipment as they work.
Students learn to provide for the safety of patrons and effectively respond to emergencies.
Students learn to provide peer counseling and educational presentations on LGBT campus issues.
Students learn to provide prompts and on screen help to facilitate use of the form.
Students learn to pursue work intensively, then to rest and regenerate for the next round.
Students learn to question, analyze, categorize, and synthesize information.
Students learn to read accurately, to understand technology protocol and to respond concisely.
Students learn to read advanced college-level material.
Students learn to read and brief cases.
Students learn to read and crititcally evaluate organic chemistry literature.
Students learn to read and fill out a check, read savings book and balance a check book.
Students learn to read and trace double consonants, consonant clusters and phonograms.
Students learn to read and understand the language of medicine.
Students learn to read and understand the prayers and prayer book, and to write Hebrew script.
Students learn to read and use English effectively in the subject area of history.
Students learn to read and write basic English.
Students learn to read and write by spending quality time reading and writing.
Students learn to read and write the complete Arabic alphabet.
Students learn to read and write.
Students learn to read as writers as they identify story elements in literature.
Students learn to read critically and comprehend current scientific publications.
Students learn to read easily.
Students learn to read food labels to determine nutritious foods.
Students learn to read for meaning, understanding, and interpretation.
Students learn to read Greek sentences and passages, and to translate from English into Greek.
Students learn to read ground plans and working drawings.
Students learn to read laboratory instructions.
Students learn to read lead sheets and written parts and to create their own accompaniments.
Students learn to read more effectively when listening and other language foundations are strong.
Students learn to read music and create music in the class.
Students learn to read music and play the particular instrument of choice.
Students learn to read music and special emphasis is given to the singing voice.
Students learn to read music and study the basics of mandolin technique.
Students learn to read music notation.
Students learn to read music, identify musical patterns and recognize various instruments.
Students learn to read music, play rhythms, understand basics of music notation, and performance.
Students learn to read musical notation as they play the soprano recorder.
Students learn to read novels, plays, and short stories critically and to watch films critically.
Students learn to read subtleties in the original that are often lost in translation.
Students learn to read texts written in both simplified and full-form characters.
Students learn to read the basic signs, syntax, and structures of dramatic and cinematic language.
Students learn to read the language presented in textbooks and required outside readings.
Students learn to read the words as the slideshow is played over and over.
Students learn to read the written music by identifying the type of note or rest used.
Students learn to read Tibetan literature through exposure to a range of sources.
Students learn to read to be informed, to perform a task, and for literary experience.
Students learn to read, critically analyze and present scientific papers in different subjects.
Students learn to read, write, and speak in the language of mathematics.
Students learn to read, write, and speak more effectively both personally and professionally.
Students learn to read, write, listen to and speak about a variety of topics in Spanish.
Students learn to reason and think in an international context.
Students learn to reason informally about algorithm and data structure correctness and complexity.
Students learn to reason mathematically and become problem solvers.
Students learn to recognise that they are responsible for the choices they make.
Students learn to recognize and are challenged and motivated to do what is right.
Students learn to recognize and correct pronunciation problems.
Students learn to recognize and deal with perceptions of the world, which differ from their own.
Students learn to recognize and discriminate between standard musical forms and genres.
Students learn to recognize certain arrangements of dots or stars as representing certain numbers.
Students learn to recognize common map symbols.
Students learn to recognize design application in both natural and man-made environments.
Students learn to recognize Gems from all over the world.
Students learn to recognize Greek and Latin derivatives.
Students learn to recognize how composers use the musical materials to create different effects.
Students learn to recognize how each medium interprets historical information.
Students learn to recognize imperfections in the script and methods of correction.
Students learn to recognize methods that prevent disease and create harmony in the body.
Students learn to recognize periodontal conditions as they relate to periodontal charting.
Students learn to recognize problems in the community and to develop relevant service projects.
Students learn to recognize some of our living indicators of water quality.
Students learn to recognize the organization and emphasis of class lectures.
Students learn to recognize the principles of aircraft flight in nature, machines and sports.
Students learn to recognize the purpose and function of advertisements.
Students learn to recognize the quantitative and qualitative tests used in judging security values.
Students learn to recognize their own names in English.
Students learn to record and analyze myth and ritual.
Students learn to record and classify financial information and analyze quantitative data.
Students learn to record and edit voice and sound effects.
Students learn to record and summarize financial data for both service and merchandising businesses.
Students learn to refine their basic skills, as they take more detailed instruction.
Students learn to reflect on their own reading, asking questions and making comments.
Students learn to reflect upon their work while advancing toward their goals.
Students learn to regulate their own behavior.
Students learn to relate positively to themselves and others in a supportive environment.
Students learn to relax and to unify mind, body, and spirit.
Students learn to rely on friends that they see at school every day.
Students learn to rely on their abilities instead of only on their tools.
Students learn to rely on their colleagues as well as the instructor for information clarification.
Students learn to report and write hard news stories and several variations thereof.
Students learn to represent multiple solution paths to the problems being solved.
Students learn to reproduce a working door latch system.
Students learn to research and organize concepts both verbally and visually.
Students learn to research and present information as well as present their case.
Students learn to research and structure information through visual organization of image and text.
Students learn to research relevant areas of the tax laws.
Students learn to research when drawing.
Students learn to research, organize and write a major magazine article of publishable quality.
Students learn to research, write and edit lengthy articles of national magazine quality.
Students learn to research, write and teach about historical, social and cultural themes.
Students learn to research, write, and layout print materials, and to create broadcast news stories.
Students learn to respect others and to keep their distance.
Students learn to ride both English and Western styles, and to lunge and ground drive their mounts.
Students learn to sacrifice individual glory and recognition for the benefit of the team.
Students learn to safely and effectively use the microscopes and prepare their own slides.
Students learn to say hello to themselves and others as spirit, cooperation and enthusiasm.
Students learn to schedule several interviews on each trip in order to cut costs.
Students learn to sculpt various forms out of clay .
Students learn to search the library's online catalog, electronic databases, and the Internet.
Students learn to search, access, and critically evaluate information available on the Internet.
Students learn to see and become sensitive to effects of light on color.
Students learn to see how a work can appeal to their five senses or to their spiritual beliefs.
Students learn to see inside the body and read the energy fields.
Students learn to see problems and solutions from a variety of perspectives.
Students learn to select and make purchases at grocery stores, restaurants, and department stores.
Students learn to select and use specific instruments to identify and quantify specific chemicals.
Students learn to select appropriate welding rods and to adjust and operate welders.
Students learn to select books at their skill level.
Students learn to select styles and forms appropriate to their personal meaning and purpose.
Students learn to select theories and techniques to develop a personal style of counseling.
Students learn to select yarns, weaves, and equipment and design original textiles.
Students learn to select, focus, and sustain an idea in a short composition.
Students learn to select, introduce, present, and explain visuals in business reports.
Students learn to select, prepare and serve nutritious and appealing meals.
Students learn to select, prepare, and serve nutritious and appealing meals.
Students learn to select, use and evaluate sources pertinent to their topic.
Students learn to select, use, and evaluate sources pertinent to their topics.
Students learn to self-advocate by role playing in a speech and language development series.
Students learn to serve and serve to learn.
Students learn to set and realize personal goals and are challenged to develop their talents.
Students learn to set goals and monitor their own progress toward goals.
Students learn to set goals for health.
Students learn to set personal goals and use personal finance strategies to manage debt.
Students learn to set up, format, save and print spreadsheets.
Students learn to set-up documents, use various tools, and import text and images.
Students learn to share ideas and trust one another and themselves in brainstorming sessions.
Students learn to sharpen and care for tools.
Students learn to sharpen their study skills and work collaboratively.
Students learn to sharpen writing, resolve clarity problems, and add vigor to writing.
Students learn to shoot a bow, participate in archery games and tournament play.
Students learn to shoot camcorders with the in-camera edit feature.
Students learn to shoot out of sequence, organize their shoots, put together film and freelance.
Students learn to shop independently and compare prices for best shopping.
Students learn to show responsibility for personal actions.
Students learn to simplify expressions with and without variables.
Students learn to sing in unison and harmony.
Students learn to sketch pictorials so they can sketch in a brainstorming session.
Students learn to sleep on rocking beds and live without many of the conveniences they're used to.
Students learn to solder, splice and wire correctly and safely.
Students learn to solve absolute value equations and inequalities.
Students learn to solve accounting problems both manually and with the aid of computers.
Students learn to solve accounting problems both manually and with the aid of microcomputers.
Students learn to solve equations, find areas, and calculate interest on a loan.
Students learn to solve open-ended problems using trial and error, simulation, and optimization.
Students learn to solve practical problems through laboratory work and various projects.
Students learn to solve problems associated with the allocation of limited resources over time.
Students learn to solve problems by using their drawings and technology.
Students learn to solve problems in the organization and development of written compositions.
Students learn to solve problems independently, and help each other develop skills.
Students learn to solve problems using the tools of the respective discipline.
Students learn to solve problems with the use of computers.
Students learn to solve radical equations.
Students learn to solve two-step equations, and to identify and solve inequalities.
Students learn to speak colloquial Tibetan, as well as learn to read and write the script.
Students learn to speak in the present tense and learn to read and write simple paragraphs.
Students learn to speak in the present, simple past, and simple future.
Students learn to speak Spanish naturally by hearing and using it in their regular activities.
Students learn to speak, read and write.
Students learn to speak, read, and write French or Spanish with comprehension.
Students learn to speak, think, and write clearly and concisely, critically and creatively.
Students learn to speak, write and recognize characters in Mandarin.
Students learn to spell through phonics, and use daily writing to share their ideas with others.
Students learn to spot satellites in the sky, even in cold winter months.
Students learn to state and test their own hypotheses.
Students learn to stay warm and toasty in all conditions.
Students learn to stretch major muscle groups to promote flexibility and coordination.
Students learn to structure, adapt, plan, present, and assess activities for therapeutic use.
Students learn to succeed by acquiring practical leadership abilities.
Students learn to summarize and communicate efficiently with other students.
Students learn to summarize information through the use of headlines.
Students learn to supervise and coordinate events as well as work with others.
Students learn to supplement class learning with independent investigation.
Students learn to supplement class learning with independent research.
Students learn to support and accommodate each other, a valuable skill in future employment.
Students learn to surface dive as well as additional swimming turns.
Students learn to survey, record, and analyze gravestone data through field projects.
Students learn to survey, record, and analyze historical data.
Students learn to swim greater distances and are introduced to diving and safety rules.
Students learn to symbolize arguments in the truth-functional logic and the predicate logic.
Students learn to take a history, attend to pain cues, pain assessment, and nursing interventions.
Students learn to take accurate and complete class notes.
Students learn to take accurate and complete lecture notes.
Students learn to take apart, mend and resew a book of their own.
Students learn to take dictation consisting of business correspondence with speed and accuracy.
Students learn to take mathematics to a new level.
Students learn to take notes on textbook assignments.
Students learn to take pictures and how to complete a page lay-out for the year book.
Students learn to take pulse for aerobic activity lessons.
Students learn to take responsibility for their own actions.
Students learn to take responsibility for their own learning and development.
Students learn to take responsibility for their own learning and initiate their own explorations.
Students learn to take responsibility for their own learning.
Students learn to take risks and are praised for their contribution.
Students learn to take risks and explore their world through concrete experiences.
Students learn to take risks and to trust each other.
Students learn to take turns, follow simple rules and share equipment and space.
Students learn to take X-rays, perform palpations, and learn how to find subluxations in the spine.
Students learn to talk about and evaluate art using the four stages of the critique process.
Students learn to talk about real and future actions in several situations.
Students learn to talk about real life situations and future actions.
Students learn to tap their own intuitions about English to analyze grammatical structure.
Students learn to teach dogs to sit, stay, come and lie down.
Students learn to tell stories.
Students learn to think about, refine, and apply what they learn in the classroom.
Students learn to think analytically about language and communication.
Students learn to think clearly and analytically.
Students learn to think creatively and divergently while working as a team to overcome challenges.
Students learn to think creatively, and communicate effectively.
Students learn to think creatively, to exercise initiative, and to communicate effectively.
Students learn to think critically about their own or a peer s writing.
Students learn to think critically and hands-on projects make learning meaningful and fun.
Students learn to think critically and solve complex problems.
Students learn to think critically and to make interdisciplinary connections.
Students learn to think critically and use primary documents when studying history.
Students learn to think critically, make informed inquiries, and become leaders.
Students learn to think for themselves and recognize false claims.
Students learn to think from the point of view of foreign audiences.
Students learn to think in new ways.
Students learn to think on their feet in the fast-paced district court.
Students learn to think originally while considering and respecting alternative views.
Students learn to think quickly and speak well with very little preparation time.
Students learn to think, read, and write more critically.
Students learn to think.
Students learn to tie flies that work to catch fish in local waters.
Students learn to transfer computer generated images to videotape format.
Students learn to transfer computer-generated images to videotape format.
Students learn to transfer skills from one discipline to another.
Students learn to translate simple sentences with direct objects and prepositional phrases.
Students learn to treat bleeding, broken bones, and heart attacks.
Students learn to troubleshoot and repair a wide variety of consumer electronics products.
Students learn to troubleshoot computer problems through the use of Internet technologies.
Students learn to troubleshoot computer problems through the use of the network operating system.
Students learn to troubleshoot the equipment, identify problems, and correct malfunctions.
Students learn to trust each other and have faith in the outcome.
Students learn to trust police officers through their experiences.
Students learn to trust their own mathematical thinking by having numerous and varied experiences.
Students learn to understand a wide diversity of cultures.
Students learn to understand and convey simple messages in restricted contexts.
Students learn to understand and manage the creative process.
Students learn to understand and use information technology.
Students learn to understand business problems and develop rational and organized solutions.
Students learn to understand college freshman level reading passages with unrestricted vocabulary.
Students learn to understand money and the concept of living.
Students learn to understand rules and team play.
Students learn to understand the basics of physical and cultural geography.
Students learn to understand their best communication style and how to express it.
Students learn to understand their style and perceive their message in interactive classes.
Students learn to understand, read, write and speak about familiar topics and their current lives.
Students learn to understand, read, write and speak about past experiences and events.
Students learn to understand, use and direct activities in art, music and science for preschoolers.
Students learn to use a commercial spreadsheet software package.
Students learn to use a map of Venus to locate positions on the map using coordinates.
Students learn to use a mouse to communicate with the computer.
Students learn to use a process approach to writing and write many versions of every paper.
Students learn to use a simple star map to find the constellations and planets currently visible.
Students learn to use a statistical computer package as part of the course.
Students learn to use a thesaurus by making paper chains of synonyms.
Students learn to use a variety of drawing media.
Students learn to use a variety of sources for research.
Students learn to use a variety of tools and tactics to reach environmental enforcement settlements.
Students learn to use a web search to generate lists of sites relating to slope.
Students learn to use active study strategies by using assignments representative of core courses.
Students learn to use adaptive hardware and software to develop reading, writing, and study skills.
Students learn to use algebra to describe patterns.
Students learn to use an authoring system to program the show.
Students learn to use analytical and logical methods to develop a marketing plan.
Students learn to use and care for emergency equipment.
Students learn to use and understand an additional two hundred Chinese characters.
Students learn to use applied statistics for planning, running, and analyzing an experiment.
Students learn to use applied statistics for planning, running, and analyzing as an experiment.
Students learn to use arrays, nested loops, subprograms, and menu driven programs.
Students learn to use atlases and almanacs.
Students learn to use basic laboratory equipment, instruments, and glassware.
Students learn to use basic perspective and structure.
Students learn to use basic tools for creating interactive multimedia products.
Students learn to use bearing guides and concepts of similar triangles.
Students learn to use Boolean search terms and make Web searching more efficient.
Students learn to use both quantitative and qualitative approaches to evaluation and assessment.
Students learn to use breathing and massage to release emotions causing stress.
Students learn to use browsers as navigational and operational tools.
Students learn to use clear, unambiguous language suited to both the listener and the workplace.
Students learn to use CODE V to design lens and mirror systems.
Students learn to use colored pencils, pastels and paint as they create self-portraits.
Students learn to use colored pencils, pastels and paint as they create their own self-portraits.
Students learn to use commercially available tax return and tax planning packages.
Students learn to use compilers and programming development software tools.
Students learn to use computer accessories.
Students learn to use computer databases.
Students learn to use computer programs for drafting and for creating charts and graphs.
Students learn to use computer technology designed for special populations.
Students learn to use computer technology designed specifically for special populations.
Students learn to use computers as is appropriate to their study of the academic subjects.
Students learn to use computers for research, word processing, and file management.
Students learn to use computers for their writing assignments.
Students learn to use computers to accomplish tasks.
Students learn to use DataCAD which is strictly a building design program.
Students learn to use detail and marshal evidence and examples.
Students learn to use different technology to enhance their work across all subject areas.
Students learn to use electronic analyzers and diagnostic scanners.
Students learn to use email and access the Internet.
Students learn to use e-mail and are introduced to the resources of the Internet.
Students learn to use email in a variety of ways.
Students learn to use English effectively and correctly in an academic setting.
Students learn to use equations and variables to solve problems in a more abstract process.
Students learn to use formatting commands in word processing programs to center text.
Students learn to use gas analyzers to assess human oxygen consumption at rest and during exercise.
Students learn to use government publications.
Students learn to use graph and equation models to represent data trends.
Students learn to use hand tools and power tools in a safe, responsible manner.
Students learn to use high volume food production.
Students learn to use html to create web pages.
Students learn to use information from other disciplines during assessment and in report writing.
Students learn to use information technology and make sense of the information they find.
Students learn to use informational and research tools to make effective management decisions.
Students learn to use intake forms, soap notes, business plans, and marketing plans.
Students learn to use interpersonal and technology skills.
Students learn to use laboratory instrumentation for displaying and analyzing speech signals.
Students learn to use language clearly, strategically, critically, and creatively.
Students learn to use language for real communication.
Students learn to use language related to familiar topics within a restricted range of situations.
Students learn to use longitude, latitude and map symbols.
Students learn to use manual and computerized accounting systems.
Students learn to use manual and computerized research tools in addition to computer software.
Students learn to use many skills at the same time to solve complex tasks.
Students learn to use mapping techniques, and interpret artifacts found at the lighthouse.
Students learn to use maps as tools for comprehending the world.
Students learn to use microcomputers and appropriate software.
Students learn to use microcomputers for the production of scripts and storyboards.
Students learn to use models developed through quantitative methods of problem solving.
Students learn to use modern oceanographic equipment in offshore and estuarine study settings.
Students learn to use money, counting, time and quantitative concepts.
Students learn to use multimedia applications to create projects during the school year.
Students learn to use new computer technologies.
Students learn to use non-experimental methodologies to conduct field research.
Students learn to use object-oriented techniques to develop standard, reusable software components.
Students learn to use pencil and charcoal.
Students learn to use personal protective equipment and complete hazardous materials scenarios.
Students learn to use polynomial, exponential, and trigonometric functions to solve modern problems.
Students learn to use portfolio guidelines and other reference materials.
Students learn to use power point to illustrate their learning processes.
Students learn to use primary documents.
Students learn to use primary sources in psychology.
Students learn to use queries to select and analyze information in a table.
Students learn to use ray matrix optics and conceptually relate ray optics to wave optics.
Students learn to use research strategies to write a paper.
Students learn to use research tools- critical apparatus, lexica, commentaries.
Students learn to use scientific terms precisely and to think both reductively and holistically.
Students learn to use self-assessment to measure progress.
Students learn to use sequencing, notation, and theory software.
Students learn to use several models to focus their analytical thinking.
Students learn to use simple video editing techniques to produce a collaborated video of slope.
Students learn to use software packages and operate the computer.
Students learn to use software related to their curriculum.
Students learn to use software to model and analyze processes.
Students learn to use spoken language in social, professional, and academic settings.
Students learn to use standard speech as required in social, vocational and academic life.
Students learn to use statistical packages and specialized computer programs for analyzing data.
Students learn to use statistics to address real world problems in criminal justice.
Students learn to use steam tables and charts.
Students learn to use survey and documentation to analyze historic structures.
Students learn to use technology in the computer lab.
Students learn to use technology within a framework of sound learning theory and lesson design.
Students learn to use the computer as an art medium by creating graphic images on the screen.
Students learn to use the language in a communicative, interactive environment within the classroom.
Students learn to use the necessary design principles for the plastic part process.
Students learn to use the sweing machine and add a variety of other sewing skills.
Students learn to use the symbolic languages, structures, and techniques of each discipline.
Students learn to use the tools which are most appropriate for the task they are doing.
Students learn to use the word processor as a composing tool.
Students learn to use the worlds best selling drawing package CorelDRAW, to create a design.
Students learn to use their cameras creatively, and to develop film and make prints.
Students learn to use their natural surroundings to make educated decisions.
Students learn to use tools for analysis of contemporary problems in environmental systems.
Students learn to use various techniques to build images, with the emphasis on individual style.
Students learn to use well-equipped photomechanical laboratory and darkroom.
Students learn to use what they already know to address new situations.
Students learn to use what they have learned in mathematics classes.
Students learn to use, understand and communicate a language, both in spoken and written form.
Students learn to used e-mail and are introduced to the resources of the Internet.
Students learn to utilize equipment needed for the dramatic productions at the college.
Students learn to utilize supply and demand analysis to explain market outcomes.
Students learn to value mathematics as a human endeavor used for solving real world problems.
Students learn to view curriculum development in terms of rigorous academic content.
Students learn to view problems in a broader perspective.
Students learn to visually communicate through print and digital media.
Students learn to walk in the shoes of the 'sociologist'.
Students learn to walk, stand and sit without strain, and to correct poor work habits.
Students learn to win without boasting and to lose without bitterness.
Students learn to work as a group, depending on others to provide key bits of information.
Students learn to work as a member of a dive team.
Students learn to work as a team as well as prepare individual presentations.
Students learn to work as members of a design team in competitive situations.
Students learn to work both alone and in groups.
Students learn to work cooperatively as part of a small group.
Students learn to work cooperatively with others in a food laboratory setting.
Students learn to work cooperatively with students in other schools.
Students learn to work cooperatively.
Students learn to work co-operatively.
Students learn to work creatively.
Students learn to work digitally as well as with conventional media.
Students learn to work effectively as a group in a facilitated learning environment.
Students learn to work effectively in small groups and to develop cooperative relationships.
Students learn to work hard and play hard.
Students learn to work in acrylic or oil color .
Students learn to work in any setting where nurses are needed.
Students learn to work in cooperative groups to create their own businesses.
Students learn to work in cooperative groups to solve a problem.
Students learn to work in teams and present scientific information in a variety of ways.
Students learn to work in teams and with clients.
Students learn to work in teams.
Students learn to work independently and collaboratively to analyze and solve problems.
Students learn to work independently and gain self confidence.
Students learn to work independently on a number of tasks.
Students learn to work independently, in small groups and to integrate math into their daily life.
Students learn to work on a collaborative team in achieving goals.
Students learn to work on teams with others of similar and dissimilar education and work histories.
Students learn to work online and depend on each other to complete projects.
Students learn to work scientifically, collaboratively, responsibly and safely.
Students learn to work the soundboard.
Students learn to work together and develop team-building skills.
Students learn to work together and respect each others' ideas and rights as individuals.
Students learn to work together in a band or on a yearbook staff.
Students learn to work together instead of competing for the highest grade.
Students learn to work together on problems.
Students learn to work together using mathematics, science and technology to create a working robot.
Students learn to work together, and to develop a camaraderie that enables creativity to thrive.
Students learn to work together, as well as become friends.
Students learn to work with a director, script, cast and crew.
Students learn to work with a variety of materials including re-cycled components.
Students learn to work with adults in a very personal way.
Students learn to work with all types of people.
Students learn to work with individuals, families, groups, organizations, and communities.
Students learn to work with line, form, texture, and composition.
Students learn to work with mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical, and computer devices.
Students learn to work with optical illusions and techniques to create vast space in small areas.
Students learn to work with others as a team.
Students learn to work with their hands and gain appreciation of form and the value of fine arts.
Students learn to work with various tools, processes, and media.
Students learn to work with victims, witnesses, and suspects and to detect deception.
Students learn to work with, teach, and learn from other students.
Students learn to write a formula poem, about a person.
Students learn to write a report interpreting findings from the research.
Students learn to write academic essays and research papers.
Students learn to write and deliver speeches to inform and to persuade.
Students learn to write and edit documents.
Students learn to write and evaluate research proposals and reports.
Students learn to write basic sentences, then move to paragraph formulation.
Students learn to write best when they are engaged in the material.
Students learn to write by writing a lot.
Students learn to write by writing and revising what they have written .
Students learn to write by writing as they refine and apply their growing vocabulary.
Students learn to write by writing, and they write best when they are engaged in the material.
Students learn to write by writing.
Students learn to write character sketches and begin to learn to keep literary logs.
Students learn to write detailed paragraphs as they follow though with the writing process.
Students learn to write down music they hear or create.
Students learn to write educational objectives based on assessment findings.
Students learn to write essays that demonstrate their competence as critics.
Students learn to write ethnographically about their experience.
Students learn to write for newscasts and for longer broadcast formats.
Students learn to write for personal and professional purposes and for continued education.
Students learn to write friendly and business letters.
Students learn to write grammatically correct simple sentences.
Students learn to write in different styles for a broad range of audiences.
Students learn to write in the style necessary to print and web publications.
Students learn to write letters of the alphabet and to put letters together to form words.
Students learn to write more complex business correspondence.
Students learn to write more quickly, to express themselves more clearly and concisely.
Students learn to write national style print copy using theory and contemporary trends.
Students learn to write numerous programs of difficult complexity.
Students learn to write one-paragraph summaries.
Students learn to write persuasively for a particular audience.
Students learn to write programs in a high level language that supports object oriented design.
Students learn to write programs in a high level language.
Students learn to write resumes, cover letters and to how find clients or employers.
Students learn to write simple paragraphs on familiar topics.
Students learn to write stories and poems.
Students learn to write succint narrations to accompany photographs.
Students learn to write summaries, abstracts, introductions, and literature reviews.
Students learn to write their own data acquisition software.
Students learn to write topic sentences, supporting details and closing sentences.
Students learn to write well through frequent practice.
Students learn to write well-developed paragraphs which employ specific rhetorical patterns.
Students learn to write, edit, layout, illustrate, and assemble their work into a finished product.
Students learn to write, edit, rewrite, file, save, and retrieve copy.
Students learn together as classmates and lab partners.
Students learn together so that they can subsequently perform better as individuals.
Students learn together so that they subsequently can gain greater individual competency.
Students learn tooling terminology, and concepts.
Students learn tools and techniques for design of a business system.
Students learn tools like sed, grep, sort, awk, and vi.
Students learn traditional and computer based problem-solving techniques.
Students learn traditional and experimental approaches to relief printmaking.
Students learn traditional footwork sequences leading up to jumps and spins.
Students learn traffic control equipment, procedures and regulations.
Students learn trauma theory, symptoms, and contraindications and compare several techniques.
Students learn travel modeling, forecast methods, and transportation demand management.
Students learn tricks to monitor nocturnal wildlife.
Students learn tumbling routines, vaulting, mini-trampoline and balance beam.
Students learn TV and radio writing styles and write stories on deadline.
Students learn two techniques for designing digital controllers for analog systems.
Students learn types.
Students learn under the guidance of outstanding faculty.
Students learn unique choreographies, technique and zills.
Students learn up to ten word family members per lesson.
Students learn usable job skills for immediate employment or for re- training and pay enhancement.
Students learn use of the computer for purposes of data analysis.
Students learn useful expressions for communicating with native speakers.
Students learn using a variety of learning styles and strategies.
Students learn valuable academic, technical and people skills with the donated computers.
Students learn valuable fisheries management techniques and conservation ethics.
Students learn valuable insights regarding cultural values, norms, imperatives and exclusives.
Students learn valuable skills when they judge their own writing in order to select the best.
Students learn valuable strategies for each section, and timed tests are given.
Students learn various approaches to functional decomposition and system architecture.
Students learn various creativity techniques in class.
Students learn various critical thinking techniques in class.
Students learn various hand building techniques and are introduced to working on the potters wheel.
Students learn various introductory business principles and practices used in Canadian businesses.
Students learn various painting and drawing techniques.
Students learn various research methods for addressing particular types of research questions.
Students learn various strategies for improving memory.
Students learn various strategies for learning material and what works with different topics.
Students learn various techniques for gathering, processing, analyzing, and graphing data.
Students learn various trades such as woodworking and masonry.
Students learn various types of table service, lounge organization, and upselling techniques.
Students learn very little about native people as it is.
Students learn very quickly to evaluate all possible outcomes before making a move.
Students learn via the Web in their classroom.
Students learn Victorian manners and customs while recreating a typical parlor party and school day.
Students learn videography, nonlinear digital editing, and the basics of electronic recording.
Students learn violence is preventable.
Students learn visual research skills to find sources for historical accuracy and inspiration.
Students learn vocabulary and cultural information.
Students learn vocabulary and structure, progressing from basic to advanced conversational ability.
Students learn vocabulary as it relates to citizenship and the neighborhood.
Students learn vocabulary associated with various family structures, celebrations, time, and place.
Students learn vocabulary that can be used in daily situations.
Students learn vocabulary, idioms and grammar, and also study culturally related topics.
Students learn vocabulary.
Students learn walking, trotting, and other details of horse showmanship.
Students learn wave phenomena, electricity, and the fundamental structure of matter.
Students learn ways of thinking and knowing in a range of disciplines.
Students learn ways to enhance and stimulate opportunities for democratic schooling.
Students learn ways to have fun without the use of drugs, alcohol or tobacco.
Students learn ways to make choices, solve problems and become more effective.
Students learn ways to work with families using health promotion strategies.
Students learn welding, pipefitting, carpentry, how to operate a bulldozer and more.
Students learn welding, small engine repair, and livestock production among other things.
Students learn well when they discover things on their own.
Students learn well, believe in, and are certainly accustomed to films.
Students learn what a catchment is and how different uses of the land affect water quality.
Students learn what a laser is and how it works.
Students learn what a lens and light can do.
Students learn what a range and variety of artwork can reveal about a culture.
Students learn what an owl eats by dissecting the material.
Students learn what causes day and night.
Students learn what climate is and what factors affect it.
Students learn what constitutes an engineering project, and how to work in a project team.
Students learn what each database contains and how to search strategically in the database.
Students learn what engineers and scientists do and what they are capable of accomplishing.
Students learn what forensic science is all about by solving a fictional crime with science.
Students learn what happens during photosynthesis and how animals interact with their environment.
Students learn what happens when the senses become damaged.
Students learn what hard work can accomplish and learn pride in their varied abilities and talents.
Students learn what is necessary to be successful in a graduate program and as a scholar.
Students learn what is needed to succeed in the world of work.
Students learn what is significant through the use of languages.
Students learn what it feels like to exercise judgment, make decisions, and take responsibility.
Students learn what it is like to live at sea and they learn how to operate a large vessel.
Students learn what it takes to be successful in an increasingly competitive marketplace.
Students learn what it takes to become an educated voter.
Students learn what it takes to create a successful online venture by studying real-world practices.
Students learn what it takes to save the world and keep nature in balance.
Students learn what it was like to serve and are able to ask their own questions about life in camp.
Students learn what it's like to manage a real lab.
Students learn what makes the weather what it is and how our planet is affected by it.
Students learn what potential energy and kinetic energy are and how they are related.
Students learn what role they play in defending truth, demanding justice, and ensuring democracy.
Students learn what services the office provides and role-play interviews with alumni.
Students learn what sunspots are and how they form.
Students learn what the economist does by examining specific economic studies.
Students learn what the Internet is and what resources are available through it.
Students learn what their society is and why, and also explore their own beliefs and actions.
Students learn what they are taught.
Students learn what they can do to help maintain a healthy marine environment.
Students learn what they can expect life to be like as a recruiter.
Students learn what they care about and remember what they understand.
Students learn what they hear and what they read.
Students learn what they practice.
Students learn what they want and discuss subjects freely.
Students learn what to do before, during, and after the lecture.
Students learn what to do if they are victimized by using role play.
Students learn what to do when bad touches occur.
Students learn what to expect and what to do at certain times of the day.
Students learn what various occupations are like.
Students learn when given appropriate opportunities for success.
Students learn when incoming information can be related to knowledge that is already stored.
Students learn when teachers employ a variety of methodologies.
Students learn when teachers function as mentors to students.
Students learn when teachers lead.
Students learn when they actively participate in the academic lessons and interact with others.
Students learn when they are actively and meaningfully engaged with the material.
Students learn when they are offered life-skills beyond the content of the curriculum.
Students learn when they are personally involved.
Students learn when they have an existing schema or framework to fit new knowledge into.
Students learn when to press a switch.
Students learn WHEN to use specific skills.
Students learn where animals go and what they do in the wintertime.
Students learn where our trash and waste water come from and where they go.
Students learn where to find information and how to use it effectively.
Students learn where to get drivers and receive additional service and support literature.
Students learn where to go for help, how to avoid being abused, and how to avoid abusing someone.
Students learn whether they are accepted after the file is complete.
Students learn which animals stay active, become inactive, die or leave.
Students learn which factors to consider when deciding on schools and majors.
Students learn which wines, even from the most famous wine areas, can be values in their categories.
Students learn while having fun playing games.
Students learn while having fun.
Students learn while helping others.
Students learn while immersed in the culture and geography of their subject.
Students learn while teaching.
Students learn why a particular skill or feature is useful, as well as how to use it.
Students learn why cheetahs are threatened with extinction.
Students learn why databases are important to the information age.
Students learn why lubrication is an important part of an operator's responsibility.
Students learn why new product development is so important and the risks involved in the process.
Students learn why personal contacts are the best source for jobs.
Students learn with and from each other.
Students learn with different styles, rates and at different levels.
Students learn with excitement, kindness replaces contemptuous anger.
Students learn with havrutot , preparing a particular passage to be discussed in a larger forum.
Students learn with many educational categories.
Students learn work ethic concepts and related topics in a one-hour weekly class.
Students learn workplace skills and employers hire workers with well-rounded educations.
Students learn world history from ancient to modern times through a variety of methods.
Students learn writing and scripting, team work, video production, editing and interviewing.
Students learn writing, directing, and producing.
Students learn writing, editing, reporting and production of radio news in studio and field.
Students learn yoga, massage, agriculture, horse riding, and even learn to build fences.
Students learn youth ministry through classroom instruction and actual ministry experience.
Students learn, achieve, and succeed in different ways.
Students learn, achieve, and succeed in diverse ways.
Students learn, achieve, and succeed relative to their ability and effort.
Students learn, hands on, how to use software for developing multimedia presentations of all kinds.
Students learn, over time, how to live and learn in teams, as couples, as partners and friends.
Students learn, practice and experience the benefits of massage.
Students learn, research and practice within the framework of an on-site preschool.
Students learn, the theories say, because they have good role models to imitate .
Students learn, then that zero can be a separation point.
Students learn, through group interactive projects, the role that cooperation plays in survival.
Students learnhow to discriminate between different colours.
Students learning and safety are priorities.
Students learning in and through the arts are active thinkers and problem-solvers .
Students learning science can experience the excitement of discovery and invention.
Students learning takes place at a number of places other than the classroom.
Students learning the skills to successfully pursue future educational and career opportunities.
Students learning to be doctors rotate through various emergency medical scenarios at the center.
Students learns additional French terminology, ou millen and more difficult movements.
Students learns how to disaggregate the foreign policy making process within and across countries.
Students learns what groundwater is, how it is contaminates, and how it is cleaned.
Students lease property from non-profit during bond term.
Students leasing laptop computers are free to install software on their computers.
Students leave a message on a bulletin board in the transporter to explain how they found the pole.
Students leave and go to their next class.
Students leave bookbags, coats, and hats in their lockers.
Students leave classrooms.
Students leave college for many reasons.
Students leave elementary school as better problem solvers.
Students leave feeling relaxed, refreshed, and revitalized.
Students leave feeling stronger and more confident.
Students leave for a variety of personal, financial, and academic reasons.
Students leave for class.
Students leave for college with a suitcase, a stereo and a set of ideas.
Students leave Georgetown and take on leadership roles on a global and local scale.
Students leave here feeling good about themselves.
Students leave here with an impressive portfolio of experiences with industry.
Students leave here with the digital equivalent of stock options.
Students leave inspired - empowered with new possibilities and skills.
Students leave junior high as better math readers.
Students leave orientation with a completed semester schedule of classes.
Students leave prepared to make immediate contributions to their employers.
Students leave ready to do their jobs competently and confidently.
Students leave school after their last academic class each day.
Students leave school and enter the workforce.
Students leave school thinking history is a senseless waste of time.
Students leave school with a strong sense of responsibility toward their fellow men and women.
Students leave the assembly with great ideas to improve their lives.
Students leave the classes knowing how to don the equipment and wear it correctly.
Students leave the course with a virtual portfolio that traces their progress through the course.
Students leave the early French immersion program for a number of reasons.
Students leave the event charged with inspiration.
Students leave the hard drives at the school.
Students leave the program the day after their program ending date.
Students leave the program well-prepared for jobs or graduate study.
Students leave the program with well-developed minds because they are liberally educated persons.
Students leave the university with a lifelong commitment to serving their local communities.
Students leave the workshop as friends and develop ways to enhance conference unity.
Students leave their academic teams to attend elective classes.
Students leave their language arts classes to work in the resource room.
Students leave their regular school classes for a period to attend religious lessons.
Students leave their snowmobile helmets in the main office.
Students leave their time cards and sign out in the main office.
Students leave town to go to high school.
Students leave understanding why they do what they do, and being able to do it very well.
Students leave Whitman with a solid education and invaluable experiences on campus and beyond.
Students leave with a better understanding of why certain tests are ordered.
Students leave with a clear and realistic understanding of their career options.
Students leave with a clear picture of their business and sound policies and procedures established.
Students leave with a much clearer understanding of their prospects.
Students leave with a ten-step protocol for therapeutic application.
Students leave with concrete examples of how to help keep life's web healthy and strong.
Students leave with host fammilies.
Students leaving at the end of the semester have five days after the last final exam to vacate.
Students leaving campus without permission are subject to administrative discipline.
Students leaving the talk have a lot more than pizza to chew on.
Students leaving undergraduate creative writing classes are at a disadvantage.
Students lecture for a portion of a physiology course during their second and third years.
Students let a circle for their use, but they gathered tightly around it.
Students let their creative juices flow as they created art for the mural.
Students let their voices fly and their grooves move.
Students liaise with lecturers, access activities, submit and receive work, via the Internet.
Students lie down on their backs.
Students lie in the grass on their backs for fifteen minutes.
Students lift masses using fixed and moveable pulleys.
Students lift weights and run or cycle each day to improve their levels of fitness.
Students light up when they come in.
Students lightly color in the continents.
Students like and appreciate a complete and accurate syllabus.
Students like to ask if it is possible to go into the lakes.
Students like to attend study for numerous reasons.
Students like to be a part of a college that has high standards.
Students like to be asked questions relative to their egocentric focus.
Students like to be entertained.
Students like to be independent during the middle school years.
Students like to be talking about the good old times.
Students like to be taught by teachers who enjoy teaching.
Students like to complain that the administration ignores their concerns.
Students like to debate the nature of their characters and the ways in which each affects the other.
Students like to discuss using the calculators.
Students like to do things better than their friends.
Students like to draw pictures but have difficulty interpreting primary sources, charts and graphs.
Students like to experiment, keep their options open.
Students like to generate unique and original ideas.
Students like to get a handle on a firm by talking to people there.
Students like to get better deals, and they seem happy about the price.
Students like to go out and to meet other people to exchange ideas.
Students like to go pretty light.
Students like to have a cookie attached.
Students like to have diversity in their projects.
Students like to have the final week off from class.
Students like to have the option of access in either format.
Students like to hear about the clinical side.
Students like to hear about their teacher s family, college days, hobbies, etc.
Students like to hear that their instructors have learned something.
Students like to keep our manuals as a reference after the course.
Students like to keep the green flags rolling.
Students like to know exactly what is being counted wrong.
Students like to know that the things they learn have a purpose in life.
Students like to know what they are talking about in front of their peers.
Students like to learn from one another and along with the new friends they make in class.
Students like to learn, and they are learning.
Students like to leave a presentation with something in hand.
Students like to listen.
Students like to make notes during a class.
Students like to measure their success.
Students like to meet in the cafe or the library, both on the premises.
Students like to play detective.
Students like to play games.
Students like to read.
Students like to see and work lots of problems.
Students like to see the real thing.
Students like to see their work appear on a test or quiz.
Students like to see their work displayed on the wall.
Students like to see their work displayed.
Students like to spend time outside, in the school park, where they can sit on the grass and relax.
Students like to study together.
Students like to test themselves.
Students like to touch and participate.
Students likewise receive guidance and encouragement in their own research and interests.
Students line the pennies up into two equal rows of five.
Students line the streets before the games, blue and gold on their bodies and a beer in their hands.
Students line up according to directions.
Students line up and go to the library, book lists in hand.
Students line up as they agree or disagree with a value statement.
Students line up at one end of the gym.
Students line up at the door.
Students line up at the halyards to help raise the sails.
Students line up at the starting line.
Students line up behind the chairs.
Students line up behind the die at their station.
Students line up during team introductions to greet the players as player names are announced.
Students line up for breakfasts in their classroom.
Students line up for delicious vegan food.
Students line up for lunch.
Students line up in single file .
Students line up in teams.
Students line up on one side of the gymnasium.
Students line up on the hard top at a designated area.
Students line up on the playground and then enter school with their class.
Students line up one behind the other in two teams.
Students line up to taste various international delights.
Students line up.
Students line with a Mexican family.
Students linger there with their books.
Students link concepts from science, mathematics, construction technology, economics, and art.
Students link to sites to view current phases and learn about why they occur.
Students Link Up With Computers .
Students link up with others from across the district, the state and share writing pieces.
Students link what they already know with a variety of new information sources.
Students link winter and spring seasons with a study of birds.
Students list all the items they think can be re-used.
Students list all the things that they do that involve mathematics.
Students list all they know about any plants found on the school grounds.
Students list and organize needs of people, pets, and wildlife.
Students list and their e-mail links.
Students list as many things as they can about the people who made the penny.
Students list attributes of two different items.
Students list behaviors, resources and timeline for achieving a health goal.
Students list characteristics of a legal an effective appraisal system.
Students list characteristics of healthful snacks.
Students list common injuries related to sports.
Students list decisions.
Students list different ways that living things can depend on one another.
Students list effects of smoking.
Students list flexibility as the number one selling point of the program.
Students list good qualities in domestic pets.
Students list individual strengths and experiences.
Students list information they expect to find in a recipe.
Students list observations.
Students list organisms by name.
Students list responses and share with the class.
Students list several ideas.
Students list similarities and differences among the civilizations.
Students list some values of x and fill in a table by reading the y coordinates from the graph.
Students list steps but some are missing, out of order, or unclear.
Students list synonyms to given words to demonstrate knowledge of synonyms.
Students list the characteristics of living things.
Students list the functions of bones and the skeletal system and describe how joints aid movement.
Students list the jobs in alphabetical order.
Students list the main features of the universe and give a short description for each one.
Students list the major players in the work they have read.
Students list the physical features, the living and non-living things in an ecosystem.
Students list the questions in their journal leaving enough room for answers.
Students list the students in each set and count the members of each set.
Students list the various groups to which they belong and map the class similarities and diversity.
Students list the various kinds of articles they see .
Students list their ideas, which are written on the board, or overhead.
Students list their mailing address, phone number and email address.
Students list their materials and methods of acquisition.
Students list their top three choices of positions.
Students list weather issues discussed during their forum in their electronic weather logs.
Students list what they already know about a topic.
Students list what they know about the topic.
Students listed are possible majors based upon enrollment in upper level courses.
Students listed below have something in their web page directory.
Students listed here express a strong interest in joining the professoriate.
Students listen actively and respond to communications.
Students listen and ask any questions.
Students listen and ask questions if necessary.
Students listen and ask questions.
Students listen and complete a short self-correcting quiz.
Students listen and complete the missing words.
Students listen and decide which is the main point.
Students listen and fill in any blanks they can.
Students listen and identify specific information.
Students listen and learn what the text means.
Students listen and observe more Louisiana facts in video, Gumbo Island or other resource.
Students listen and produce a mindmap for the selected ancestor.
Students listen and repond to oral communication.
Students listen and respond critically to oral communication.
Students listen and respond to oral communication.
Students listen and respond to oral communications and speak in clear and coherent sentences.
Students listen and respond to stories based on well known characters, themes, plots, and settings.
Students listen and respond to stories based on well-known characters, themes, plots, and settings.
Students listen and respond.
Students listen and watch as professors in Japan introduce themselves.
Students listen and write down all the body parts that they hear, but ignore the other words.
Students listen as Fran talks about the importance of voting and volunteerism.
Students listen as guest speakers discuss way in which kids can help the environment.
Students listen as teacher reads.
Students listen as the teacher explains.
Students listen attentively and make a mental note of the ant colony and all the jobs there.
Students listen attentively and sing along with the commercials.
Students listen attentively as they review the components of writing to a prompt.
Students listen attentively to one another.
Students listen avidly while a jazz group performs for the school.
Students listen closely and learn how news stories are picked each day.
Students listen closely to other students opinions.
Students listen critically and respond appropriately to oral communication.
Students listen for the region and colony the person lived in.
Students listen intently to learn how to test their toilet for a water leak.
Students listen only to the selection the first time.
Students listen quietly when classmates talk.
Students listen quietly when the teacher talks.
Students listen Show the class how to make up music to put to their texts.
Students listen to a conversation and indicate if events occurred in the past or the present.
Students listen to a lecture outside the lighthouse last summer.
Students listen to a passage to get general understanding of the topic or message.
Students listen to a predictable story and identify word patterns when they occur.
Students listen to a speaker.
Students listen to a story about a dog and identify what it needs to live.
Students listen to a tape and choose the appropriate response from a series of pictures.
Students listen to a tape that accompanies their textbook and indicate comprehension on a rubric.
Students listen to a teacher-created audio tape.
Students listen to a variety of children's literature daily.
Students listen to a variety of lectures, discussions, business case studies, and interviews.
Students listen to a wider range of longer, more complex procedures.
Students listen to an informative article on the past, present, and future of garbage.
Students listen to and analyze music critically, using the vocabulary and language of music .
Students listen to and analyze music, using the vocabulary and language of music.
Students listen to and discuss a story about nonstandard units of measure.
Students listen to and enjoy it.
Students listen to and observe a native speaker in a real world context.
Students listen to and repeat dialogues, vocabulary items, and grammar patterns.
Students listen to and retell recounts based on a wider range of longer procedures.
Students listen to and sing Russian sings.
Students listen to and take directions from the ones whom they regard as leader or the authority.
Students listen to authentic radio broadcasts and academic mini-lectures.
Students listen to authentic target language music and fill out a cloze paragraph of the lyrics.
Students listen to award winning stories and traditional fables and myths.
Students listen to choose the right word and revise word choices, spellings and sequence.
Students listen to descriptions of projects conducted by other classes.
Students listen to each other in class discussions.
Students listen to each other's hearts and see miracle pace makers.
Students listen to educators like they listen to their parents.
Students listen to examples of a chant and polyphony.
Students listen to fairy tale either narrated by the teacher, students or audio tape.
Students listen to guest speakers and then design and construct a racecar.
Students listen to ideas for several class projects.
Students listen to lecture.
Students listen to lectures, demonstrations, and student presentations.
Students listen to lectures, give oral presentations and participate in group projects.
Students listen to many different styles of music and write for a variety of ensembles.
Students listen to mariachi music and learn why it is part of the Hispanic celebration.
Students listen to music outside of class as an integral part of their work.
Students listen to Old and New Testament stories and memorize Bible verses.
Students listen to or read a selection.
Students listen to planned and unplanned academic discourse and read related academic texts.
Students listen to questions and statements and choose the best answer.
Students listen to questions on a tape, and their responses are recorded on a computer disk.
Students listen to recordings of compositions they intend to perform.
Students listen to sample melodies and make graphs and simple pictures of the contour and effects.
Students listen to short paragraphs read aloud and maark answers on worksheets.
Students listen to stories from survivors of the Holocaust.
Students listen to students and greatly influence each other.
Students listen to such advice.
Students listen to summarize and discuss increasingly sophisticated children's literature.
Students listen to talk on Mexican history.
Students listen to tape-recorded conversations and lectures.
Students listen to tapes and watch video clips in Spanish on a regular basis.
Students listen to tapes of old and new commercials and evaluate changing advertising techniques.
Students listen to the club president speak during one of the club's monthly meetings.
Students listen to the complete version of the song first.
Students listen to the instructor and ask questions or enter into discussion using the microphones.
Students listen to the proposed plan.
Students listen to the sentences very carefully.
Students listen to the songs and create original artwork inspired by the music and lyrics.
Students listen to the sound example.
Students listen to the sounds each object makes and guess what it is.
Students listen to the story which includes today's new grammar point.
Students listen to the teacher and recite answers when didactic teaching is occurring.
Students listen to the video of Mexico.
Students listen to the views and opinions of all group members.
Students listen to the words and choose which vowel sound they hear.
Students listen to their peers, as well as share their ideas with the class as a whole.
Students listen to, analyze, and describe music .
Students listen to, analyze, evaluate, and describe music.
Students listen to, respond to, analyze, evaluate and describe music.
Students listen to, respond to, analyze, evaluate, and describe music.
Students listen to, take notes from and ask questions about classmates' oral reports.
Students listen to, view and respond to many different texts.
Students listen two to three times, and most often read back with much greater fluency.
Students listen up as media and PR pros tell their stories.
Students listen with varying degrees of attentiveness.
Students listen, follow along with the handout and respond to any questions.
Students listen, interact and compose presentational narrative reports of educational interests.
Students listen, read, speak, write, use language, and enjoy literature at all levels and grades.
Students literally climb over each other to get to their seats.
Students literally get their hands wet.
Students literally have a world of information at their fingertips.
Students literally have access to the whole world through the Internet.
Students live a day in the life of a Brother.
Students live and attend classes in a residence hall complex.
Students live and dine with Russian families.
Students live and eat with the hosts.
Students live and meet in the communities, speaking primarily the designated language for each wing.
Students live and study in a safe, drug- free environment with committed, caring faculty and staff.
Students live and study in a setting that fosters personal growth.
Students live and study in an academic setting for one week while attending the high school program.
Students live and study in the Hollywood area for either the fall or spring semester.
Students live and study with other university students.
Students live and take two daily meals with a French family.
Students live and work in the school's seventeeth-century buildings.
Students live and work together in a learning community throughout the program.
Students live as a member of a local family and interact in the local language.
Students live as Austrian students live.
Students live at home all throughout school, up until college.
Students live at home and attend school during the day.
Students live at home or in group homes.
Students live at the camp.
Students live at the center and interact with faculty as a learning community.
Students live at the school within probation facilities.
Students live at their college of affiliation or commute.
Students live at their college of affiliation.
Students live communally on lab grounds while they take classes.
Students live either in dormitories or shared apartments.
Students live either in dormitories or with Russian families.
Students live either on campus in a dorm or with a homestay family.
Students live either on campus or in apartments in town.
Students live here.
Students live in a biological station located next to the forest.
Students live in a colorful world of multimedia.
Students live in a dorm with houseparents and dorm aides on duty around the clock.
Students live in a dormitory for international students.
Students live in a dormitory on the college campus and eat in the hospital cafeteria.
Students live in a dormitory or with a French family.
Students live in a dormitory-type environment where they also attend a number of seminars.
Students live in a double room with an English or other non-American student.
Students live in a homestay or in a residencia.
Students live in a homestay.
Students live in a large old house in a typically diverse D.C. neighborhood.
Students live in a new student residence close to the university.
Students live in a rapidly changing society in a rapidly changing world.
Students live in a residence hall and take meals in the student cafeteria.
Students live in a residence hall on campus.
Students live in a residence where they have cooking and other facilities.
Students live in a suite arrangement, with residents of adjacent rooms sharing a bath.
Students live in a two-bedroom condo housing four to five students per condo.
Students live in a variety of accommodations including a family-run guesthouse and hostels.
Students live in a variety of accommodations including homestays while in Quito.
Students live in a variety of accommodations, including field stations and homestays.
Students live in a variety of accommodations, including hostels and homestays.
Students live in a variety of locations within the county.
Students live in a youth hostel near the college.
Students live in air-conditioned furnished studios.
Students live in an apartment-style dormitory near campus.
Students live in an Argentina household in single rooms.
Students live in an Argentine household where they take two meals daily.
Students live in an environment of religious and ethnic conflict.
Students live in an international dormitory with other students from all over the world.
Students live in an international student setting in downtown Paris.
Students live in apartments and enjoy supplemental excursions as part of the program.
Students live in apartments at a local community site.
Students live in apartments close to the university.
Students live in apartments conveniently located only a short distance from campus.
Students live in apartments in residential neighborhoods.
Students live in apartments in various parts of the city, immersed in the culture and everyday life.
Students live in apartments or hotel units with basic cooking facilities.
Students live in apartments prearranged by the program staff.
Students live in apartments with other internationals.
Students live in apartments with other students in all locations.
Students live in apartments, boarding houses, university dormitories, or with families.
Students live in apartments.
Students live in apartment-style housing complexes close to campus.
Students live in apartment-style housing.
Students live in Argentine private homes or in student residencias .
Students live in beautiful new dormitories.
Students live in both double and single rooms.
Students live in campus apartments rather than typical dormitories.
Students live in campus housing and participate in recreational and social activities.
Students live in campus residence halls and are provided with meals.
Students live in campus residence halls.
Students live in campus residences together with English students.
Students live in campus residences, and thus experience English student life firsthand.
Students live in campus rooms with people of various nations, cultures and denominations.
Students live in college dormitories with Chinese roommates.
Students live in college-arranged housing and a meal plan is required.
Students live in college-arranged housing.
Students live in comfortable double rooms with common spaces and fully equipped kitchens.
Students live in comfortable shared accommodation.
Students live in conveniently located prearranged apartments.
Students live in cottage-type dormitories that can house nineteen students each.
Students live in culture different from their own.
Students live in different areas of a school district.
Students live in different neighborhoods throughout the city.
Students live in Dominican private homes.
Students live in dormitories and study with students and faculty from around the world.
Students live in dormitories on the campus, usually with Chinese roommates.
Students live in dormitories or attend as day students.
Students live in dormitories or with host families while they study in an international environment.
Students live in dormitories that provide views of the mountains surrounding the campus.
Students live in dormitories with Chinese roommates.
Students live in dormitories with resident British and international students.
Students live in dormitories, in most cases with an Austrian roommate.
Students live in dormitories.
Students live in dormitory housing.
Students live in dorms on the island, and there is a wide variety of classes available.
Students live in dorms.
Students live in dorm-style apartments with shared kitchen facilities.
Students live in double occupancy rooms that have a suite-style floor plan.
Students live in double occupancy rooms.
Students live in double rooms equipped with beds, desks, and a dresser or wardrobe.
Students live in double rooms with private bath and kitchenette.
Students live in double-occupancy rooms and share community bathrooms.
Students live in double-occupancy rooms in one of the college's foreign student dormitories.
Students live in double-occupancy rooms in the school's lodging facilities.
Students live in doubles and triples.
Students live in either a residential home or with a host family.
Students live in either traditional style residence halls or apartments.
Students live in families representing a wide range of social-economic groups.
Students live in far less luxury today.
Students live in flats in central London arranged by the program.
Students live in flats which accommodate between three and seven people.
Students live in flat-style housing.
Students live in foreign student dorm and have day visits to host families on weekends.
Students live in foreign student guest houses.
Students live in fully furnished apartments provided by the program.
Students live in fully furnished studio suites.
Students live in furnished apartments with kitchens.
Students live in furnished rooms, with one or two Hungarian roommates, and cook their own meals.
Students live in gender-separate quarters exclusive from other campus groups.
Students live in Georgian townhouses near the city center.
Students live in German homes or in student quarters.
Students live in groups of eight or nine and together they cook, clean, study, and have devotions.
Students live in groups of four, eight or sixteen persons per room.
Students live in halls of residence, with families or in apartments.
Students live in home stays with Ecuadorian families.
Students live in home stays, with Russian families, and have meals with their host families.
Students live in homes with Mexican families.
Students live in homes with Russian families, who provide breakfast and dinner.
Students live in homestays selected by the resident director.
Students live in homestays with Ecuadorian families.
Students live in homestays with local families or in program housing during the academic year.
Students live in homestays.
Students live in host family homes.
Students live in housing nestled against a hillside only a few hundred feet away.
Students live in individual rooms with shower and cooking facilities on each floor.
Students live in isolated rural communities.
Students live in Japanese homes.
Students live in middle to upper-class Mexican homes.
Students live in modern hostels with all modern conveniences.
Students live in modern residences.
Students live in nearby homestays.
Students live in nearby residence halls or shared apartments with New Zealand students.
Students live in off-campus public housing provided by the university.
Students live in on-campus apartments.
Students live in on-campus dormitories for foreign students.
Students live in on-campus dormitories with Taiwanese roommates.
Students live in on-campus dormitories.
Students live in on-campus housing, and classrooms are equipped with the most current technologies.
Students live in on-campus housing.
Students live in on-campus residence halls.
Students live in one of the student dorms on or near campus.
Students live in pairs in private homes for the duration of the session.
Students live in Paris or the near suburbs.
Students live in places that range from small villages to ruined castles.
Students live in poverty.
Students live in private homes and experience the native culture with local families.
Students live in private homes with French families , carefully screened on an ongoing basis.
Students live in private homes.
Students live in private Italian homes or share an apartment with other program students.
Students live in private Japanese homes.
Students live in private rooms in beautiful dorms.
Students live in private Spanish homes.
Students live in residence halls and dine in the student dining hall.
Students live in residence halls during the school year.
Students live in residence halls on the campus and eat in the college's dining hall.
Students live in residence halls or student apertments alongside German students.
Students live in residence halls or student houses.
Students live in residence halls with Israeli or international roommates.
Students live in residence halls with other international students.
Students live in residence halls.
Students live in Russian homes, receiving three meals a day.
Students live in rustic on-site housing.
Students live in rustic, but modern, cabins or the lodge.
Students live in shared, simply furnished apartments.
Students live in simply furnished apartments with four to six other students.
Students live in single or twin study bedrooms in modern halls of residence on the spacious campus.
Students live in single rooms in units of two or three bedrooms.
Students live in single rooms in university dormitories.
Students live in single rooms on the Sheffield campus.
Students live in single rooms, double rooms, or suites.
Students live in single rooms, with linen provided, and shared bathrooms.
Students live in single, double, or triple rooms in residence halls that are co-ed by floor.
Students live in single, double, triple, and quad rooms.
Students live in single, double, triple, or quad rooms.
Students live in small family-style dormitories, usually with one roommate.
Students live in small, chalet-style dormitories on the mountain.
Students live in spacious townhouses or apartments.
Students live in Spanish households.
Students live in Spanish-speaking homes with all meals taken at the place of residence.
Students live in student dormitories with Dutch roommates.
Students live in student residences on campus.
Students live in supervised, gender-separate residence hall quarters apart from other campus groups.
Students live in supervised, gender-separate residence halls.
Students live in tents at the edge of the world's second-largest barrier reef.
Students live in the colleges, but they are much more than halls of residence.
Students live in the communities where their studies are pursued.
Students live in the dorm during the six weeks.
Students live in the dormitories with Swazi roommates.
Students live in the home economics residence for four weeks.
Students live in the home of a Mexican family.
Students live in the home of a Russian family.
Students live in the home of a Venezuelan family.
Students live in the home with a Mexican family.
Students live in the home with a Venezuelan family.
Students live in the residence halls on campus and eat in the campus cafeteria.
Students live in the right side here.
Students live in the student halls.
Students live in two-four bed fully furnished rooms in the uper level of the monastery.
Students live in two-room suites that share one private bathroom.
Students live in university accommodations and participate fully in the life of the British campus.
Students live in university apartments with Israeli students.
Students live in university dormitories with Chinese and American roommates.
Students live in university dormitories with Chinese roommates.
Students live in university dormitories with other Czech students.
Students live in University dormitories, typically with Zimbabwean room mates.
Students live in university housing.
Students live in university owned apartments and are guaranteed to have at least one Irish roommate.
Students live in university residence halls of flats.
Students live in university residence halls with counselors.
Students live in university residence halls.
Students live in university residences or with Venezuelan families.
Students live in university-arranged housing, convenient to public transportation.
Students live in well-supervised campus residence halls.
Students live local host families.
Students live off campus because there is no on-campus housing.
Students live off campus in nearby apartments or with local families.
Students live off-campus.
Students live on apartments, Boarding houses, university dormitories, or with families .
Students live on board the vessel for the duration of the course.
Students live on campus and are encouraged to participate in planned social activities.
Students live on campus and get a preview of college life.
Students live on campus and take courses with British students.
Students live on campus as they participate in the extremely focused and intensive course.
Students live on campus between high school graduation and beginning college in the fall.
Students live on campus during summer component.
Students live on campus during the first year in either full board or self-catering dorms.
Students live on campus for four weeks and experience a taste of college life.
Students live on campus for the duration of the program.
Students live on campus in five residence halls and one building divided into residential suites.
Students live on campus in residence halls.
Students live on campus or conveniently close by in private rented accommodation.
Students live on campus through their junior year.
Students live on campus, in one of five residence halls, sharing a room with a Ghanaian student.
Students live on campus, men and women in separate dorms.
Students live on campus, usually in single rooms.
Students live on campus.
Students live on college campuses during the one-week courses.
Students live on site in a base camp before moving on to smaller mobile units.
Students live on the campus in the foreign student dormitory.
Students live on-campus, and they participate in social, recreational, and cultural activities.
Students live on-site.
Students live outdoors, sleeping in their own tents on farm premises for the entire six months.
Students live the language by learning it where it's spoken.
Students live through the characters on stage, and learn.
Students live throughout the county.
Students live to study German .
Students live together in a campus residence hall supervised by university staff.
Students live together in a dormitory with meals provided.
Students live together in a relaxed, but well supervised camp atmosphere.
Students live together in clusters for better studying.
Students live together in dormitories and participate in many activities together.
Students live together in group housing.
Students live together in suites and share a common kitchen, bathroom and bedroom.
Students live together in their own little worlds.
Students live under the supervision of competent instructors during a four week training period.
Students live up to expectations.
Students live with a Canadian homestay family.
Students live with a Canadian host family and attend daily English language classes at the campus.
Students live with a carefully selected family and attend a local high school.
Students live with a Guatemala family.
Students live with a host family during the exchange and visit local schools, if in session.
Students live with a host family during the first academic year.
Students live with a host family during the first seven weeks.
Students live with a host family while studying language and culture.
Students live with a Japanese family or in dorms with other internationals.
Students live with a Mexican family while studying at one of six campuses located throughout Mexico.
Students live with a mix of both British and other foreign students.
Students live with a native family while attending classes.
Students live with a Spanish family.
Students live with African students or families and eat in the college dining room.
Students live with an American host family and take part in daily American life.
Students live with an Argentine family selected by the program staff.
Students live with an Austrian family selected by the on-site director.
Students live with an Indian family.
Students live with and receive three meals a day from a Mexican family.
Students live with and take meals with Mexican families.
Students live with approved families for periods of one school semester or one school year.
Students live with Austrian families.
Students live with British families and commute by local transportation to classes.
Students live with British families and commute by subway to classes.
Students live with British families in residential neighborhoods of Greater London.
Students live with British families.
Students live with British students in residence halls.
Students live with British students.
Students live with carefully selected French families.
Students live with Chinese families during the nine-week stay.
Students live with Chinese roommates.
Students live with Costa Rican families and have both travel and service opportunities.
Students live with Costa Rican families.
Students live with culturally different families.
Students live with Czech families.
Students live with Dominican families within walking distance from the campus.
Students live with Ecuadorean families.
Students live with Ecuadorian families while in Quito.
Students live with Ecuadorian families.
Students live with families and have the opportunity to travel throughout Spain.
Students live with families and in dormitories.
Students live with families and participate in a community service project.
Students live with families and travel to major sites in the island.
Students live with families in Avignon.
Students live with families in both Catholic and Protestant parts of the city.
Students live with families in Harare.
Students live with families, and group excursions are planned throughout the semester.
Students live with families, attend classes and become functioning members of the host community.
Students live with families, do field work and learn in an integrated fashion.
Students live with families.
Students live with French families and complete a study a contemporary French life and culture.
Students live with French families around Paris.
Students live with French families in Dijon which are selected with care by the resident director.
Students live with French families or in independent housing.
Students live with French families.
Students live with German families and are integrated into everyday family life.
Students live with German families.
Students live with guest families throughout their stay.
Students live with homestay families at all three locations.
Students live with homestay families.
Students live with host families .
Students live with host families and atend thier partner school.
Students live with host families and complete a community service project with local people.
Students live with host families and enjoy full immersion in the local culture.
Students live with host families and in fact become one of the family for the period of their stay.
Students live with host families and participate fully in their lives.
Students live with host families and receive daily language instruction.
Students live with host families and take intensive classes in Spanish language and culture.
Students live with host families and travel with core faculty.
Students live with host families during their stay.
Students live with host families for the duration of the program.
Students live with host families in Madrid.
Students live with host families located in the vibrant town of Oaxaca.
Students live with host families near the university.
Students live with host families or in university residences.
Students live with host families or, with special permission, in dormitories with Russian students.
Students live with host families that are very welcoming to American students.
Students live with host families throughout the city.
Students live with host families, immersed in local language worlds.
Students live with host families.
Students live with Irish families.
Students live with Italian families to enhance the cultural experience.
Students live with Japanese families throughout the Tokyo area.
Students live with Japanese families.
Students live with Japanese host families in the Tokyo area.
Students live with local families after they attend an orientation program.
Students live with local families and are required to enroll in at least one Spanish course.
Students live with local families and participate in the life of a delightful city.
Students live with local families and participate in their daily lives.
Students live with local families for the duration of the program.
Students live with local families or in residence halls.
Students live with local families or university students.
Students live with local families, experiencing Mayan culture and way of life.
Students live with local families.
Students live with local host families.
Students live with many pressures.
Students live with Mexican families and study language in Oaxaca.
Students live with Mexican families during their stay in Mexico.
Students live with Mexican families during their stay in Oaxaca .
Students live with Mexican families for the entirety of the term.
Students live with Mexican families in Puebla in accommodations which are comfortable and clean.
Students live with Mexican families with two students to a family and share in their daily routine.
Students live with mexican families.
Students live with Mexican families.
Students live with middle-class Mexican families during their stay.
Students live with other program participants in a biological station .
Students live with other students of the same age, but with a different native language.
Students live with Palestinian families in the Bethlehem area, five miles south of Jerusalem.
Students live with pre-selected host families who have experience in accommodating foreign students.
Students live with Russian families.
Students live with Senegalese families.
Students live with Spanish families for the entirety of the term.
Students live with Spanish families.
Students live with Spanish host families.
Students live with Spanish-speaking families for the entire term.
Students live with Spanish-speaking families.
Students live with Tanzanian roommates.
Students live with their families in abandoned school buses and, in one case, an old horse trailer.
Students live with three to five other roommates from all across the world.
Students live with Venezuelan families.
Students live, and sometimes share meals with, a French family.
Students live, dine and study together.
Students live, dine, and study together at one of the oldest colleges in Cambridge.
Students live, eat, and sleep for one day without all of the privileges that people enjoy today.
Students live, learn and work in the LA area near major studios.
Students live, work and study in a world city.
Students live, work, study, cook, and travel together - for three months.
Students living at Pine Lake are responsible for their own meals, cleaning and transportation.
Students living here are on a special meal plan, taking all meals except lunch at the house.
Students living here have a strong commitment to a quiet academic environment.
Students living here have a variety of choices.
Students living here thrive on the great outdoors.
Students living in a homestay receive two meals daily during the week and all meals on weekends.
Students living in apartments are responsible for their own meals.
Students living in certain residences can connect their own computers to a local network.
Students living in Cottages have the option of cooking for themselves.
Students living in dormitories or residence halls are at increased risk.
Students living in flats receive a weekly food allowance.
Students living in homestays take meals with the host family.
Students living in newer on-campus housing can access the network directly from their rooms.
Students living in on-campus housing are at increased risk.
Students living in our residence halls now have direct network connections.
Students living in poverty never know if they're going to make it through another month.
Students living in private homes eat breakfasts and evening meals there.
Students living in private residences along affected streets are eligible for permits.
Students living in residence halls are more likely to finish degrees.
Students living in residence halls can also contact the residence hall staff to obtain an engraver.
Students living in residence halls have direct access to the campus computer.
Students living in residence halls have several meal plans available.
Students living in residence halls provide their own telephone sets.
Students living in resident halls can vote in Albee.
Students living in residential halls receive meals at no cost.
Students living in Silver Lake attend Silver Lake Elementary School.
Students living in the apartments are exempt from the meal plan.
Students living in the apartments are responsible for their own housekeeping and cooking.
Students living in the dorms can set up recycling programs in their halls.
Students living in the dorms have mixed emotions about their study lounges being used as dorm rooms.
Students living in the halls are among some of the most diverse students across campus.
Students living in the home or assigned attendance area are our first consideration.
Students living in the residence hall take their meals on a contract basis.
Students living in the residence halls can move off campus any time during the semester.
Students living in the residence halls get a copy mailed to their campus address.
Students living in the residence halls have access to common kitchens.
Students living in the residence halls have the right to exist in a smoke-free environment.
Students living in the residence halls use their I.D. cards to access their building.
Students living in the suite share a common lounge area and a bathroom.
Students living in the townhouse style residences live in groups of six to eight.
Students living in university housing are usually undergraduates, and most are single.
Students living in West zone attend North Ft.
Students living locally attend one or more hours a week.
Students living off campus are also no longer able to water their lawns as often.
Students living off campus are responsible for their own eating arrangements.
Students living off campus are welcome to bring lunches to eat in the dining hall.
Students living off campus can also purchase a meal plan.
Students living off campus can dial into the campus network with modems.
Students living off campus drive across town only to find there are no parking spots open.
Students living off campus face a similar dilemma.
Students living off campus have access to the public computing labs.
Students living off campus have no increased risk.
Students living off campus receive incidental fees and partial payment for books.
Students living off post frequently organize car pools for economy of transportation.
Students living off-campus can access the university's computer network through modems.
Students living off-campus can sign up for additional hours at their own expense.
Students living off-campus have remote access to campus computing services.
Students living off-campus have remote access to university network for free.
Students living off-campus usually purchase a modem supported by the university.
Students living on campus also face temporary housing as a potential living situation.
Students living on campus also have access to a card swipe in their residence hall.
Students living on campus and commuters are welcome to participate in all activities.
Students living on campus are eligible to purchase a resident permit or a discount permit only.
Students living on campus are generally more involved in campus activities.
Students living on campus can come here and open voice mail accounts.
Students living on campus have good access to the materials during off hours.
Students living on campus have their mail delivered to postal boxes at the post office.
Students living on campus now have a choice of many different meal plans.
Students living outside of New York State and international students pay a higher tuition rate.
Students living outside of Rutherford County have first priority to rent tapes.
Students living throughout Europe and the former Soviet Union are eligible to apply.
Students living too far away for a daily commute go home on weekends.
Students living with families have their own room and study desk.
Students living with families make their payment directly to the family.
Students living with Japanese families receive breakfast and dinner daily, seven days a week.
Students living with their parents also are eligible to live off-campus.
Students living within the Consortium boundaries have a choice of the three schools listed.
Students load the baler with paper.
Students load their gear in the bus bays.
Students load up a van with help from an American student.
Students lobby for a stronger voice in student policies and regulations.
Students locate a hidden space ship by firing phasers into a grid.
Students locate a web based research article and report on the statistics used in the article.
Students locate active volcanoes on a world map.
Students locate and chart the characteristics of watersheds.
Students locate and group several pictures of living things into two categories of their choice.
Students locate and interpret data on divorce trends in Canada.
Students locate and label cities in the assigned counties then print a layout of their county.
Students locate and label the areas identified on the large map.
Students locate and record the information.
Students locate data, translate data to maps, and compare and contrast the results.
Students locate different types of nerve receptors in their skin.
Students locate examples of species' diversity in their community.
Students locate faraway towns and foreign countries on globes and printed maps.
Students locate fictitious genes on a chromosome, using crossover frequencies.
Students locate images related to animals' needs to support their information.
Students locate individual states on a U.S. map.
Students locate information about an element and convey the information in a poster.
Students locate information topic in library books using the index and table of contents.
Students locate information within texts.
Students locate Louisiana on printed map, identify compass points, identify neighboring states.
Students locate partners on a map or globe.
Students locate places in the world.
Students locate points on a number line.
Students locate sites using latitude and longitude coordinates.
Students locate the California tribal region and the Chumash tribe on a USA and California map.
Students locate the names of the elected officials for that relative's state.
Students locate the weather and climate for their relative's area.
Students locate their animals' home ranges on maps.
Students locate their own housing with the help of program staff.
Students locate their own housing, with the assistance of the program staff.
Students locate top trading countries on the world map.
Students locate two cyber sources of information on their topic.
Students locate Web sites related to animal rights.
Students locate, understand and interpret information for their speeches.
Students locate, understand and interpret plays.
Students locate, understand, and interpret information for their performances.
Students lock their perineal and abdominal muscles in each posture to create upward moving energy.
Students log and submit weather data at least twice a week.
Students log entry identifies a procedural goal for completing their projects.
Students log entry reflects what they learned in class today.
Students log even more lab time spring semester, designing and conducting research projects.
Students log in and generally communicate through typed text.
Students log in and launch directly from the server.
Students log in and log out in one hour intervals of their choice.
Students log in on particular days at particular times and interact with classmates and instructors.
Students log in to get the main menu, then a submenu for their chosen topic.
Students log in to print their homework, then logoff.
Students log in to take a class, anytime and from any place with Internet access.
Students log in to take a class, anytime and from anyplace with a connection to the Internet.
Students log in to the free site to find their lessons, play a virtual piano and compose.
Students log in to the site and are greeted by a calendar.
Students log in to view clues from other schools about their locations.
Students log in using a session name selected by their instructor.
Students log in with their own passwords to work on the assignments.
Students log into a chat room using an anonymous nick name and engage in real time discussions.
Students log into a special Web site using an assigned username and password.
Students log into a web page and have access to all sorts of forums for public participation.
Students log into the provider's servers and purchase the textbooks.
Students log into timetabled lessons using computers and modems with a voice phone facility.
Students log on and gain access to all the modules for which they have registered.
Students log on and read the assignment in a read-only top window.
Students log on and read the discussion question.
Students log on and their training is automatically tracked.
Students log on the system, work on activities and take tests online.
Students log on to the server and go to work on their modules.
Students log on to the site to take tests that have been assigned by their teacher.
Students log on to the site via the Internet.
Students log on using personal passwords.
Students log on when they choose.
Students log on when they have the time and energy.
Students log on, edit, print, and team with classmates to proofread and obtain feedback.
Students log onto computer conferencing system on their own time.
Students log onto the Internet.
Students log onto the network and are active participants in each class.
Students log over half a million accesses per day.
Students logging on can inspect photos of instructors and read short biographies.
Students logically advance from concept to concept, developing their analytical skills.
Students logon to print their homework and logoff.
Students logon using their usernames and passwords.
Students look at a line filament covered with half red and half blue filters.
Students look at and develop plans for helping endangered shark species.
Students look at and evaluate their own and their peers pages.
Students look at books and pictures of rain forest species.
Students look at characteristics and challenges of the deseert from different perspectives.
Students look at characteristics and challenges of the desert from different perspectives.
Students look at current forms of prejudice, ie.
Students look at different aspects of the finds, from language to artifacts, bones to environment.
Students look at each light source through a viewer and compare the rainbow spectra patterns formed.
Students look at each other.
Students look at each with puzzled looks on their faces.
Students look at effects.
Students look at examples all the forms of electromagnetic radiation.
Students look at examples in paintings to notice how objects appear to overlap each other.
Students look at extinct and endangered plants and animals with special emphasis on African animals.
Students look at historical perspectives and study current trends.
Students look at how matter changes from one state to another.
Students look at how the park is designed and the ways it is used by the public.
Students look at images.
Students look at information cooperatively and apply critical thinking skills.
Students look at items and tell whether more, less, or the same.
Students look at lawmaking at both the national and local levels.
Students look at methods of changing the behavior of children with problems.
Students look at picture books, recognizing and correctly naming animals.
Students look at pictures.
Students look at several major issues facing residents of Chicago.
Students look at sketches before beginning to create the model of their own walkway.
Students look at some song lyrics by their artist.
Students look at teacher for instructions.
Students look at teacher, hold up one hand, and put finger to lips to signal others.
Students look at the contested role of political leaderships, bureaucrats and interest groups.
Students look at the current role of the environment in the Czech Republic.
Students look at the data samples and discuss what they see.
Students look at the determinations that have been made and consider their present effect.
Students look at the finished product and realize just how much they have accomplished.
Students look at the formation of a compound by reacting a metal and a nonmetal.
Students look at the governing of Antarctica.
Students look at the pH data and compare it to the changes that have taken place in the samples.
Students look at the pictures and decide which pictures show which type of pollution.
Students look at the pictures and listen to the audio-cassette.
Students look at the results of their work by viewing some reference images.
Students look at the rhetorical strategies used by authors of such works.
Students look at the symbols as they repeat the pattern.
Students look at the text, and the class talks on the computer about it.
Students look at the words as they are acting out and saying the pattern.
Students look at theater as academics as well as performance.
Students look at their environments from several points of view.
Students look at their work, their lives, and their cultures.
Students look at travel brochures and observe text features, author's purpose, and design.
Students look at what it means for figures or shapes to be mathematically similar.
Students look at what the tradition says about emerging into responsible manhood.
Students look closely at the development of a flower as it changes from flower to fruit.
Students look for a pattern to develop algorithms for subtracting integers.
Students look for a way they can help a friend or family member.
Students look for absolute answers.
Students look for an authoritative voice in study packs.
Students look for and collect insects to identify in class.
Students look for circular shapes in nature and create abstract designs using circles.
Students look for correlation between the two maps.
Students look for evidence of worm castings - lumpy soil pellets next to worm tunnels.
Students look for evidence on their school grounds of plants and animals helping to form soil.
Students look for examples of right angles in the classroom.
Students look for facts, amusing anecdotes, quotations, etc., about their person.
Students look for hidden addition and subtraction facts.
Students look for information in books, in magazines, on the Internet.
Students look for instructor comments.
Students look for internships to learn more about a chosen field.
Students look for jobs in their areas of interest and apply directly to the employer.
Students look for labels.
Students look for low cost and reliability.
Students look for mathematical patterns.
Students look for new recruits for various clubs.
Students look for patterns among the data they plotted.
Students look for patterns and find rules for subtracting positive and negative integers.
Students look for patterns and potential relationships among natural phenomena or data.
Students look for patterns and use inductive reasoning to make conjectures.
Students look for patterns in the graphs and try to predict what comes next.
Students look for patterns in their data to find the period of their assigned moon.
Students look for patterns.
Students look for people to chat with in various languages.
Students look for signs of a teacher's bias one way or the other.
Students look for similarities and differences between the two graphs.
Students look for the fat manila folder with varying degrees of expectation.
Students look for their grades, but they learn more from faculty comments.
Students look for vibrations in objects that make sounds.
Students look forward to chapel services for spiritual strength and blessing.
Students look forward to coming to school.
Students look forward to developing and presenting a culminating dramatic production.
Students look forward to getting letters from home every day.
Students look forward to receiving letters from home.
Students look forward to the change of pace a guest speaker brings.
Students look forward to the imaginary adventures they encounter as they read their books.
Students look forward to the water testing days.
Students look in various field guides to try to identify the rocks, leaves, birds, and insects.
Students look into the faces of actual pioneers.
Students look most frequently at their source documents and the keyboard when typing.
Students look now for the summer.
Students look on as the fire begins to die down as it reaches the woods.
Students look on.
Students look out for each other.
Students look out for one another.
Students look over their papers, thinking of the stories behind each of the things they've written.
Students look through magazines, newspaper, and catalogs for picture of different kinds of houses.
Students look through the postings and then contact the employers.
Students look through web sites, check their e-mail, or do their homework there.
Students look to alumni to see where they can take their degree.
Students look to drugs, sex, bizarre behaviors, and rebellion toward parents.
Students look to faculty as role models.
Students look to see if the performed pattern is on their paper.
Students look to the mentor for guidance in selecting an appropriate project.
Students look to their teachers as potential role models.
Students look to their teachers for guidance in their academic endeavors.
Students look to understand how their mind works, a sort of spiritual psychology.
Students look up biographies and answer questions, then move to the next level.
Students look up discoveries and scientific principles in each time period.
Students look up the meaning of the word.
Students look up to their teachers and take to heart whatever they say, whether it be good or bad.
Students look very different from Canadian students.
Students look work .
Students look, listen, and touch.
Students look, think, and raise their hand when they have an answer.
Students looking at colleges can use any number of criteria.
Students Looking at students, numbers vary equally widely.
Students looking for a job find it hard to get one in the three days before classes start.
Students looking for a quieter place to work can explore new areas.
Students looking for community service hours are also welcome.
Students looking for courses rely on their local schools.
Students looking for ideas for science fair projects can ask for help.
Students looking for information regarding their courses, follow the links below.
Students looking for inspiration can find it merely by looking around the school.
Students looking for science project information, please click here.
Students looking to the Web site to do their homework can forget it.
Students lose again.
Students lose confidence in their answers .
Students lose eligibility at the point they exceed the maximum hours during the award year.
Students lose general access after graduation.
Students lose initiative and confidence to take the next step needed to learn more information.
Students lose interest in academics, and the classroom routine can become dull.
Students lose more points due to obscure or non-existent dating than for any other single reason.
Students lose most of their point through procrastination.
Students lose one point for each absence and for three latenesses.
Students lose one point for each three days absent.
Students lose out here unfortunately.
Students lose the benefit of lectures and of class interactions when they are absent.
Students lose their initial interest and attention levels continue to drop as a lecture proceeds.
Students lose their initial interest.
Students lose two points for each absence after two absences.
Students losing financial aid eligibility always have the right to the appeal process.
Students lounge on the grass.
Students love activities.
Students love and appreciate time spent online.
Students love being able to work at their own place and pace.
Students love books where language and storyline are predictable.
Students love competing for high score.
Students love facts.
Students love field trips to our Exhibit Galleries because they know they're going to have fun.
Students love games.
Students love games.
Students love getting results immediately.
Students love growing plants.
Students love having choices and are motivated to do more than the required activities.
Students love having work displayed publicly for parents and friends to view.
Students love idioms.
Students love institutional details and trivia.
Students love it - especially since it involves computers.
Students love it . . .
Students love it and find it easy to understand.
Students love it as a visual aid and classroom illustration tool.
Students love it because they get out of school.
Students love it because they get their faces marked up.
Students love it even if they have seen it before.
Students love it when their work is taken seriously.
Students love it, regardless of age.
Students love it.
Students love knowing the backbone structure behind the class.
Students love life.
Students love living here and always seem to come back for more.
Students love online quizzes.
Students love our books because they are so easy to understand.
Students love our faculty members because they're friendly, helpful, and available.
Students love our workshops because they're fun.
Students love out innovative look at water's role on Earth.
Students love performing for patients in hospitals, nursing homes and other facilities.
Students love physical education at our school.
Students love sharing ideas and creating their own materials.
Students love sharing their Mexican family celebrations and feeling members of the household.
Students love sharing their writing and view it as a reward for their hard work.
Students love showing off their work and the Internet makes it possible to show it to the world.
Students love spending time building models of neato machines, especially ones that fly.
Students love studying worms.
Students love tangible projects with tightly spelled out objectives and very measurable criteria.
Students love technology and music online.
Students love technology.
Students love the challenge.
Students love the convenient locations and independence that comes from living in a house.
Students love the courses.
Students love the extra attention and instruction from someone who has been there.
Students love the fact that they are tested more often and get feedback right away.
Students love the gadgets and instant results.
Students love the grid paper with room for work.
Students love the individual attention that tutoring provides.
Students love the interactivity and really seem to 'get it'.
Students love the movie and the activity.
Students love the new equipment and are always anxious for class to start.
Students love the opportunity to actually see their own artwork appear in print.
Students love the opportunity to perform for their peers.
Students love the products of their efforts.
Students love the subject of light which leads on to mirrors and lenses.
Students love the variety of choices and levels.
Students love the week of classes.
Students love to be in charge at the conferences.
Students love to be visited on the job.
Students love to boil water with an ice cube.
Students love to both compete and support thier home yellowjackets.
Students love to come to the fair and find their favorite books.
Students love to come to their class by way of the slide.
Students love to communicate.
Students love to do puzzles and play games.
Students love to earn points.
Students love to find out about each other.
Students love to fly paper airplanes, so mix a little scholarship in with the fun.
Students love to get real world experience and are in general very capable employees.
Students love to get together for photos.
Students love to give their input and opinions.
Students love to have a bit of choice in their activities.
Students love to hear stories about drug dealers and gangsters.
Students love to know their efforts are being recognized.
Students love to know their efforts are recognized.
Students love to light the gas on fire.
Students love to listen and work as a team on various projects.
Students love to look at the pictures.
Students love to make things happen using the new language and that they are learning.
Students love to make up their own words.
Students love to paint.
Students love to play detective.
Students love to play fast.
Students love to play games, and they also enjoy competition.
Students love to play.
Students love to read about people or situations to which they can relate.
Students love to read the narratives they spin out loud in class.
Students love to receive their writings back with comments from their reader.
Students love to search the net for class material as well as interest.
Students love to see connections with real life situations.
Students love to see something they have learned incorporated into real books.
Students love to see the teacher's writing.
Students love to see themselves and parents love to see what's happening at school.
Students love to see themselves on our boards.
Students love to share their thoughts and ideas with new friends from all over the world.
Students love to talk about mystrious things.
Students love to talk with younger children.
Students love to use it.
Students love trying American cuisine such as hamburgers and french fries, pizza and salads.
Students love unexpected adult tirades.
Students love using books with their own school identity visible.
Students love using computers and everyone does.
Students love using the Internet to research and report.
Students love videos and good ones can be played over and over again to increase comprehension.
Students love watching the food web at work.
Students love when parents come to see their work.
Students love word searches.
Students love working on the computers.
Students lumber in late, many with a who-cares attitude.
Students mad A Tale of Two Cities and study the French Revolution in World History.
Students magnetize a needle suspended by a string using a solenoid.
Students mail the application to a processing center.
Students mainly study liberal arts.
Students maintain a competency in grammar usage and mechanics, and review research techniques.
Students maintain a diary of experiences, complete assignments, and prepare reports as required.
Students maintain a journal of their observations and reflections based on readings.
Students maintain a journal to document their experiences.
Students maintain a log of their experiences which is turned in at the last seminar.
Students maintain a notebook on line with notes and pictures they copy and paste into from the web.
Students maintain a picture dictionary of the words they learn.
Students maintain a portfolio of their work in each subject.
Students maintain a portfolio of their work.
Students maintain a record of good citizenship.
Students maintain a record of hours completed at their practicum.
Students maintain a weekly journal of important events around the world.
Students maintain a working portfolio that keeps written assignments.
Students maintain a written portfolio of tests to measure the progress of the student and school.
Students maintain an employability portfolio.
Students maintain and improve language skills.
Students maintain class notes.
Students maintain classrooms, raise food on campus and run the school's fire department and airport.
Students maintain communication with advisors throughout the period from admission to graduation.
Students maintain daily accounts of their financial position.
Students maintain daily journals, conduct research, and deliver both written and oral reports.
Students maintain dictionary of word family words for assessment purposes.
Students maintain e-mail contact with the instructor.
Students maintain journals for written work, notes, sketches, research, and other purposes.
Students maintain journals throughout the course.
Students maintain liaison with internship coordinator and prepare a critical form of a formal paper.
Students maintain mastery while having fun.
Students maintain portfolios documenting their long term growth as writers.
Students maintain portfolios until graduation.
Students maintain portfolios used in evaluating the student teaching experience.
Students maintain proper posture while writing and begin to use cursive writing in daily lessons.
Students maintain responsibility for verifying course selection with individual pharmacy programs.
Students maintain the bells and prepare for rehearsals.
Students maintain the course, greens and irrigation system.
Students maintain the orchard, except during the summer months.
Students maintain the scholarships as long as they remain in good academic standing.
Students maintain the website, help coordinate activities, and provide general clerical support.
Students maintain their apartments and are reimbursed for cleaning products within reason.
Students maintain their electronic portfolios and conduct student-led conferences periodically.
Students maintain their focus on agricultural economics as a discipline.
Students maintain their own cable and long distance telephone accounts.
Students maintain their personal and professional lives while earning a degree.
Students majoring in a foreign language usually begin at the second or third level.
Students majoring in Accounting have the option of three different tracks from which to choose.
Students majoring in all undergraduate disciplines are potential candidates for Co-op positions.
Students majoring in animal science are prepared for a variety of careers.
Students majoring in any department other than History are eligible to complete a minor in History.
Students majoring in any discipline are eligible to apply.
Students majoring in any of the university's academic disciplines can participate.
Students majoring in art have ample space to work and learn.
Students majoring in art have the option of concentrating in studio art or graphic communication.
Students majoring in art history take nine courses in art history and one course in studio art.
Students majoring in art take a program that emphasizes either the history of art or studio art.
Students majoring in business often find a French minor to be an asset to their careers.
Students majoring in business or political science also welcome.
Students majoring in chemistry, study the subject in detail for three years.
Students majoring in computer science also select their related areas from many other fields.
Students majoring in computer science pursue the bachelor of science degree.
Students majoring in economics can minor in political science, finance, or other suitable areas.
Students majoring in economics take a combination of courses suited to their particular interests.
Students majoring in English and art provide a variety of services in preparing the publication.
Students majoring in English write a dissertation, in consultation with their tutors.
Students majoring in foods and nutrition are generally interested in health.
Students majoring in foreign languages also attend.
Students majoring in geography, earn the Bachelor of Arts degree.
Students majoring in history go into the business world, education, government and law.
Students majoring in history take ten courses, chosen to give both breadth and depth of knowledge.
Students majoring in math or science are eligible to apply.
Students majoring in math pursue the bachelor of science degree.
Students majoring in music earn half a unit of academic credit for singing in the choir.
Students majoring in music have the option of either a performance or music history concentration.
Students majoring in nontechnical degree programs can also pursue a minor in information technology.
Students majoring in other areas frequently choose economics as a second major or minor as well.
Students majoring in other disciplines are welcome in our courses.
Students majoring in other fields are eligible for consideration.
Students majoring in other fields can complete a minor in German or take cognate courses.
Students majoring in philosophy can expect exposure to a variety of philosophical topics.
Students majoring in philosophy have a variety of vocational interests.
Students majoring in physics have several alternatives.
Students majoring in political science are prepared for graduate school in their field of study.
Students majoring in political science have a number of career options.
Students majoring in political science have numerous career options.
Students majoring in psychology take at least six papers.
Students majoring in religion can take a missions concentration.
Students majoring in Sociology are competitive in the job market.
Students majoring in Sociology learn about themselves, their culture and other cultures.
Students majoring in sociology who are in their junior or senior year are eligible for membership.
Students majoring in sociology, who have completed research strategies subjects, can enrol.
Students majoring in special education are subject to all teacher education policies and procedures.
Students majoring in speech prepare for careers in which oral communication plays a major role.
Students majoring in teacher education can earn certification to teach chemistry.
Students majoring in the program receive an integrated, professional education.
Students majoring in the various agriculture degree programs use the university farm extensively.
Students majoring in theatre become proficient in bringing creative solutions to complex problems.
Students majoring in various areas also profit from a minor in art history.
Students majoring in writing generally choose to focus on creative or professional writing.
Students majoring in zoology take a balanced core of courses.
Students majoring or minoring in mathematics pursue a variety of careers.
Students make a bat cave by forming a circle.
Students make a big difference, too.
Students make a board game with different paths.
Students make a book including the Table of Contents .
Students make a book to close out the lesson.
Students make a bottle aquarium for a pond snail.
Students make a bumble bee, flowers, and a wreath.
Students make a butterfly puppet with simple materials.
Students make a circle diagram of themselves.
Students make a clay menorah as a way of learning about Hanukkah.
Students make a collage of foods and determine the nutritional value of each.
Students make a collage that expresses their own place in the world.
Students make a collage to demonstrate what they have learned.
Students make a collage with examples of patterns in nature.
Students make a commitment to complete the program with their colleagues.
Students make a compass, write a pirate's diary, learn pirate vocabulary and more.
Students make a computer poster or advertisement for their favorite NC cultural event.
Students make a conductivity tester and use it with different solutions.
Students make a core set of environmental observations near their school.
Students make a diagram of consumers and producers.
Students make a difference As with everything here, students come first.
Students make a distance-scale solar system model with toilet paper.
Students make a DNA ladder that runs around the room.
Students make a down payment equivalent to half the number of lunches and dinners each term.
Students make a family tree.
Students make a film or video tape.
Students make a first- hand study of the mammalian diving response.
Students make a five week commitment to work as a member of a trail crew.
Students make a flag that symbolize themselves.
Students make a flip book to illustrate enzyme kinetics.
Students make a floor plan for a small restaurant furnished with round tables.
Students make a formal application to be part of a particular program.
Students make a formal presentation of business cases.
Students make a fresh start when they choose to attend college.
Students make a full-year commitment on an annual basis.
Students make a giant step towards becoming independent learners.
Students make a gingerbread village to study economics and planning.
Students make a graph from their data chart.
Students make a graph, interpolate the weight of unknown object.
Students make a healthy snack from pumpkin seeds.
Students make a Indian word book .
Students make a large investment to be here and are eager to leave with new insights to apply.
Students make a list of specific words or combinations of words that indicate levels of politeness.
Students make a list of the school websites and student's web pages visited.
Students make a list of three positive aspects of each school system.
Students make a list of ways to keep eyes safe.
Students make a long-term commitment when they enroll in a graduate program.
Students make a lot of noise in each of the department rooms.
Students make a map of the cemetery.
Students make a map of their bedroom from the example.
Students make a mini-book of fantastic frogs.
Students make a model of a reservoir.
Students make a model of muscle pairs to show how the leg and foot work together.
Students make a model of the respiratory system.
Students make a mosaic picture of their family.
Students make a name tag with their Native American name on it.
Students make a navigational tool similar to the one Columbus used, and create a timeline.
Students make a number of short oral presentations in lab.
Students make a page for their Bill of Rights Book.
Students make a pamphlet based on a printable rubric.
Students make a paper plate frog.
Students make a physical map for an imaginary country they create.
Students make a picture of a magnetic field using spray adhesive.
Students make a picture web to describe a place.
Students make a plasticine model of a cyclone.
Students make a portfolio based on a theme.
Students make a poster advertising the Tour de France in a city of their choice along the route.
Students make a prediction before they follow their procedure.
Students make a presentation using classroom technology.
Students make a prism and spectroscope.
Students make a public presentation of the portfolio project.
Students make a public presentation of the study at the end of the term.
Students make a quilt square at home showing something they are thankful for.
Students make a refractor telescope.
Students make a rough recycled paper sheet from a paper pulp mixture.
Students make a sample tape demonstrating what they've learned.
Students make a scale drawing of their classroom.
Students make a simple battery-tester from a bulb and wire.
Students make a simple electric motor.
Students make a straw pipette.
Students make a strip story using information from their mindmaps.
Students make a table relating the number of cubes in a tower to the total number of cubes used.
Students make a table relating the number of people and the number of eyes.
Students make a table showing the relationship between the number of CDs bought and the total cost.
Students make a table showing the relationship between the number of hours worked and money earned.
Students make a tape of themselves singing the song.
Students make a telephone using cups and string to explore how sound travels.
Students make a telescope.
Students make a ten- minute historically accurate presentation using first person.
Students make a theme portfolio in which they can collect their work during the unit.
Students make a timeline, and research players to design a baseball card.
Students make a transition from manuscript to cursive writing.
Students make a transition into the water with body drags with and without a harness.
Students make a triangle on the grid.
Students make a triangle twice as big and four times as big as the first one.
Students make a true or falso test with an answer key.
Students make a warm air ballons to invesigate gas laws.
Students make a web out of string to represent the interactions of a grassland ecosystem.
Students make a wheel showing the life cycle of butterflies.
Students make a year long commitment to the team, growing within one of the five ministry areas.
Students make accurate measurements and estimations.
Students make adjustments to their portfolios and view their holdings and team standings online.
Students make all news placement decisions and do all of the editing.
Students make an animal project to take home each week.
Students make an artworld bulletin board.
Students make an easter basket from a bleach jug.
Students make an election notebook from newspaper clippings, magazines, and campaign literature.
Students make an explanation for something , do an experiment and write down their results .
Students make an explanation for something, do an experiment and write down their results.
Students make an initial orientation visit to each of their sites before the series begins.
Students make an oral presentation and submit a written final report to document their project work.
Students make an oral presentation on a preselected topic agreed upon by the instructor.
Students make an oral presentation.
Students make and analyze pictographs.
Students make and decorate a silk tallit of their own design.
Students make and sample homemade goodies, and perform other duties.
Students make and sell the ice cream under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students make and submit environmental observations via the Internet.
Students make and take home period ornaments.
Students make and taste hot chocolate and tortillas.
Students make and test a battery.
Students make and test oxygen.
Students make and test predictions.
Students make and test weather instruments and record their findings.
Students make and use a pinhole viewer.
Students make and view holograms with light from laser.
Students make answers.
Students make application at the time the prospectus is approved.
Students make application during the second semester sophomore year.
Students make application for advanced standing after admission to the master s program.
Students make application for advanced standing after admission to the masters program.
Students make application for advanced standing after admission to the master's program.
Students make application for one of the two program options.
Students make application to the program during the spring semester of their freshman year.
Students make application.
Students make appointments directly with the advisor.
Students make appointments to review the major project.
Students make appointments with the advisors directly.
Students make appointments with the instructor to review progress of the major project.
Students make appropriate choices about when and where to use technology.
Students make armature.
Students make arrangements directly with psychology faculty.
Students make arrangements for the examination with their advisor.
Students make arrangements for their own meals.
Students make arrangements to interview with potential employers.
Students make arrangements to observe a group member during a school day or longer.
Students make arrangements using materials they bring to class.
Students make arrangements with individual faculty members who supervise their activities.
Students make arrangements with librarian and tech.
Students make arrangements with the dining services office on their home campus.
Students make arrangements with their instructors to make up an exam.
Students make artifacts to represent their invented cultures and bury the artifacts.
Students make artworks that express the theme of the unit.
Students make atoms mobiles.
Students make banners representing the nominees.
Students make baseball cards as a way of getting to know one another.
Students make birds out of plastic hose eggs.
Students make both a written and an oral presentation of their research.
Students make both individual and team presentations.
Students make both informal and formal presentations during the semester.
Students make brief, preliminary presentations of project on final class meeting.
Students make bulletin boards and other displays.
Students make calculations and experience the consequences of their decisions.
Students make calculations regarding costs of shrimping.
Students make candle decorations out of paper tubes and colored paper.
Students make candy to understand molecular bonding of materials like glass.
Students make changes to their guess after each container.
Students make changes to their schedules with advisers' approval.
Students make changes, as needed.
Students make checks and adjustments on heavy equipment chassis and power trains.
Students make choices about technologies in their projects, which affect the final products.
Students make choices about the newspaper clippings or articles.
Students make choices and develop strategies for encountering and experiencing art.
Students make choices based on many forms of information.
Students make choices to be a part of the community.
Students make choices.
Students make choices.
Students make class books shaped like a triangle, a rectangle, a square, and a circle.
Students make class presentations of the chapters from the text prior to the examination.
Students make class presentations on selected topics, and a term paper is required.
Students make clay boats and explore how weight can be distributed to make a sinker into a floater.
Students make common errors.
Students make comparison.
Students make comparisons and connections to images all the time.
Students make comparisons and contrasts of several seahorse species to a horse.
Students make complete garments.
Students make computations, construct graphs and interpret results.
Students make computer presentations on their site and site research information.
Students make concentrations of salt water.
Students MAKE conclusions about acid rain.
Students make conclusions about the story.
Students make conclusions based on inductive reasoning.
Students make conclusions.
Students make concrete according to the mix design.
Students make conjectures about inequalities that are always true for polyhedra.
Students make conjectures about relationships using patterns.
Students make conjectures publicly and try to convince themselves and one another of their validity.
Students make connections between the visual arts, other disciplines, and career paths.
Students make connections between their feelings during the music and the story.
Students make connections between theory and practice.
Students make connections between visual arts and other disciplines.
Students make connections on their own.
Students make connections to local industry through job shadowing, guest speakers, and field trips.
Students make connections to real life when they classify, sort, and count many different things.
Students make connections to the learning across the curriculum.
Students make connections to the world beyond the classroom and other content.
Students make connections to the world beyond the classroom.
Students make consistent progress toward their degree.
Students make construction paper feathers.
Students make contact with patients as early as the first week of med school.
Students make continuous progress toward meeting the standards at each level ofschooling.
Students make conversions between different units of measurement.
Students make corrections more easily and save paper.
Students make corrections.
Students make course selections with adviser approval.
Students make covers for their books about the community.
Students make crafts as a culmination or an introduction to class units.
Students make critical assessments of their own progress on a regular basis.
Students make crossing-guard vests.
Students make cutout glasses using different colors of cellophane paper.
Students make daily journal entries and observations.
Students make daily observations in journals, and the cycle then repeats.
Students make daily rounds with subspecialty residents and the attending staff.
Students make dancing cardboard frogs or baby food jar frogs.
Students make data table with information collected from the air pollution experiment.
Students make decision about how to set up a problem.
Students make decision sets consisting of strategic and tactical adjustments to the marketing mix.
Students make decisions about how to approach problems.
Students make decisions about how to set up a problem.
Students make decisions about sets of information, examine variables and explore the idea of bias.
Students make decisions about the future of the island's diverse resources.
Students make decisions about the types of learning experiences desired.
Students make decisions about topic choice, appropriate genre, purpose, and audience.
Students make decisions based on the patient profiles presented on computer.
Students make decisions instantaneously and receive immediate feedback.
Students make decisions on which equities to buy and sell to maximize the value of the portfolio.
Students make decisions, and they have a framework in which to do so.
Students make decisions.
Students make decorative picture frames for holiday gifts.
Students make detailed drawings of beams and columns.
Students make documentary, narrative, and experimental films in roughly even numbers.
Students make early start in e-commerce .
Students make educational choices.
Students make environmental observations and report their data findings on the Internet.
Students make excellent researchers.
Students make excellent teachers for others struggling with a concept they are all trying to master.
Students make extensive use of instructional software to support and extend their learning.
Students make extensive use of Internet legal resources.
Students make extensive use of Internet resources.
Students make extremely small gains in mastery of course materials.
Students make fabric bears stuffed with fiberfill.
Students make family trees and conduct interviews for oral reports.
Students make field trips to cultural and recreational sites in the area.
Students make final preparations.
Students make flip card cartoons of Newton's three laws.
Students make formal proposals and presentations.
Students make fraction strips to study the progress toward a fund-raising goal.
Students make frequent oral presentations.
Students make frequent visits to our local creek to test the water for pollutants.
Students make friends very soon.
Students make games.
Students make glazes and discuss firing techniques.
Students make graphs showing relationships among temperature, wind, and wind chill.
Students make graphs.
Students make group presentation and case analysis.
Students make group presentation.
Students make heavy use of the library's facility.
Students make hypotheses.
Students make ice cream using liquid nitrogen.
Students make ideal employees.
Students make important career decisions as they reach their final years of medical school.
Students make impressive progress during the year.
Students make incisions with their mouse, as a narrator explains the functions of various organs.
Students make independent choices, and consider alternatives in whole class discussions.
Students make independent living arrangements.
Students make individual and group presentations and reports.
Students make individual arrangements depending on their class schedule.
Students make individual investigations and report on special problems.
Students make individual studies of their specific problems, and group studies of related problems.
Students make inferences about what's happening in a story as they read.
Students make inferences and evaluate hypotheses based on evidence.
Students make inferences from their readings and draw conclusions in small groups.
Students make informed career choices.
Students make interest payments at a variable rate while they are in school.
Students make invitations encouraging people to join in a protest or historical event.
Students make journal entries including at least one drawing of one area that was visited.
Students make key decisions in an extensive simulation exercise.
Students make kites.
Students make land-use decisions and classify human uses of forests.
Students make legs, tops, drawers, frames, panels, and doors for cabinets.
Students make lenses, prisms, and colored filter glasses.
Students make life cycle wheels for two different animals and describe the different stages.
Students make lifelong friends at girls' schools.
Students make list on chart paper.
Students make lists comparing the positives and negatives of retirement.
Students make lists of what raises their hackles.
Students make lists.
Students make magnifying glasses out of water to explore what happens to a beam of light.
Students make make a note of their findings on notebook paper.
Students make management decisions, analyze the effects and make adjustments when needed.
Students make many changes during registration that affect tuition and fees.
Students make maps of real, imaginary, or storybook journeys.
Students make measurements.
Students make mistakes in the process of acquiring knowledge and skill.
Students make mistakes, fall flat on there rear ends and get very frustrated.
Students make mobiles.
Students make music and then ask for specific comments about what others hear in their work.
Students make negatives and prints in the fine arts tradition.
Students make new friends who share their interest in writing.
Students make no oral presentations.
Students make notes describing the different tastes.
Students make notes in a journal, which is provided, on each activity.
Students make notes.
Students make observations about the results.
Students make observations and describe properties of common substances.
Students make observations and draw conclusions from specimens and field evidence as seen in slides.
Students make observations and enter data from every continent except Antarctica.
Students make observations and record.
Students make observations and report their data via the internet.
Students make observations of changes in plant communities.
Students make observations of the various plants, and they work on a rotation system.
Students make observations, collect data and form hypothesis.
Students make observations, do critical thinking, solve problems and communicate their findings.
Students make observations.
Students make on origami frog and write the steps involved in making one.
Students make one visit to Strasbourg to see the Plenary in action.
Students make oral and poster presentations and prepare abstracts.
Students make oral and poster presentations of results obtained as part of research projects.
Students make oral and written presentations and participate in group leadership exercises.
Students make oral and written presentations to the class on specific topics.
Students make oral and written presentations, write short papers, and a research paper.
Students make oral presentations and are critiqued.
Students make oral presentations and prepare brief items of technical writing.
Students make oral presentations and write short interpretations.
Students make oral presentations on the elements of leadership, enhancing effective communication.
Students make oral presentations on the elements of leadership.
Students make oral presentations to experience speaking before a critical audience.
Students make oral presentations to share how science and technology have impacted their topic.
Students make out at a party.
Students make own decisions.
Students make own living arrangements in Bend.
Students make own sentences and short stories to illustrate the meaning of the phrase.
Students make own transportation arrangements.
Students make paper bees, a beehive, flowers with pollen and bee predators.
Students make paper chains with symbols from various holidays.
Students make paper models of raccoons and owls.
Students make paper-mache mush instead of using strips of paper.
Students make particular choices.
Students make patterns or sort the objects.
Students make patterns with letters and extend the sequence.
Students make personal time lines of their lives to become familiar with a time line format.
Students make picture and letter connections, practice handwriting, compile word banks, and more.
Students make pictures representing objects in space.
Students make policy decisions affecting salmon populations.
Students make portraits of each other.
Students make posters about their food chains using pictures as illustrations.
Students make posters showing the positive effects of staying tobacco-free.
Students make posters to illustrate results.
Students make predictions about the story based on the pictures.
Students make predictions about the weather patterns at their chosen locations.
Students make predictions about what each letter stands for.
Students make predictions and find the mass of solid objects.
Students make predictions and observations.
Students make predictions and reach conclusions about each.
Students make predictions for simple probability situation.
Students make predictions for simple probability situations.
Students make predictions from prior knowledge.
Students make predictions of experimental outcomes which they discuss with their peers.
Students make predictions on the context of the text based on initial observations.
Students make predictions using pattern recognition and memory skills.
Students make predictions, do calculations, and enter observations directly in their activity guide.
Students make predictions.
Students make predictions.
Students make preliminary decisions about the type of information needed based on prior knowledge.
Students make preliminary observations and begin developing a proposal.
Students make presentation.
Students make presentations about various aspects of the Constitution and the judges ask questions.
Students make presentations in regional, national and international scientific conferences.
Students make presentations in teams to a variety of companies at the Careers Information Fair.
Students make presentations on assigned topics.
Students make presentations throughout the semester using their work experiences as living cases.
Students make presentations to faculty and peers based on their paper and internship.
Students make presentations to the class about the plants and animals they studied.
Students make presentations to the class regarding buy, sell, or hold decisions.
Students make pretend binoculars and take a bird watching walk.
Students make progress at their own pace and work toward their personal learning goals.
Students make progress best in homogeneous groups.
Students make progress.
Students make progress.
Students make projects with sticker art to take home, including bookmarks and bookplates.
Students make public presentations of their theses prior to graduation.
Students make puppets.
Students make reference to earlier readings and to issues raised in other courses.
Students make refrigerator posters for the emergency number.
Students make regular oral presentations of current topics.
Students make reindeer heads by tracing their hands and feet.
Students make repeating leaf print patterns along the paper strips.
Students make representations of the number of people in their class.
Students make requests for accommodations primarily through their DSS coordinator.
Students make rhymes, direct plots and publish storybook and greeting cards.
Students make salad dressing and experiment separating the oil and water.
Students make scale drawings to reduce and enlarge objects.
Students make schedules.
Students make seasonal decorations for senior centers, nursing homes, shelters, etc.
Students make seminar presentations in assigned topics, and meet several writing requirements.
Students make seminar presentations.
Students make sense of ideas and communicate ideas with the visual arts.
Students make sense of ideas and communicate with the visual arts.
Students make sense of the things they observe and messages to which they listen.
Students make sense of the variety of materials they read.
Students make sense of the various messages to which they listen.
Students make sense of the various things they observe.
Students make sense of their understandings of science based on prior experiences.
Students make several course related visits to fashion museums and boutiques.
Students make several dolls in class, using ancient and modern construction techniques.
Students make several field trips to their study sites during the school year.
Students make several masks and contribute to a class exhibition.
Students make several presentations.
Students make several trips.
Students make shapes with their fingers and arms.
Students make shopping lists, categorize products, understand labels, and read coupons and ads.
Students make site selections.
Students make site visits to a long-term care facility and spend one day with a visiting nurse.
Students make site visits to leading school information centers, conferences, and media fairs.
Students make site visits with their teacher and a Green City naturalist once a month or more.
Students make sketches in their science journals and add recording sheets for data collection.
Students make small baseball bats or other designs suitable for lathe production.
Students make special announcements for the week and report sports scores from over the weekend.
Students make specific purchases using either cash or credit.
Students make spreadsheets projecting cost for a big project and analyzing mileage.
Students make stained glass, design tapestries, create heraldic shields, and perform a mystery play.
Students make strides each term in learning how to construct a well organized and focused essay.
Students make suggestions concerning the development of an area where several owls and hawks live.
Students make supporting posters.
Students make supportive friendships the basis of community life.
Students make sure the frame is right.
Students make tapes in language laboratory.
Students make telegraph sounders and keys and work with a partner to create a telegraph system.
Students make that happen.
Students make the associations from the previous student's word.
Students make the ball of clay with the right diameter for each planet.
Students make the caterpillar grow by adding a segment for every book they read.
Students make the choice to study abroad for a number of different reasons.
Students make the commitment to meet once a week after school to help the kids.
Students make the connection between learning, skills, and careers.
Students make the connection between today's schoolwork and tomorrow's success.
Students make the decorations, desserts, entertain the guests, and serve the parents.
Students make the difference.
Students make the first contact by email with a specific student on the list directory.
Students make the frieze.
Students make the learning appropriate to their community.
Students make the poster together.
Students make the school so help to swell our number.
Students make the school.
Students make the skirts by first blocking off two inch square sections.
Students make the vital connection between what they learn at school and what they do at work.
Students make their analytical and presentation skills better during the process of teaching.
Students make their choices based on the spaces still available when their lottery number is called.
Students make their design presentations using a presentations package and an LCD projector.
Students make their final college choices.
Students make their game piece on the first day.
Students make their investment choices over a series of decision-making periods.
Students make their own appointments and ask all the questions.
Students make their own arrangements for housing within the community.
Students make their own arrangements for meals.
Students make their own arrangements in Washington.
Students make their own breakfasts and lunches.
Students make their own candles.
Students make their own choice from the titles in the media center.
Students make their own constellation on black construction paper using ten star stickers and chalk.
Students make their own copies, staff only make backup copies.
Students make their own copy-books for an Early American handwriting exercise.
Students make their own decisions about how to organize their learning time.
Students make their own easels and custodians are on alert for cardboard boxes.
Students make their own electromagnets.
Students make their own financial arangements with the host institution.
Students make their own holograms.
Students make their own housing arrangements.
Students make their own individual arrangements for housing.
Students make their own natural bird feeders.
Students make their own paper mosaics at the end of the lesson.
Students make their own programs and decisions.
Students make their own shoe box trunks.
Students make their own toy or craft using recycled material.
Students make their own transportation arrangements.
Students make their own travel arrangements.
Students make their own visas and passports for an imaginery journey to a foreign land.
Students make their own.
Students make their owndiscoveries about real world problems through research and experimentation.
Students make their presentations in front of a backdrop that resembles a television news set.
Students make their presentations in person.
Students make their programme which is taped and reviewed.
Students make their project and share it with the classes involved.
Students make their requests using a touch-tone telephone.
Students make their timetables by themselves.
Students make there own fun.
Students make thoughtful choices and they work with others in a planful manner.
Students make trades by using company ticker symbols.
Students make trades online.
Students make transitions.
Students make tremendous growth with the use of technology to enhance their learning.
Students make trips.
Students make tutoring a part of their weekly schedule.
Students make twined cordage for binding the handle.
Students make two ad presentations during the semester, as well.
Students make two personal blends to take home.
Students make unique flameworked beads.
Students make up a large and important part of our customer base.
Students make up a majority of the working population, so when school ends, most leave.
Students make up a name for their team.
Students make up a story explaining how they got their name.
Students make up about one-quarter of the reserve force.
Students make up almost one fourth of the total membership.
Students make up an enormous part of the city's younger population.
Students make up estuary stories with their classmates, using puppets.
Students make up factor trees to find the prime factorization of a number.
Students make up humorous stories about adding and subtracting zero.
Students make up lost time and meet deadlines by working on projects before or after school.
Students make up own chart.
Students make up tardies and cuts in after-school detention.
Students make up the balance of the program's staff.
Students make up the cards prior to activity.
Students make up the majority of givers.
Students make up the routines which last from two to six minutes.
Students make up the secondary group.
Students make up their own minds.
Students make use of communications tools developed by engineers to enhance learning.
Students make use of computers in every classroom to enhance the learning experience.
Students make use of email to submit assignments and correspond with tutors.
Students make use of multiple reasoning methods when discussing the physics of a single topic.
Students make use of pre-written generalized programs called application packages.
Students make use of support services such as student assistance and counseling when needed.
Students make use of the computer for problem solving and laboratory analysis.
Students make use of the instructor's comments in order to improve their performance in the future.
Students make use of word processors in similar ways.
Students make use.
Students make valid contributions to scientific research, and their notion of research expands.
Students make various grounds, paints and suppotrs.
Students make various tools for monitoring weather conditions.
Students make visits to brighten their day.
Students make weekend schedules.
Students make weekly office visits to work with faculty, like a personal coach.
Students make wet mount slides of fresh or preserved specimens from plankton tow.
Students make what they want for themselves at both breakfast and lunch.
Students make word games.
Students make written and oral presentations on a topic of environmental concern.
Students make, fit, and finish plaster half-masks of a given commedia dell'arte character.
Students makemistakes in the process of acquiring knowledge and skill.
Students makes excellent use of primary and and secondary sources.
Students make-up approximately twenty percent of the volunteer staff.
Students making locks ineffective for the purpose of convenience is one common problem.
Students making satisfactory or better on the tests earn points.
Students man the phones and schedule appointments.
Students man the store under the supervision of a staff member.
Students manage a computerized medical office environment.
Students manage a hot dog concession stand.
Students manage a hypothetical portfolio for the duration of the semester.
Students manage a patient caseload with increasing independence as they progress in the program.
Students manage a real portfolio of investments in the stock market.
Students manage actual plant production enterprises.
Students manage and evaluate their behavior as group members.
Students manage and exhibit animals as part of course requirements and extracurricular activities.
Students manage and operate the clinic.
Students manage and staff the gallery.
Students manage and staff the school store.
Students manage and staff the station, including air shifts.
Students manage clients files under the supervision of experienced solicitors.
Students manage money, property, and resources with efficiency.
Students manage real projects, use scheduling software, study cases and analytical tools.
Students manage the station, with the assistance of a faculty advisor and appointed volunteers.
Students manage their own web server for personal web pages.
Students manage their time in much the same way.
Students manage to fix the structures they have learned with special material to meet their needs.
Students manifest their learning in oral presentations, papers and demonstration lessons.
Students manipulate a variety of magnets to determine polarity and their characteristics.
Students manipulate a velocity vector to control the movement of an object in a gamelike setting.
Students manipulate an existing database to cement skills.
Students manipulate equation to find percentage, total, etc.
Students manipulate information and communicate ideas with a variety of computational algorithms.
Students manipulate numbers.
Students manipulate objects by pushing and pulling to demonstrate changes in motion and position.
Students manipulate objects in and through space.
Students manipulate objects to demonstrate a change in motion and position.
Students manipulate objects with accuracy and speed.
Students manipulate ranges, means, standard deviations, and compute z-scores.
Students manipulate sizes and placement of words and graphics.
Students manipulate the facts and perform what they know, usually in front of the class.
Students manipulate the form and imagery in representational and nonrepresentational art work.
Students manipulate virtual chemical systems by adjusting variables and observing the results.
Students manipulate weights on two balance beams to solve two equations at the same time.
Students manipulate weights on two balance beams to solve two simultaneous equations.
Students manufacture and market a preselected product.
Students manufacture small projects using mass production and crafting techniques.
Students map and reflect on the highs and lows of their past while looking ahead to the future.
Students map for two days in strata that are overturned.
Students map the historical migrations of the American people.
Students map the site to determine how best to design the restoration.
Students map their daily water use.
Students march in place at a moderate pace.
Students march in silence signifying the silence they experience everyday.
Students march to their seats in alphabetical order.
Students mark a wholecloth or piece a small sampler prior to class at home.
Students mark Greece on the world map on the west wall of the classroom with a picture of Pegasus.
Students mark on a written text where they think the stressed or unstressed words are.
Students mark political events in the Palestinian calendar with prayers and street protests.
Students mark site locations on the map displayed in the classroom.
Students mark storm drains to protect fish habitats.
Students mark the secret ballot and place it in the box.
Students mark their answers on specially printed sheets using either a pencil or a special marker .
Students mark their answers on specially printed sheets using either a pencil or a special marker.
Students mark their estimates on a number line and justify their estimates verbally and in writing.
Students mark their hypothesis.
Students mark their own maps as well.
Students mark their own work, and perhaps undertake other tasks as presented in the video.
Students mark their sheets.
Students marvel at actually getting to meet the people who write some of the books that they read.
Students master a concept before they move on to another concept.
Students master a majority of the required competencies by successfully completing coursework.
Students master academic studies in a computer lab.
Students master advanced marketing skills and knowledge.
Students master and apply technological advances.
Students master and burn their own CDs.
Students master basic practices and techniques required for effective production work in each area.
Students master basic skills and apply what they learn to solve problems and make decisions.
Students master basic tactical skills of the small unit leader.
Students master both written and oral presentation of research.
Students master critical content regardless of literacy competence.
Students master English quickly and are mainstreamed to our traditional college preparatory program.
Students master increasingly complex material beginning with writing short documents.
Students master input devices, such as light pens, art tablets, etc.
Students master it quickly and can move on to learning more computing concepts.
Students master knowledge through drill and practice.
Students master one exercise before moving on to another.
Students master philosophical terms, and they practice arguing.
Students master several longer compositions, including a formally documented research paper.
Students master several skills needed in using the new technologies.
Students master shaving and more advanced men's haircutting.
Students master social science research techniques and journalistic methods.
Students master the academic and personal skills needed to succeed in higher education and in life.
Students master the advanced grammatical structures found in the writings of Cicero.
Students master the basic skills needed for success in the biology field.
Students master the basic skills of file management and document manipulation.
Students master the basics of car control and get the feel of a winged sprint car.
Students master the basics or core academics in student-oriented classrooms.
Students master the fundamental principles of theology, spirituality and pastoral practice.
Students master the intensive phonics approach to reading in preparation for teaching reading.
Students master the language and concepts of business.
Students master the manageable blocks that eventually become entire topics.
Students master the research techniques necessary to document historic structures and sites.
Students master the tables, solve problems and comprehend math concepts.
Students master the technique of making a beautiful beaded glass rose.
Students master the technique quickly and the technology becomes almost invisible.
Students master the tools of business analysis, change management and marketing strategy.
Students master the use of the software while determining drive times, rest stops, and fuel stops.
Students master the vocabulary necessary for good reading.
Students mat and display their work for exhibit.
Students mat or mount some work for display.
Students mat or mount work for display.
Students match characteristics with each component.
Students match important dates with personalities and places.
Students match needy families with sponsors who provide food and gifts during the holidays.
Students match numeral to corresponding dots card by feel.
Students match term with brief definition.
Students match the animals to the sounds that they make.
Students match the contractions to the matching words.
Students match the examples with definitions.
Students match the pictures with the words.
Students match the pinyin spelling of Chinese words with the English meaning.
Students match the state and capital on the two wheels.
Students match the word with the shape.
Students match their feelings words to music as they play and sing along to it.
Students match their heights with adding machine tape.
Students match their pictures to their names.
Students match traits and behaviors of successful entrepreneurs to the characteristics of farmers.
Students match unusual life stories and accomplishments to a collection of photographs.
Students match up British English and American English words.
Students match up key words with definitions.
Students match up own abilities to career possibilities.
Students match uppercase and lowercase letters, vowel sounds and letters, synonyms and more.
Students match what is on their cards with what the caller reads from a deck.
Students mate different mutations of fruit flies to discover various Mendelian genetic ratios.
Students matriculate as a cohort group and remain together for the duration of the program.
Students matriculate at the beginning of the fall semester each year.
Students matriculate in other colleges for specialized degrees with educational applications.
Students matriculate in the fall semester of every year.
Students matriculate in the fall semester on a full-time basis only.
Students matriculate only in the fall semester.
Students matriculate through the courses as a cohort.
Students matriculate with a balanced qualification drawn from six subject areas.
Students mature as they face real-world challenges in the work place.
Students may have difficulty.
Students may have knowledge.
Students may have little knowledge.
Students maychoose to work with a native speaker Conversation partner to keep maintain fluency.
Students maysubmit as many entries as they want.
Students measure a base line distance away from the object to be measured.
Students measure actual house, then figure appropriate scale to fit lot size.
Students measure altitude, acceleration, and thrust of rocket at launch.
Students measure and calculate force as it relates to the circular motion of an object.
Students measure and compare students' arm spans to birds' wingspans.
Students measure and compare weights, times, and temperatures using appropriate units and tools.
Students measure and place enough sand into a plastic bag to equal their birth weight.
Students measure and record temperature, salinity, density, and pH in surface waters.
Students measure and record the distance the marble traveled with the meter stick.
Students measure carefully to have accurate data for their records.
Students measure changes in heart rate during an arithmetic test.
Students measure distances on a timer tape as accurately as possible.
Students measure each other's height.
Students measure familiar distances such as the playground and the route home.
Students measure geometric figures and visualize and represent shapes.
Students measure growth.
Students measure how far different crickets can jump.
Students measure how light from a source spreads out using graph paper or a perf board.
Students measure interior space for engineering drawings.
Students measure lifting ability using a floor fan as a wind source.
Students measure mass.
Students measure rate of fall with stopwatch and meterstick.
Students measure slopes and calculate the percent slope in their schoolyard.
Students measure soil moisture and temperature at a study site near their school.
Students measure species diversity and abundance as well as climate conditions along the ecotone.
Students measure the area of their hand.
Students measure the behavioral responses to stimuli such as amphetamines.
Students measure the bounce a ball of at least four different heights from their device.
Students measure the circumference of light bulbs using a creative technique.
Students measure the depth to groundwater in a piezometer.
Students measure the distance of their regular walks and track their progress in an imaginary trip.
Students measure the distance the marble travels after it leaves the ramp at each ramp height.
Students measure the electricity use of all the gadgets needed to make dinner.
Students measure the length of individual french fries and count the number of fries in each basket.
Students measure the length of one side of a square in inches.
Students measure the length of their classroom using their paces and compare their results.
Students measure the length of their feet.
Students measure the length of their shadows.
Students measure the lengths of objects using various sets of standard units.
Students measure the radius of the orbits of some of Jupiter's moons.
Students measure the shells and record their lengths.
Students measure the starting energy and the spring constant for their mouse trap's spring.
Students measure the temperature of boiling water as it cools in a cup.
Students measure the temperature of the ice and then place the beaker on a hot plate.
Students measure the time it takes the vehicle to move a distance and plot the results.
Students measure the viscosity of pasta in corn oil.
Students measure their heights.
Students measure time.
Students measure volume using film canisters as their measuring cups.
Students measure water.
Students measure with a variety of nonstandard units in other disciplines.
Students measure, draw, record data, describe what they see and use math.
Students measure, graph, calculate, and test predictions.
Students measure, record, graph and write to summarize the data.
Students mediate on a needed basis during school.
Students meet a range of different accents in natural and authentic conditions.
Students meet a variety of characters, including a farmer, housewife, schoolmaster, and blacksmith.
Students meet a variety of specialists in the area.
Students meet a very competitive application and review process.
Students meet according to parts of the city and various towns to arrange carpooling.
Students meet after school and enjoy math problem solving activities.
Students meet after school for one day a week for eight consecutive weeks.
Students meet after school on various days appropriate to the schedules of the students.
Students meet after school to extend their talent development in the visual arts.
Students meet after school to prepare for the event.
Students meet and bond with the other students in their cohort group.
Students meet and congregate in many other places.
Students meet and create their own original poetry, music, dance, movies, and theater pieces.
Students meet and hear lectures from faculty and students.
Students meet and share knowledge and experience.
Students meet as a group once a week for a short time of sharing, Bible study, and prayer.
Students meet as a group with academic staff regularly to present and discuss their work.
Students meet as group every other week to report on activities.
Students meet as one band class daily.
Students meet at a designated time for a quiet study session.
Students meet at least bi-weekly with their supervising attorney to discuss their cases.
Students meet at least once per semester with their faculty advisor.
Students meet at recess to play games.
Students meet at set times to work on assignments, often with peer tutoring available.
Students meet at the beginning of each quarter to describe their current rotation project.
Students meet at the custodians entrance at the back of the school.
Students meet at the library to discuss various readings.
Students meet at the same convenient location for the entire program.
Students meet at the same time in virtual classrooms.
Students meet at the school also to socialize, and some even start to flirt with each other.
Students meet at UVA for workshops during three days of the clerkship session.
Students meet back in groups and turn their list of responsibilities into a written statement.
Students meet before school and meetings are open to all students.
Students meet both as a group and individually with the colloquium professor.
Students meet by grade level five days per week.
Students meet college prerequisite requirements.
Students meet company executives and have access to company white papers.
Students meet daily for five weeks during the summer.
Students meet daily in the band room.
Students meet daily to plan peer mentoring program.
Students meet daily with their instructors for as many hours as they, or their institution, desire.
Students meet daily with their professional for three hours.
Students meet department representatives,college officials, and register for classes the same day.
Students meet during a regularly scheduled time, once or twice a week, for thirty minutes.
Students meet during the dinner hour to assess skills and interests.
Students meet during the noon hour, and the group is open to students at any grade level.
Students meet during the week in small bible study groups.
Students meet eight hours a week for each semester-long course.
Students meet electronically on a regular basis, using multimedia computers and the Internet.
Students meet employers from a wide array of practices and make many connections.
Students meet employers through scheduled interviews and general information tables.
Students meet established performance standards focusing on learning core subjects.
Students meet faculty in classes and continue their association by fax, telephone and mail.
Students meet faculty, talk with academic advisors, and register for fall quarter classes.
Students meet faculty, talk with academic advisors, and register for fall semester classes.
Students meet five days a week for one regular classroom period.
Students meet for classes once a week during a four-hour block of evening instruction.
Students meet for clinical conferences at selected times during the semester with faculty and peers.
Students meet for four weekends during the semester.
Students meet for physical education every-other day.
Students meet for prayer and praise around the flag pole before school begins for the day.
Students meet for seminars, and write a paper under the guidance of a Temple coordinator.
Students meet for three hours each morning, five days a week.
Students meet for three informational seminars throughout the semester D .
Students meet for three lectures and one three-hour lab per week.
Students meet for two hours and parents join for the last hour.
Students meet four of their assigned classes on one day and the rest the second day.
Students meet four times a year for four concentrated days.
Students meet frequently and informally with faculty advisors.
Students meet frequently for group seminars and discussions.
Students meet frequently with faculty for assistance in planning their learning opportunities.
Students meet goals.
Students meet guest speakers and attend field trips in the related fields.
Students meet here daily to complete assignments and research projects.
Students meet here to study, hold discussions and just hang out.
Students meet homeless people.
Students meet hospital personnel and tour their departments.
Students meet hundreds of local fish, crabs, shrimp and shellfish.
Students meet in a classroom once a month to discuss their work placement.
Students meet in a seminar format for on-going discussion of their individual projects.
Students meet in a small group, led by one or two facilitators, once each week for an hour.
Students meet in a warehouse across the street from the church for arts classes.
Students meet in a weekly seminar with coordinator.
Students meet in classroom followed by outdoor session.
Students meet in classrooms at their respective institutions once a week.
Students meet in cyberspace instead of the student union building.
Students meet in discussion groups before and after lecturer's visit.
Students meet in groups of six, and see patients regularly.
Students meet in groups to discuss assigned readings and complete two essay assignments.
Students meet in program seminars with the director throughout the program.
Students meet in Rome to explore the meaning of service.
Students meet in seminar format to discuss experiences encountered in work place.
Students meet in seminar format to discuss key problems of effective experimental research.
Students meet in seminar-fashion both in the traditional as well as virtual classroom.
Students meet in small groups and have didactic presentations.
Students meet in small groups every other week where skills are introduced.
Students meet in small groups for four hours a week including instruction in the computer center.
Students meet in small groups for ninety minute of instruction in reading and writing each day.
Students meet in small groups for sitting and walking meditation sessions and discussion.
Students meet in small groups that are mentored by one or more faculty or staff.
Students meet in small groups to compare the things that they found to aid or hinder breathing.
Students meet in small groups to discuss each lecture with a faculty facilitator.
Students meet in small groups to discuss the core book they are reading.
Students meet in small groups to share drawings and discuss their experiences.
Students meet in small groups with certificated staff members during the regular school day.
Students meet in small groups with peers and a teacher.
Students meet in small groups with the librarian for the three-hour lab.
Students meet in small groups with their group leader over lunch to receive individual feedback.
Students meet in small groups with their teacher in order to accelerate their learning.
Students meet in the afternoons for two additional hours of instruction.
Students meet in the garden under a sycamore tree.
Students meet in the gym and generally split into two groups to play.
Students meet in the Gym and work with weight training equipment to build strength.
Students meet in their small groups to discuss the article.
Students meet in three two- hour sessions each week.
Students meet in three, two-hour sessions each week.
Students meet in workshop seminar while pursuing their thesis projects.
Students meet in workshops to respond to one another's writing.
Students meet in workshops to respond to one another's writings.
Students meet independantly with instructor.
Students meet independently with instructor.
Students meet individually and in groups to discuss their concerns.
Students meet individually and in small groups for transitional and placement counseling.
Students meet individually with a counselor to discuss their goals, objectives and major interest.
Students meet individually with a reading teacher for a half hour daily.
Students meet individually with instructor throughout the semester.
Students meet individually with instructor throughout the term.
Students meet individually with the instructor during the final session.
Students meet individually with the instructor several hours a week.
Students meet individually with the instructor.
Students meet individually with the substance abuse counselor bi-weekly.
Students meet individually with their advisors and get their letters in person.
Students meet individually with their mentors by appointment six times each year.
Students meet individually with their professors to plan and develop conference projects.
Students meet individually with their retreat director each day.
Students meet informally to share their experiences as well as study and coping skills ideas.
Students meet learn goals.
Students meet mental obstacles in five science areas along the course.
Students meet monthly during the activity period and also twice a month after school.
Students meet monthly in small groups for assessment and evaluation purposes in regional sites.
Students meet monthly to discuss ways to improve their school and show support for one another.
Students meet monthly to work on caring for the environment they live in.
Students meet new friends and learn to read charts, plot courses allowing for wind and weather.
Students meet new people and make new friends.
Students meet objectives through hands-on production and theory application.
Students meet occasionally with the director and keep a diary of their work.
Students meet on a group basis in a seminar class one day per week with the program coordinator.
Students meet on a regular basis to discuss concerns and issues and organize events.
Students meet on a regular basis to review work and critique each others work.
Students meet on a regular basis with faculty for guidance and ongoing assessment.
Students meet on a tutorial basis with the instructor.
Students meet on an individual basis with the instructor.
Students meet on campus specific dates that are listed below.
Students meet on campus.
Students meet on seminar basis to discuss and define problems for investigation.
Students meet on site at least five times during the semester.
Students meet once a month for an intensive three-day weekend in the classroom.
Students meet once a month to enjoy math activities.
Students meet once a month with designated faculty advisors.
Students meet once a semester to read a selected novel authored by an African-American.
Students meet once a week after school divided into sections of woodwinds, brass and percussion.
Students meet once a week and conduct studies about a wide range of scientific topics.
Students meet once a week for an hour and a half for ten weeks each semester.
Students meet once a week for lectures on volcanology as well as cultural aspects about the island.
Students meet once a week for two hours.
Students meet once a week to discuss current publications of relevance.
Students meet once a week to integrate theory with practice.
Students meet once a week to share strategies and offer support.
Students meet once a week with a faculty sponsor to discuss the research experience.
Students meet once a week with the PE resource teacher.
Students meet once a week, with a teacher sponsor, to read and write poetry.
Students meet once a week.
Students meet once or twice a week to prepare for competitions after school.
Students meet once or twice each week.
Students meet once weekly during recreation to share strategies for solving math problems.
Students meet one day a week for four hours.
Students meet one evening and two mornings each week for rehearsal.
Students meet one hour after school once a week during the school year.
Students meet one morning per week before school to solve math problems and play math games.
Students meet one night per week throughout the program.
Students meet one to two class periods per week at their respective schools.
Students meet one weekend a month for ten months of the year, for a two year period.
Students meet onsite a minimum of two times during the semester.
Students meet or exceed high academic standards.
Students Meet other students studying the same subjects.
Students Meet our students.
Students meet out of class on a weekly contact basis.
Students meet people and discover local cultures and communities along th expedition routes.
Students meet people in the marine industry and peddle their resumes.
Students meet periodically and can be involved with other activities.
Students meet periodically as a group to discuss research in progress.
Students meet periodically as a group with the internship supervisor.
Students meet periodically throughout the school year to prepare for the trip.
Students meet periodically with faculty advisers during the internship period.
Students meet periodically with supervising faculty to review results.
Students meet periodically with their academic directors to review individual achievements.
Students meet physically at a particular site and given time.
Students meet politicians and filmmakers, journalists, jurists and businessmen.
Students meet primarily with one instructor in a classroom setting.
Students meet regular deadlines and work on projects of their own design.
Students meet regularly as a group with the instructor, and individually with a faculty advisor.
Students meet regularly in a classroom that is equipped with a television set and a telephone.
Students meet regularly in seminars and are led by a trained mentor.
Students meet regularly in seminars led by a trained mentor.
Students meet regularly once or twice a week with a tutor who has succeeded in the same class.
Students meet regularly to discuss their work in progress.
Students meet regularly to discuss together their progress and problems.
Students meet regularly to hear professional women speak about their career paths and experiences.
Students meet regularly to join in a drum group and an outfit-making class.
Students meet regularly to learn about how to take care of themselves and their babies.
Students meet regularly to practice and there is keen competition to get onto the team.
Students meet regularly to share information about their respective placements.
Students meet regularly to share information and present project outcomes.
Students meet regularly to sponsor programs of common interest and provide networking opportunities.
Students meet regularly with a faculty adviser.
Students meet regularly with an advisor and submit a written report at the end of the internship.
Students meet regularly with an advisor and submit a written report at the end of the training.
Students meet regularly with program faculty.
Students meet regularly with the instructor for discussion of readings and work experience.
Students meet regularly with the program adviser to plan their course of study.
Students meet regularly with the supervising instructor.
Students meet regularly with their advisers to discuss academic programs and progress.
Students meet regularly with their advisers to discuss academic programs and their progress.
Students meet regularly with their advisors for guidance in setting up their curricula.
Students meet regularly with their faculty advisor in individual or small group settings.
Students meet regularly with their supervisors.
Students meet regularly, usually once a week, in seminars under the guidance of trained mentors.
Students meet separately in the evenings and are led by student co-leaders.
Students meet several times a semester on campus in addition to their teaching responsibilities.
Students meet several times a week after school.
Students meet special requirements in specific Pharmacy and Bachelor of Fine Arts majors.
Students meet the defendant after finishing preliminary research.
Students meet the original doll and participate in map making and written exercises.
Students meet the people who are making business happen on an international scale.
Students meet the people who are making the dream of space exploration come alive.
Students meet the power brokers and decision makers shaping the American newspaper industry.
Students meet the professor individually in appointments.
Students meet the specific requirements of both degrees.
Students meet the specific requirements of each degree.
Students meet their advisors during the first week of classes.
Students meet their horsepower.
Students meet their partners outside of class for informal discussion and friendship.
Students meet their peer advisors during the first week of orientation to the university.
Students meet their professors and receive textbooks, reading packets, and course outlines.
Students meet their teachers and re-acquaint with friends.
Students meet three hours per week with a tutor.
Students meet three to five times per week with each specialist.
Students meet three to four times a week for training, groups with freshmen and staffing.
Students meet to challenge themselves in logic and problem solving activities.
Students meet to discuss common interests, concerns, networking and other valuable information.
Students meet to discuss one another's research proposals and to critique work in progress.
Students meet to discuss their responses to the books they read as well as special literary topics.
Students meet to discuss various philosophical topics.
Students meet to get help with homework or just to get a jump start on their evening's homework.
Students meet to play informal games of chess for fun and to improve skills.
Students meet to share prior travel experiences and tips.
Students meet together weekly to discuss their experiences in the internship placement.
Students meet together, but graduate students have extra assignments.
Students meet tutors and confirm tutoring schedules.
Students meet twice a week before school to learn jazz through performance.
Students meet twice a week with a faculty tutor.
Students meet twice a year at plenary to amend and re-ratify the honor code.
Students meet twice each week for thirty minute periods with the music teacher.
Students meet twice per week for one semester.
Students meet twice with faculty preceptors in small groups to discuss their observations.
Students meet two times a month to plan the radio program, school newspaper, and school-wide events.
Students meet two times a week to learn about themselves and others in the community.
Students meet weekly for an in-depth study of urban youth ministry.
Students meet weekly for prayer and share time, monthly for Bible study and business meetings.
Students meet weekly for roundtable discussions of literary themes, styles, and purposes.
Students meet weekly in small groups with select faculty members to learn how to succeed in college.
Students meet weekly in their home school.
Students meet weekly in their tutorials to work with their project groups.
Students meet weekly to discuss timely issues and then journey into New York City two days a week.
Students meet weekly to practice problems and strategize math contests.
Students meet weekly to prepare for competition at the local, state and national level.
Students meet weekly to share their thoughts, experiences, and problems.
Students meet weekly to solve a challenging programming problem.
Students meet weekly with a member of the faculty, who also serves as their academic advisor.
Students meet weekly with an advisor to discuss the material.
Students meet weekly with an experienced instructor and again with their assigned study group.
Students meet weekly with faculty and peers to discuss their internship experiences.
Students meet weekly with faculty during the month to discuss goals and objectives.
Students meet weekly with faculty to cover course topics.
Students meet weekly with faculty to review their progress.
Students meet weekly with instructor and discuss their work activities.
Students meet weekly with the children at the school and participate in one social activity a month.
Students meet weekly with the course tutor to go over drafts and revisions.
Students meet weekly with their buddy and monthly group activies are offered on campus.
Students meet weekly with their project manager.
Students meet weekly with their teachers for home assignments in the required subject areas.
Students meet whenever there is a mediation request.
Students meet with a counselor as part of new student orientation.
Students meet with a counselor to make preliminary post-graduation plans.
Students meet with a faculty advisor to assist with program design.
Students meet with a financial aid officer to discuss circumstances and eligibility for the loan.
Students meet with a gifted support teacher approximately two and one half hours per week.
Students meet with a house teacher and a parent to discuss their progress and set goals to improve.
Students meet with a local judge to discuss the court system and the rule of law.
Students meet with a local water expert to share their research and learn more about water issues.
Students meet with a teacher one hour, once a week.
Students meet with a tutor three hours per week in addition to practicing with audio cassettes.
Students meet with a tutor two hours per week.
Students meet with academic advisers and register for their fall courses at that time.
Students meet with advisers to develop planned programs designed to meet individual needs.
Students meet with advisors for academic assistance with major and course selection.
Students meet with advisors to develop planned programs designed to meet individual needs.
Students meet with advisors when they arrive on campus and during scheduled advising weeks.
Students meet with all industrial design faculty at the end of the semester.
Students meet with an academic advisor in individual counseling sessions.
Students meet with an academic skills counselor for an assessment of their learning needs.
Students meet with an adviser to discuss selected topics from the current literature.
Students meet with an adviser to tailor an individual degree plan to suit their needs.
Students meet with an advisor and discuss book selections.
Students meet with an advisor prior to every semester's registration.
Students meet with an advisor prior to registration to discuss career options and to plan a program.
Students meet with and have an opportunity to raise issues and ask questions.
Students meet with attorneys and support staff bi-weekly during the school year.
Students meet with business community leaders to discuss international aspects of their companies.
Students meet with class once a week.
Students meet with clients throughout the term.
Students meet with college reps on appointment or drop-in basis.
Students meet with community leaders while building their leadership portfolios.
Students meet with concentration advisors in their departmental offices.
Students meet with counselors on a weekly or bi-weekly basis.
Students meet with counselors to develop an individual plan of support services.
Students meet with different teachers for social studies, math, science, and English.
Students meet with different teachers in the two classes.
Students meet with faculty during specific published hours.
Students meet with faculty on a regular basis and learn about their interests and research.
Students meet with faculty to design, execute, analyze, and report on their experience.
Students meet with faculty to discuss an individual course plan that best fits their needs.
Students meet with faculty, talk with academic advisors, and register for fall semester classes.
Students meet with graduate student instructors once weekly to discuss course readings and lectures.
Students meet with groups active in housing issues and talked with an urban hermit.
Students meet with GSIs once weekly to discuss course readings and lectures.
Students meet with guest authors and illustrators.
Students meet with individual advisors.
Students meet with instructor and adviser in their department to plan the senior thesis.
Students meet with instructor at the end of the semester for discussion of assigned work.
Students meet with instructor on a weekly basis for discussion of progress.
Students meet with instructor to discuss the significance of what they have seen.
Students meet with instructors at a mutually convenient time for one half-hour lesson per week.
Students meet with instructors in conference to work on individual writing problems.
Students meet with instructors six to eight hours a day, depending on the program.
Students meet with instructors.
Students meet with local affordable housing providers and consumers in preparing final project.
Students meet with mentors at a place and time that is mutually convenient.
Students meet with most concentration advisors in their departmental offices.
Students meet with one of the PE specialists once a week for thirty minutes.
Students meet with other interns once a week to analyze political dynamics within their placements.
Students meet with other students and the instructor on line.
Students meet with pharmacists from across the state.
Students meet with professors, administrators and other students.
Students meet with sponsors during the school day.
Students meet with staff members on a regular basis to determine progress and set new goals.
Students meet with supervising faculty weekly to review their progress.
Students meet with T.A.s once weekly to discuss course readings and lectures.
Students meet with teacher to discuss small-group plans.
Students meet with teachers.
Students meet with team leaders to discuss project assignments for the remainder of the period.
Students meet with the chef to discuss the menu, then evaluate the restaurant s overall operation.
Students meet with the course instructor for an exit interview during finals week.
Students meet with the field coordinator in the semester prior to their placement to select options.
Students meet with the instructor a minimum of one day per week.
Students meet with the instructor at prearranged times to discuss progress and learning outcomes.
Students meet with the instructor in order to ask questions and clarify concepts.
Students meet with the instructor only for progress evaluation and direction.
Students meet with the instructor to discuss the significance of what they have seen.
Students meet with the mathematics education faculty for seminars, discussions, and demonstrations.
Students meet with the student teaching coordinator on campus at least twice during the semester.
Students meet with the teacher in small classes at least one period each week.
Students meet with their academic advisor at least once each semester.
Students meet with their adviser at least once a quarter.
Students meet with their adviser at least once a term and at other times as needed.
Students meet with their advisers regularly.
Students meet with their advisers to discuss course choices for the next and future terms.
Students meet with their advisor and a small group of peers on a regular basis.
Students meet with their advisor during advisee period several times per week.
Students meet with their advisors a minimum of twice a year.
Students meet with their advisors during the pre-registration process each semester.
Students meet with their advisors each week to insure that their learning is proceeding smoothly.
Students meet with their advisors for scheduling assistance and approval of course selections.
Students meet with their advisors on a regular basis at least once each quarter.
Students meet with their advisors on a regular basis.
Students meet with their advisors prior to registering for courses.
Students meet with their advisors regularly, and relationships are often close.
Students meet with their advisors regularly.
Students meet with their advisors to discuss course prerequisites and suitable placement sites.
Students meet with their advisors to discuss their academic progress and career plans.
Students meet with their advisors to plan a course of specialized study.
Students meet with their advisory committees yearly to discuss progress.
Students meet with their assigned faculty advisers.
Students meet with their career counselor at least once a term.
Students meet with their clients and discuss the merits of the appeals.
Students meet with their conversation parteners outside of class to share cultural experiences.
Students meet with their couselor each year to review plans and select appropriate courses.
Students meet with their emphasis advisers throughout the semester to discuss the seminars.
Students meet with their faculty advisers to plan their individual course of study.
Students meet with their faculty director of studies on a regular basis.
Students meet with their faculty team four times during the program.
Students meet with their homeroom advisors during first and fifth periods.
Students meet with their instructor for orientation information and testing.
Students meet with their instructors for individual conferences three times a quarter.
Students meet with their interdisciplinary project supervisor as needed.
Students meet with their major adviser at least once a quarter.
Students meet with their mentors a minimum of once a month during the school year.
Students meet with their mentors once a week at school.
Students meet with their original partners and revise their predictions as needed.
Students meet with their project advisors for help in course selection.
Students meet with their research advisor on an individualized basis.
Students meet with their respective administrators to explain the reason that they are tardy.
Students meet with their respective advisors during the advising cycle of each semester.
Students meet with their teacher twice monthly.
Students meet with their teams and negotiate with other teams outside of class .
Students meet with their tutor in small groups.
Students meet with TMXinteractive representatives.
Students meet with tutors but there are no lectures.
Students meet with tutors each week for regular scheduled appointments.
Students meet with tutors for enrichment, remediation, or a helpful bit of personal attention.
Students meet with tutors for one hour sessions each week.
Students meet with university advisors for admission counseling or interviews.
Students meet with volunteers for casual discussion on topics of their choice.
Students meet, eat and discuss books they have chosen to read together.
Students memorize and choreograph gestures to augment the oral interpretation.
Students memorize and perform standard pop and jazz literature.
Students memorize and practice a set of strategies that march along with the facts of the moment.
Students memorize and recite a poem each month.
Students memorize spelling words using color techniques.
Students memorize the correct spelling for words through movement education.
Students memorize The Shorter Catechism and write an essay on an assigned topic.
Students memorize their numbers effortlessly.
Students mentor other students, and teachers facilitate independent learning.
Students merely complete the competencies in less time.
Students merely point to the item that the teacher says.
Students merely take what they want to learn in a short time.
Students merely walk to an adjacent room the change classes.
Students mess up.
Students methodically dilute their mixture, learning about parts per million and parts per billion .
Students mill about the room until they think they've found their partner.
Students mimic each other, especially when disapproved behavior is involved.
Students mingle and make polite requests or ask permission of others in class.
Students mingle in the chairs surrounding the piano, laugh and chit-chat.
Students mingle in the midst of crowds and music.
Students mingle with each other similar to a cocktail party.
Students minister what they have received in the classroom weekly to a lost and dying world.
Students minoring in English take a minimum of five upper-level courses.
Students misbehaving is a disruption.
Students misrepresent their work by handing in the work of someone else.
Students miss a cohesive life here.
Students miss afternoon classes when they participate in outside activities.
Students miss deadlines because they're waiting for renewal applications to come.
Students miss fewer days of school, and their scores on standardized tests improve.
Students miss more material if they are absent for one day.
Students miss much information that is given in the classroom setting if they are absent.
Students miss passing the weekly spelling test or the English exam by one point.
Students miss points on assignments because of careless mistakes.
Students miss tests.
Students miss the hugs, support, and, yes, even the discipline, from their parents.
Students miss too much class to participate in activities.
Students miss too much school.
Students missing a class are responsible for completing any assignments, readings, etc.
Students missing a class are responsible for completing any exercises, readings, etc.
Students missing a class are responsible for obtaining class notes from a classmate.
Students missing a lecture are responsible for obtaining missed notes from another student .
Students missing an exam or quiz can expect a grade of zero for it.
Students missing class are responsible for confirming assignments.
Students missing class for any reason are responsible for obtaining all information covered.
Students missing classes are responsible for all information presented.
Students missing more than four class sessions can expect to have their final grade reduced.
Students missing more than one class session can expect to have their final grade reduced.
Students missing more than three classes for any reason are in danger of failing the course.
Students missing theory presentations are responsible for obtaining material and assignments.
Students missing three or more classes is subject to a failing grade.
Students misunderstand basic definitions.
Students mix and pair with a new partner, continuing the process until they guess who they are.
Students mix and pair with a new partner.
Students mix and spread mortar, lay brick and block, level, plumb, in-range, and build corners.
Students mix around the room and trade cards.
Students mix attendance in classes with calls to businesses or calculations of potential savings.
Students mix happily with all generations and there is widespread use of city bikes.
Students mix oatmeal and water and apply to their faces as a mask or scrub.
Students mix the plaster by walking through it with their bare feet.
Students model a conversation about sexual behavior.
Students model moon phases using a flashlight and a racquet ball.
Students model one day - a single earth rotation.
Students model positive understanding and relationships with people from other cultures.
Students model repeating patterns with counters or pennies.
Students model sediment deposition from flooding, testing hypotheses with their data.
Students model subtraction with two-color chips by adding pairs of red and yellow chips.
Students model the interaction between nerves and muscle sarcomeres.
Students model the professional behavior of the mentors.
Students model their own writing activities by observing the teacher's writing.
Students moderately research their ancient civilizations use of the kite.
Students modify the bed and breakfast to better meet the needs of their clients.
Students modify the floor plan to show changes.
Students modify the scope or direction of a question.
Students modify their vehicles to increase speed.
Students monitor activity of a number of regulatory agencies in the state of California.
Students monitor and correct network system problems in s lab environment.
Students monitor and correct problems in a lab environment.
Students monitor and discuss political and cultural events worldwide.
Students monitor and evaluate their own work.
Students monitor and seek to maximize their own learning process.
Students monitor cardiovascular endurance to encourage improvement in fitness.
Students monitor changes in pulsation rate, record and analyze data and then release the jellyfish.
Students monitor current events using on-line and traditional resources.
Students monitor each other's behavior with respect.
Students monitor nest boxes, band ducks, and ducklings, and use telemetry to track brood survival.
Students monitor roads that they travel to and from school.
Students monitor the oscillating reaction and watch for the blue to turn back to red.
Students monitor their own behavior.
Students monitor their personal water usage for a twenty four hour period.
Students monitor their progress through self-assessment exercises at the end of every chapter.
Students monitor water in a selected location.
Students monitor water quality locally and evaluate trends within the watershed.
Students monitor water use again.
Students most enter the correct answer to advance their runner.
Students mostly use the system to explore.
Students mount the mirror flat on a wall with masking tape.
Students move about the room, accepting responsibility for where and how they work.
Students move about their academic day among the same five teachers.
Students move about their academic day among the same three, four or five teachers.
Students move about within the boundaries utilizing general space.
Students move ahead on the basis of mastery.
Students move ahead on the trail each time they collect ten bones.
Students move around the classroom, and get different information from each station.
Students move around the room reflecting a level of comfort and ownership.
Students move around to get a sense of the beat and the mood of the travel.
Students move at a pace that is commensurate with their ability.
Students move at their own pace and are honored for achieving their own challenging goals.
Students move at their own pace with individualized phonics lessons.
Students move at their own pace.
Students move at their pace to improve their typing skills.
Students move back and forth between institutions for a variety of reasons.
Students move back to their cooperative groups.
Students move beyond a particular problem by generalizing to other situations.
Students move beyond a particular problem by generalizing to othersituations.
Students move beyond expectations to new levels of comprehension and competence.
Students move beyond the classroom and use work situations as laboratories for learning.
Students move beyond the status quo.
Students move beyond the theoretical as they seek careers outside the classroom.
Students move by classes to physical education programs.
Students move continuously while learning how to use muscles and to work cooperatively with others.
Students move falling letters to the left and right to spell words.
Students move forward at their own speed, with close supervision by the field instructors.
Students move freely between buildings.
Students move from a singular and personal perspective to an expanded world view.
Students move from an environment where they knew their fellow classmates and teachers.
Students move from class to class, and from teacher to teacher.
Students move from classroom to cafeteria to playground in quiet, orderly lines.
Students move from lab to lab at the end of each segment.
Students move from mixed pairs to small groups to larger ones and finally to a nightly mass meeting.
Students move from one level to the next with minimum stress.
Students move from one posture to another in a continual flow and link movements to breath.
Students move from one station to another until all the stations are completed.
Students move from reading short, simple words they sound out to reading by themselves.
Students move from station to station following the teacher's prescribed procedures.
Students move from station to station performing the estimation and measurement activities.
Students move from the requirements analysis, through a design phase, to final implementation.
Students move from the simple to complex in regards to forms, procedures, and accounting problems.
Students move from their dorms to the lawn in rain, sleet, or snow.
Students move from transparent watercolor and washes into acrylic and other media.
Students move groups several times.
Students move in and out of leadership roles.
Students move in and out of sessions as needed, depending on their outside demands.
Students move in and out of the program all year.
Students move in time to the music and with control.
Students move into a more formal study of the language in the upper grades.
Students move into a variety of positions, in a variety of types of companies.
Students move into new homes, amend schedules and purchase all needed supplies.
Students move into residential colleges.
Students move objects in glasses filled with water by placing magnets on the outside.
Students move off-campus for several reasons.
Students move on the board according to how many homeworks they pass in.
Students move on to investigate how current varies with changes to voltage or resistance.
Students move on with a new confidence in their ability and potential.
Students move one computer to the right or left and respond within the author's document.
Students move rapidly from formal education to the workplace.
Students move slowly off the bus, getting ready to start the new year.
Students move swiftly through the buffet-style line, choosing what they want.
Students move their fingers to the tune or rhythm.
Students move their musher markers along accordingly.
Students move through a continuum of goal identification to apprenticeship placements.
Students move through a problem-solving process.
Students move through and beyond the literature.
Students move through checklists of accomplished skills like a catechism.
Students move through five levels of books with level five at grade level reading.
Students move through levels of increasing complexity and self-initiation.
Students move through natural phases of development and learning potential.
Students move through stations and practice using binoculars, observation skills and field guides.
Students move through the core courses together.
Students move through the curriculum as a cohort.
Students move through the curriculum as a learning cohort for the entire three years.
Students move through the first fall and spring semesters as a cohort.
Students move through the obstacle course.
Students move through the program at different rates.
Students move through the program at their own pace within guidelines established by the department.
Students move through the program at their own pace.
Students move through the program in a cohort.
Students move through the program together in lock-step fashion.
Students move through three levels of courses to meet the general education requirement.
Students move tiles on the screen to represent algebraic expressions.
Students move to a group that has a different picture.
Students move to cooperative groups.
Students move to higher levels as their ability improves.
Students move to music rooms for their piano lesson, cello, violin or saxophone.
Students move to teacher suggested pairs and location in classroom.
Students move to teacher-suggested pairs and location in classroom.
Students move to the corner that best represents their opinions.
Students move to the front of the room with only their book, while the Teacher moves the desks back.
Students move to the station that is now written in the log.
Students move to the various stations to do the activities.
Students move towards fluency through immersion in a variety of natural, everyday living situations.
Students move up to new groups all the time.
Students move water using containers, pipes and tubes.
Students move well beyond the textbook, and learn from first hand exposure to environmental issues.
Students moving into higher education are also better prepared for the future.
Students much identify issues and sort out what they are.
Students mustunderstand what they know and when that knowledge is useful.
Students mut have access to the Internet to facilitate demonstrating and using software.
Students mut master the principles and techniques to earn their degrees.
Students name a given mark shown on a ruler.
Students name all people and objects in the picture.
Students name coins as decimal parts of one dollar.
Students name each class based on the trait used to divide the objects.
Students name the category.
Students name the metre or metre changes as they listen to recorded or perform ed musical pieces.
Students name the metre or metre changes as they listen to recorded or performed musical pieces.
Students name the object, provide a description and then add text if they choose.
Students name their constellation and write the name on their paper in chalk.
Students name their own prices for their art.
Students narrate, play the background music, and provide artwork.
Students naturally know how to respond to each other's writing.
Students naturally place a priority on work presented to the public.
Students naturally test boundaries.
Students navigate logically around the materials they choose.
Students navigate the CD-ROM by clicking on icons to get from one investigation to the next.
Students navigate the pages and areas using buttons on an always present control panel.
Students navigate the program using simple graphic prompts.
Students navigate through images, maps, floor plans, and descriptive text.
Students navigate through pages sequentially.
Students nee to be challenged to develop their full potential.
Students need adults.
Students need attention.
Students need education.
Students need effort.
Students need experience.
Students need extra effort.
Students need guidance.
Students need materials.
Students need medical attention.
Students need more challenge materials.
Students need special attention.
Students need to tests.
Students needing academic credit thru internships can apply.
Students needing addition help with class assignments can request tutorial assistance.
Students needing additional help with class assignments can request tutorial assistance.
Students needing computers for course related research have preference at all times.
Students needing copies for a school assignment are exempt from paying for copies.
Students needing spaces or rentals are a regular part of the business.
Students needing to do research have first priority.
Students needing to use a computer have the choice of several locations on campus.
Students needing to use adaptive equipment have priority.
Students needing writing assistance can drop by or call ext.
Students needlessly duplicate efforts and spend time tangled in bureaucracy.
Students needs and objectives determine major emphasis.
Students needs some savvy to interpret clues, and access to tools to check hypotheses.
Students needs time to study.
Students needs to access the best learning experience from multiple universities.
Students needs to be identified that can profit from remedial and corrective teaching.
Students needs vary widely according to their circumstances.
Students negotiate a mock franchising agreement.
Students negotiate a treaty with the principal.
Students negotiate acceptable group norms and behaviours for group activities.
Students negotiate compensation packages on an individual basis.
Students negotiate mock problems against each other based on a prepared set of facts.
Students negotiate project ideas and assessment criteria with teachers and community members.
Students negotiate salary with the companies who offer work terms.
Students negotiate the elective individually, in order to suit their particular requirements.
Students negotiate the nature of the new groups and the issues they represent.
Students negotiate the title with a supervisor.
Students negotiate their transfer of credits.
Students negotiate topics on their own.
Students never become full partners in the learning process.
Students never board or leave the bus through the emergency door unless there is an emergency.
Students never complete both the department and college academic audits.
Students never feel overwhelmed or bored with school.
Students never have direct access to sensitive data kept on secure computing systems.
Students never have to set foot on campus, even for registration.
Students never have to set foot on campus.
Students never know what to expect when they come to class.
Students never learn from technology.
Students never learn from the technology.
Students never pay a fee for network access on campus.
Students never seem to be very interested in local politics.
Students never share a system.
Students never walk into a classroom with an empty brain .
Students next complete a sequence of required and elective courses in health care management.
Students next concoct a hand lotion from besswax, borx and paraffin.
Students next crumple up the paper into a ball and throw it in the air.
Students next draw an overhead view of their room on paper.
Students next explore the affect of various parameters on the output laser light intensity.
Students next learn several techniques for estimating the area of regions of interest.
Students next move to creating floor plans and drawing elevations for windows.
Students nominate books for shortlists and then vote on the eventual winners.
Students nominate faculty for the award.
Students nominate the candidates for the award.
Students nominate themselves by completing the form on the Web.
Students nominate to participate and the activities are conducted if there is sufficient interest.
Students nonetheless have a right to request that directory information be kept confidential.
Students normally add courses by the telephone add procedure.
Students normally apply during spring each year for fall term admission.
Students normally apply for admission before pre-registration in the fall of the junior year.
Students normally apply for admission the first week of their junior year.
Students normally apply for intermediate status at the end of their freshman year.
Students normally apply for the co-op option during the second year of the program.
Students normally apply for their degree check in their final or penultimate semester.
Students normally apply to the program in their sophomore year.
Students normally apply to the second department during their first year of study here.
Students normally arrive at the school in two shifts.
Students normally attend and present their research results at national scientific meetings.
Students normally attend for one day and one evening each week.
Students normally attend summer camp between their junior and senior years of military science.
Students normally attend the university on two days each week.
Students normally attend the weekly junior tutorial in the first half of fall term.
Students normally begin enquiring and applying for courses about a year beforehand.
Students normally begin in the fall semester.
Students normally begin study in fall quarter only.
Students normally begin taking foreign language in the eighth grade.
Students normally begin their program in the fall.
Students normally begin their work with a summer session of introductory course work.
Students normally choose a concentration for which their undergraduate background is best suited.
Students normally choose a major field of study after their second year.
Students normally choose a sequence of four courses in a department or program other than French.
Students normally choose a sequence of four courses.
Students normally choose dissertation topics from aspects of their special subjects.
Students normally choose two to three business courses, Italian language, and an elective.
Students normally commence their studies in the fall semester.
Students normally commence work terms upon completion of the second year of the program.
Students normally compete in at least six rounds of debating.
Students normally complete at least two academic terms prior to their first paid work term.
Students normally complete course work in two years and the entire Ph.D. degree in four years.
Students normally complete each programme in one year.
Students normally complete four subjects in each semester.
Students normally complete six modules of course work across the autumn and spring term.
Students normally complete the CEC during their practicum year of the program.
Students normally complete the Ph.D. program in four to six years.
Students normally complete the third year of an Honours degree during the year abroad.
Students normally complete their degrees in three years.
Students normally complete their formal course work and begin research after two years.
Students normally complete their master's degree in two semesters, plus a final summer if necessary.
Students normally complete their master's degree requirements before doing their internship.
Students normally continue with further language studies in the second year.
Students normally decide upon their final degree scheme early in the second year.
Students normally declare their major during the Spring of their sophomore year.
Students normally defend a rough draft of the dissertation.
Students normally do a paper and share the results with the class.
Students normally do eight modules in total in each year.
Students normally do the equivalent of four half courses in the first year and two in the second.
Students normally eat lunch at a campus cafeteria or budget restaurant.
Students normally enrol in the year before they start their graduate studies.
Students normally enroll after their freshman year.
Students normally enroll for course work the equivalent of three hours of credit.
Students normally enroll for twelve credit hours per semester.
Students normally enroll for two credits, especially when beginning a new project.
Students normally enroll in nine courses per year during their first two years in the program.
Students normally enroll in the class during their last year in the major.
Students normally enter the program at the start of the junior year.
Students normally enter the program in the fall semester.
Students normally enter the program in the fall term.
Students normally enter the program in their sophomore year.
Students normally exchange for a year but semester exchanges are also available.
Students normally exchange in the second or third year of their degree.
Students normally expect to complete their degree program in four semesters.
Students normally express their preference for a research sponsor by the end of the year.
Students normally fill seasonal jobs and the turnover is fairly high.
Students normally find the internship opportunities on their own.
Students normally focus entirely on course work during the first year of the program.
Students normally follow two research skills units.
Students normally go on an exchange programme in their second or third year of study.
Students normally have a main supervisor and an associate supervisor.
Students normally have an independent research project.
Students normally have the greatest trouble with that.
Students normally have their own bedroom and study area.
Students normally have their own bedroom and study space.
Students normally have their own lab project.
Students normally have three or four class meetings per day.
Students normally have to attend for three evenings per week.
Students normally join the program in ninth grade and stay for four years.
Students normally leave thier e-mail discs with thier teaches for convenience.
Students normally link their projects to their option choice.
Students normally live in apartments, a few minutes walk from the university.
Students normally make an oral presentation.
Students normally make presentations in their final quarter in the program.
Students normally matriculate at the beginning of the fall semester.
Students normally meet in the evening once a week for three hours.
Students normally meet the requirement by taking one course from two of three categories.
Students normally meet the underclass as victims perhaps objectified by statistics and case studies.
Students normally outline a specific pattern of study with their graduate advisory committee.
Students normally participate as sophomores or juniors.
Students normally participate in service-learning projects during the academic year.
Students normally pass the doctoral candidacy examination during the third year.
Students normally pay fees in full when registering.
Students normally pay their own fees.
Students normally prepare for careers in business or education.
Students normally prepare for the general examination by taking the appropriate courses.
Students normally prepare their own breakfast and dinner at their apartment.
Students normally prepare their own breakfast and dinner in their apartment.
Students normally progress to the next higher level each semester.
Students normally progress to the next higher level each year.
Students normally provide bound copies for thesis committee members, as well.
Students normally qualify for academic studies at the university after one or two semesters.
Students normally receive one one-hour lesson each week.
Students normally receive one to three credits for each placement in the local community.
Students normally receive their Ph.D. at the end of their fourth or fifth year.
Students normally receive three credits upon successful completion of their project.
Students normally register for at least one honors course each semester.
Students normally register for their thesis in the last year of full-time studies.
Students normally register for up to two courses at a time.
Students normally remain with the same company for the entire industrial assignment.
Students normally rent private rooms and share a communal kitchen and bathrooms with other students.
Students normally request admission to either the astronomy section or the plasma physics section.
Students normally request letters from their adviser, other professors, and former employers.
Students normally request letters from their advisor, other professors, and former employers.
Students normally reserve a single or private room in a unit shared with other adult students.
Students normally resident overseas generally attend as full-timers.
Students normally return to the same employer for all co-op assignments.
Students normally select an academic major before completion of the second year of study.
Students normally select an advisor prior to admission.
Students normally select at least three options from within one subject area.
Students normally serve as interns in the state legislature or a government office.
Students normally sing one song or aria when they perform in joint repertory class.
Students normally sit in class in their assigned presentation groups.
Students normally spend a year to two at the school before moving on to a conventional high school.
Students normally spend each laboratory period in a different field.
Students normally spend five years in residence to complete the requirements.
Students normally spend the first year completing coursework and devote the second to the thesis.
Students normally spend the summer between the first and second years working on their thesis.
Students normally spend the year working for a single employer.
Students normally spend their third year working or studying in a French-speaking country.
Students normally spend three years in course work.
Students normally stay in the program for the duration of their education.
Students normally stay overnight in the homes of fellow students or local hotels.
Students normally study a combination of subjects from both faculties during the first four years.
Students normally study abroad during their junior year.
Students normally study four courses in each term.
Students normally study two options in each semester.
Students normally submit applications for admission directly to departments.
Students normally submit the dissertation prospectus before the end of the third year of study.
Students normally submit the dissertation prospectus some time during their third year of study.
Students normally take a combination of course work and write a short dissertation.
Students normally take a full complement of five courses per semester.
Students normally take a minimum of five years to complete the degree.
Students normally take a total of four units each year made up of half or whole units.
Students normally take at least three courses in their second year in the program.
Students normally take both papers in a single year.
Students normally take five courses each semester.
Students normally take five years to complete the Ph.D. program.
Students normally take four classes at four credits each semester.
Students normally take four courses that last across all three terms.
Students normally take fourteen courses, ten of which deal with texts in the chosen languages.
Students normally take internship during their junior year.
Students normally take nine courses per year.
Students normally take no more than three courses with any one mentor.
Students normally take one required English course per semester.
Students normally take seven classes each semester.
Students normally take seven graduate courses in management science.
Students normally take seven subjects.
Students normally take six classes plus physical education.
Students normally take statistics as well.
Students normally take the equivalent of twelve semester-long modules each year.
Students normally take the exam after their first full academic year of study.
Students normally take the exam during their fourth or fifth semester in residence.
Students normally take the exam in their fourth or fifth semester in residence.
Students normally take the Ph.D. examination at the end of the second year of doctoral studies.
Students normally take the science requirements in the order shown.
Students normally take the seminar during their junior or senior year.
Students normally take the theory prelim soon after completing the required theory courses.
Students normally take three courses per semester or a total of six courses per year.
Students normally take two BCSP courses in addition to three regular university courses.
Students normally underestimate the time required for writing the thesis.
Students normally undertake their internship experience during their final year of study.
Students normally undertake two modules each year.
Students normally volunteer between one and six hours per week.
Students normally wear very informal clothes such as jeans, shirts, sweaters and sports shoes.
Students normally work eight to ten hours per week.
Students normally work in groups of four in the three-hour laboratory block.
Students normally work in teams.
Students normally work ten hours per week.
Students normally work two hours per day.
Students normally work under an instructor within the field of their choice.
Students normally write the doctoral analytic paper or thesis during the fourth year.
Students note connections between one problem and another.
Students note differences between different types of flowers.
Students note families within the periodic table.
Students note frequency of topics, diversity of topics.
Students note that more employers are looking for employees who have been abroad.
Students note the connections between one problem and another.
Students note the motifs on the vessels and speculate as to the purpose of the vessel.
Students note their ideas and predictions concerning the task in their journals.
Students note their roots, dreams, obstacles, and training regime.
Students note what happens to the bread over a week and then draw conclusions.
Students note why the human body needs phytochemicals.
Students notice a reduction in their net pay.
Students notice everything a teacher does.
Students notice the difference.
Students notice the extra effort.
Students notice who gives the chair as well as who holds the chair.
Students notify firms of their decisions.
Students nourish healthy and growing spiritual lives through ministry and personal devotion.
Students now access their grades via a touch tone grade reporting system.
Students now are able to make appointment online.
Students now are calculator dependent and don t remember how to do long division.
Students now are more confident.
Students now are very anxious and are beginning to get restless, Some teachers are.
Students now arrange nature walks and educational programs promoting conservation and awareness.
Students now attend class at a school that, from the parking lot, looks like a construction zone.
Students now attend classes in Newcastle.
Students now attend four courses each quarter for four quarters each year.
Students now can choose where the bill is sent each time they visit the health center.
Students now can defer part of it.
Students now can make corrections to an aid application through the Internet.
Students now canlearn if a class is open or closed over the phone.
Students now come from all over the country and many different countries as well.
Students now come from all over the United States and many foreign lands.
Students now come from all over the world.
Students now come to labs prepared to perform the experiments and make less mistakes.
Students now compete in writing and advocacy programs in a variety of fields.
Students now complete calculations and graphs that used to take hours in a few seconds.
Students now complete the course evaluation questionnaire on the Web.
Students now create scriptwriting to tell others about that which they have researched.
Students now earn a paycheck, and pay bills and fines whenever necessary.
Students now enjoy more space, more equipment, and better facilities.
Students now expect university to fit in with their lives rather than the other way around.
Students now form a conclusion.
Students now get connectivity immediately.
Students now have a choice.
Students now have a copy machine in the media center.
Students now have a lot of wonderful opportunities to study abroad.
Students now have a much wider array of healthful and nutritious options than ever before.
Students now have a new dormitory and fine arts building second to none.
Students now have a new paved surface to play on.
Students now have a positive outlook and ambitions in life after school.
Students now have a powerful tool to check the accuracy of their work and their thinking.
Students now have a tool for predicting dinosaur running speeds.
Students now have a Web-based learning system as near as their personal computer.
Students now have access to a wealth of primary sources without leaving the comfort of campus.
Students now have access to an address book and on line look up for other Eastern email addresses.
Students now have access to an on-line registration system for registration and schedule changes.
Students now have access to CD-ROMs, computer software programs, and laser disks.
Students now have access to color printing.
Students now have access to library resource materials and homework assignments at home.
Students now have access to resources to research any occupation and any postsecondary institution.
Students now have access to the campus video, audio and phonographic collection through the lab.
Students now have access to the library, teachers, and world wide web.
Students now have access to the schools most suitable for their academic focus.
Students now have an area on the playground where they can work on their fitness.
Students now have an hypothesis, data and a conclusion and can practice writing a lab report.
Students now have cellular phones, computer lines and pagers.
Students now have choices.
Students now have hand-held technology on a par with much more expensive PC based software.
Students now have inadequate options.
Students now have incredible human resources at their fingertips.
Students now have knowledge of conventional methodologies for business software development.
Students now have minimal contact with staff.
Students now have more opportunity to get tickets at prices better suited to their needs.
Students now have more options.
Students now have more privacy and the page is easier to keep up to date.
Students now have no clue about the old days.
Students now have online options for evaluating teachers.
Students now have six meal plans from which to chose.
Students now have the capability to access daily loan check disbursements from the server.
Students now have the opportunity to learn to diagnose and repair computer problems.
Students now have the opportunity to take classes online .
Students now have the privilege of accessing their lockers at night.
Students now have their corrected mult-cult.
Students now have their own strategies for making judgments and decisions.
Students now have to ability to gain access to their mail from any Internet connected client.
Students now have to pay a proportion of tuition fees and provide their own living expenses.
Students now have to pay an Internet provider to access the network.
Students now have to pay for their own.
Students now have to shoulder a much higher percentage of their educational costs.
Students now have to take their garbage outside to dumpsters.
Students now have two additional means in which to complete the registration process.
Students now have two options from which to choose in completing their practicum experience.
Students now learn keyboarding instead of typing.
Students now live in apartments upstairs and special college events are held on the main floor.
Students now live with Italian families.
Students now make more informed course decisions and faculty receive valuable feedback.
Students now number several hundred and are found on five continents.
Students now pay for field trips at the same time they pay for their tuition.
Students now pay to take classes.
Students now pay tuition and fees based on the number of credit hours in which they enroll.
Students now read their poems aloud in turn.
Students now read three times the number of textbooks their grandparents did.
Students now receive a health exam three times a year, which includes immunizations.
Students now receive English, physics, mathematics, and chemistry instruction in the room.
Students now receive help and guidance from staff members working out of five service windows.
Students now run and work at four legal-aid clinics.
Students now say they have as many as two dozen team projects the first year.
Students now see education as an instrumental thing, to win a job or to get into graduate school.
Students now see how to use their knowledge in a practical and meaningful way.
Students now see the movie in class.
Students now shop for colleges and programs online.
Students now spend half their elementary education at city schools and half at suburban schools.
Students now spend more time on computer lab applications.
Students now take lunch in shifts.
Students now take seven or more years to finish their first degrees.
Students now take their exams on the computers.
Students now try to go to India or Cuba instead.
Students now turn their attention to producing an end product with their information and knowledge.
Students now type in everything from book reports to multiplication tables.
Students now use grease pencils and razor blades to edit tape into a final product.
Students now use the Internet on a regular basis.
Students now use the notes that they have made.
Students now view themselves as part of a successful academic team.
Students now wear sleepshades from eight to five, with an hour break at lunch if they wish.
Students now work in all provinces, Europe, the United States, and Asia.
Students nowadays are anxious to learn new techniques without mastering the ones they just learned.
Students nowadays ask for a bigger variety of subjects in the course of their study.
Students nowadays face a huge number of pressures.
Students nowadays have much more knowledge than students of previous times.
Students number a page from one to twenty.
Students number off and each number has a job associate with it.
Students number off in teams.
Students number their papers from one to eight.
Students number their papers from one to six.
Students object to the suggestion that the idealistic approach is necessarily unworkable.
Students objectively describe the artwork, taking inventory of what they saw, heard, or experienced.
Students observe a cup of water and a cup of olive oil and record their observation in a data table.
Students observe a demonstration on garbage incineration.
Students observe a model of the water cycle.
Students observe a mother and infant in the home setting for ten one-hour periods.
Students observe a plant to determine that soil provides plants with a place to anchor their roots.
Students observe a robotics demonstration.
Students observe a tornado from a traffic helicopter.
Students observe a turbine moved by hydro and wind power.
Students observe a variety of animal fossils and infer the animal associated with the fossil.
Students observe a variety of organisms, such as goldfish, snails, worms, and isopods.
Students observe a variety of plant fossils and infer the plant associated with the fossil.
Students observe activities in the clinic, hospital ward, operating room, and research laboratories.
Students observe activities.
Students observe actual adjudications and mediations and then are assigned their own real cases.
Students observe actual mediation and design simulations to hone their techniques.
Students observe actual trials and are instructed about the proceedings by the judge.
Students observe all regulations of the host institution.
Students observe an employee to learn about a particular career pathway or industry.
Students observe and actually practice in the lab.
Students observe and analyze systems at the population, community and ecosystem levels.
Students observe and analyze the stained patterns of DNA fragments separated by gel electrophoresis.
Students observe and apply theory under supervision at a local hospital.
Students observe and assess the child using a variety of observation techniques.
Students observe and assist elementary physical education teachers in actual classes.
Students observe and assist health care professionals at work.
Students observe and assist radiologic technologists with various procedures.
Students observe and assume duties and responsibilities relating to hospice care.
Students observe and check the output themselves.
Students observe and classify plants and animals according to internal and external features.
Students observe and classify rocks according to their properties.
Students observe and classify seeds and learn their parts.
Students observe and compare early events in animal development.
Students observe and compare the growth and life cycles of the different organisms.
Students observe and describe numerous specimens using microscopes.
Students observe and describe the characteristics of a particular fruit.
Students observe and describe the organization of multicellular organisms.
Students observe and describe the patterns that form.
Students observe and describe transmission of various forms of energy.
Students observe and describe what happens.
Students observe and develop sermon skills that serve as a basis for ministry in today's culture.
Students observe and discuss spiders in the classroom.
Students observe and draw dividing cells, blastula, gastrula, and plutei.
Students observe and draw the chrysalis and speculate on what is happening to their caterpillars.
Students observe and identify birds to help university researchers establish migratory patterns.
Students observe and infer what happens when matter interacts.
Students observe and interview an expert in the field, then present their findings to the class.
Students observe and investigate different plant-originated foods, and learn about plant parts.
Students observe and list general attributes of design and the design process.
Students observe and measure their shadow at two different times a day.
Students observe and participate for one hour a week in assigned schools.
Students observe and participate for two hours per week in an early childhood laboratory setting.
Students observe and participate in area schools.
Students observe and participate in elementary classrooms.
Students observe and participate in public school teaching activities.
Students observe and perform diagnostic radiologic procedures.
Students observe and read about earthworms to learn about their connection to plant roots and soils.
Students observe and record changes in the weather, the seasons, and plant life.
Students observe and record changes of gobstoppers in water.
Students observe and record data on life processes of various marine life.
Students observe and record growth over time.
Students observe and record how the plants grow and develop.
Students observe and record information on the conditions of marine life before and after pollution.
Students observe and record on their draft map different local land uses during the trip.
Students observe and record properties of the packing pieces.
Students observe and record the temperature changes of different materials in both sun and shade.
Students observe and report on various types of retail establishments.
Students observe and teach at two different levels.
Students observe and teach in at least two grade levels and usually two school settings.
Students observe and teach math lessons in an elementary classroom for a minimum of six hours.
Students observe and teach mathematics lessons in a classroom for a minimum of six clock hours.
Students observe and teach science lessons in a classroom for a minimum of six clock hours.
Students observe and teach science lessons in an elementary classroom for a minimum of six hours.
Students observe and teach social studies lessons in a classroom for a minimum of six clock hours.
Students observe and work informally with the children.
Students observe and work with children and teach three lessons.
Students observe and work with children in a classroom setting as part of their study.
Students observe aquatic systems on selected streams or rivers.
Students observe areas on or near their school grounds to locate evidence of change.
Students observe at and participate in at schools.
Students observe at elementary, middle, and secondary schools.
Students observe changes in the pupils of their eyes by looking through paper tubes.
Students observe civil and criminal litigation from the judicial perspective.
Students observe classes for the gifted and talented.
Students observe classes, plan and implement lessons.
Students observe classrooms in action at area schools and attend seminars to discuss their findings.
Students observe classrooms.
Students observe clinicians providing direct patient care.
Students observe currents, tides, waves, ocean bottom features and marine life.
Students observe demonstrations and lessons to study ways to give form to their expressions.
Students observe development.
Students observe different kinds of fabrics by matching cloth squares placed inside feely boxes.
Students observe duckweed in a small container.
Students observe each other and identify similarities and differences.
Students observe earthquakes on a world map and explore their origins.
Students observe effective teachers using instructional management strategies.
Students observe effects.
Students observe examples of behavior of marine organisms.
Students observe examples of erosion and compaction on the school grounds.
Students observe familiar phenomena with emphasis on hands-on activities.
Students observe family physicians delivering ongoing medical care to a broad spectrum of patients.
Students observe firsthand what class instruction has reviewed in theory.
Students observe for three days and record their observations.
Students observe general aspects of private practice from a longitudinal perspective.
Students observe growing plants to test their hypotheses.
Students observe hamster behavior, noting any patterns of behavior or activity.
Students observe houses in their school's neighborhood.
Students observe how a teacher treats others.
Students observe how earthworms live and thrive when their needs are met.
Students observe how electricity in circuits can produce sound.
Students observe how errors combine, attempt to optimize precision and accuracy of the measurement.
Students observe how faculty members behave and what values they embrace.
Students observe how faculty members behave, and what values they embrace.
Students observe how matter interacts and how it behaves when heated.
Students observe how much soil is lost.
Students observe how products are produced and how problems are solved.
Students observe how the rainbow changes in appearance with time and with size of the bubble.
Students observe how various jobs are produced, and how problems are solved in a work situation.
Students observe human activities.
Students observe ice melting- a solid becoming a liquid.
Students observe in a variety of settings in local communities.
Students observe in the college laboratory preschool one morning a week.
Students observe lessons.
Students observe library media services in school settings.
Students observe light and colour in their everyday life.
Students observe lima beans under stereo microscope and diagram their observations.
Students observe listening skills.
Students observe live animals and learn about how form and function are related.
Students observe local catering operations through class tours and guest lecture appearances.
Students observe migratory waterfowl in the spring and fall.
Students observe mitosis.
Students observe nature, create nature crafts, and learn about survival skills and ecology.
Students observe only.
Students observe or conduct an investigation in making polymer foam.
Students observe orbits tending to fixed points, to cycles, to infinity, and so forth.
Students observe patient care and participate within the scope of paramedic practice.
Students observe pharmacy practices at a healthcare facility for four hours each week.
Students observe plants on the school grounds in various stages of their life cycles.
Students observe preparations for, administration of, and follow-up to clinical evaluations.
Students observe private lessons and teach lessons under faculty guidance.
Students observe professional interpreters throughout the semester.
Students observe professors seeking new ways of teaching.
Students observe properties.
Students observe reading instruction, serve as teacher aides, and teach a directed reading activity.
Students observe refraction of liquids.
Students observe religious practice and explore basic issues in the study of religion.
Students observe rocks using magnifying lenses.
Students observe Roman mosaics in books, on the internet and in museums.
Students observe samples.
Students observe science classes and develop lessons for teaching science.
Students observe services provided by athletic trainers.
Students observe several celestial objects using the telescope.
Students observe some living things and use a paper tube to discover several animals' homes.
Students observe staff in their actual work situations.
Students observe stress reactions in the media.
Students observe systematically the results of combining the chemicals.
Students observe techniques in various specialty clinics performed by a faculty member.
Students observe that air currents in the room make the spiderlings sway and float.
Students observe that different environments support different types of organisms.
Students observe that heat from the Sun or friction, is an example of something that causes change.
Students observe that muddy water blocks sunlight.
Students observe that organisms can survive only in an environment in which their needs can be met.
Students observe that teacher has gathered decomposing materials in plastic bags.
Students observe that they are able to complete the circuit by connecting to one another.
Students observe that they fall together and hit the ground at the same time.
Students observe the aerated grit tanks where finer solids and food are removed.
Students observe the amount of cloud cover and record the type of clouds visible in the sky.
Students observe the behavior of the flames.
Students observe the changing temperature and wind velocity.
Students observe the characteristics of each colony's shape, edge and elevation.
Students observe the characteristics of six leaves.
Students observe the chrysalis and butterflies.
Students observe the cooling rate of water.
Students observe the crickets, formulate a research question, and predict an outcome.
Students observe the decomposing process of the food chain.
Students observe the demonstration and record the measurements or other results.
Students observe the detonation of letter bombs, pipe bombs.
Students observe the electrostatic precipitator.
Students observe the experiment performed by the teaching assistant.
Students observe the exterior and interior of an owl pellet.
Students observe the external anatomy of an earthworm.
Students observe the food and collect data daily, recording when mold begins to grow.
Students observe the human body as a whole.
Students observe the local seal population and discuss pinniped biology and ecology.
Students observe the main character of the show recycling materials.
Students observe the model daily.
Students observe the motion of a pendulum.
Students observe the night sky to search for the constellation of Pegasus.
Students observe the operation of a dispenser to fill cylinders and containers.
Students observe the pattern and try to describe the pattern.
Students observe the procedures for notifying late arrival at the campus.
Students observe the roles of health workers at a hospital.
Students observe the school's neighborhood to identify ways people use soil.
Students observe the seasons and growth as examples of change.
Students observe the teacher and participate in teaching as appropriate.
Students observe the trading floor in action.
Students observe the trees which are progressively affected by recent slope failures.
Students observe the water picking up the soil and carrying it to the low end of the pan.
Students observe their butterfly laying eggs within a couple of days.
Students observe their own speech in mirrors.
Students observe trials, learn how to access courthouse records and visit local courts and prisons.
Students observe various aspects of a preschool.
Students observe various members of the health care team in practice.
Students observe videotaped high school classes as well as live high school classes.
Students observe water at different temperatures.
Students observe what happens and explain the results.
Students observe what happens inside the bowl and answer questions about their observations.
Students observe what the animals eat, how they move, where they prefer to live or hide.
Students observe which of the above are more obvious in the original compared to the reproductions.
Students observe which two ideas had the most votes.
Students observe, aid, tutor, and gradually assume the responsibility of a professional teacher.
Students observe, analyze and practice.
Students observe, assist, and perform tasks as directed by the veterinary staff.
Students observe, classify, compare and sequence events.
Students observe, compare, and contrast two plants.
Students observe, demonstrate, and reflect upon child development and teaching.
Students observe, discuss, teach, learn, and dissect all body systems in detail.
Students observe, evaluate, and present in actual classrooms.
Students observe, experiment and explore the world of science in an interactive setting.
Students observe, experiment and solve problems in three amazing learning labs.
Students observe, participate and teach in classrooms one morning per week.
Students observe, participate and teach in elementary school classrooms one day per week.
Students observe, participate and teach in elementary school classrooms one morning per week.
Students observe, participate, plan, and teach in an elementary school.
Students observe, plan and lead worship.
Students observe, practice and analyze management, marketing and legal strategies.
Students observe, predict and draw conclusions about cardboard strength.
Students observe, record, and assess the behaviors of children in child care centers.
Students observe, record, and organize the movement of objects in both daytime and nighttime skies.
Students observe, record, describe, and identify insects they find in their local communities.
Students observe, smell, and taste apple slices daily.
Students observe, teach, and assist in the elementary classroom.
Students obtain a broad background in individual and family development across the life span.
Students obtain a broad background in individual and family development.
Students obtain a careful balance of training for deductive and inductive reasoning.
Students obtain a careful balance of training in deductive and inductive reasoning.
Students obtain a knowledge of fashion terminology and the stages in the fashion cycle.
Students obtain a sense of how professional development and practical experience are integrated.
Students obtain a solid foundation in a number of information technologies and tools.
Students obtain a solid grounding in the management of systems, personnel, and quality.
Students obtain a solid grounding in the management systems, personnel, and quality.
Students obtain a table showing the depreciated value of a car over time.
Students obtain a well-rounded education combining both laboratory and classroom experience.
Students obtain a working knowledge of the various terms and techniques essential to exporting.
Students obtain actual field experience in the area of advertising.
Students obtain actual field experience in the area of commercial writing.
Students obtain ambulatory care experience at both hospitals.
Students obtain an education in a subject, such as mathematics or history.
Students obtain an education through their own efforts.
Students obtain an excellent conceptual background in all areas of computer science.
Students obtain an overview of geological and geophysical concepts and how they inter relate.
Students obtain answers to questions directly from the real world.
Students obtain basic habits connected with the experimental work in physical laboratory.
Students obtain case study from web site and read.
Students obtain clinical experience throughout the program.
Students obtain competence both in information technology and in business theory.
Students obtain copies of bulletins or the tabloid version from their major academic departments.
Students obtain course request numbers through the departments.
Students obtain credit from a variety of sources.
Students obtain critical course materials that can be referred to time and again.
Students obtain drugs from a variety of sources.
Students obtain employment.
Students obtain essential skills in research design for both qualitative and quantitative research.
Students obtain experience in dietary analysis as it applies to athletic populations.
Students obtain experience in preparing and teaching laboratories and in facilities management.
Students obtain free cards, renewable each semester.
Students obtain housing with the help of program staff.
Students obtain information from a variety of sources and media.
Students obtain instant feedback to concepts learned within the text.
Students obtain internships throughout their college careers.
Students obtain invaluable experience while accruing hours toward certification.
Students obtain it by buying it.
Students obtain knowledge and skills in planning for career challenges in agriculture.
Students obtain permission to eat in the cafeteria by paying board fees in advance.
Students obtain pledges and run laps for a prescribed amount of time.
Students obtain positions with companies to gain experience in desired work settings.
Students obtain practical experience in modeling and solving a mathematical problem from industry.
Students obtain practical experience in our on-campus preschool class.
Students obtain practical experience in the professional design studio and in outside internships.
Students obtain practical information on sources of data, their origins, strengths, and weaknesses.
Students obtain practical work experience in an area related to their chosen field of interest.
Students obtain the Alternate PIN from the primary advisor assigned by the department.
Students obtain the benefits of researching online as well as using the library cataloging system.
Students obtain the cooperation of an employer and prepare a learning contract.
Students obtain the essential features of a liberal education.
Students obtain the necessary skills to design, administer and troubleshoot a network.
Students obtain the necessary substantial background in both mathematical sciences and accounting.
Students obtain their clinical hours by taking practicum in their final year of the program.
Students obtain their grades in one of two ways.
Students obtain thorough training in biomedical engineering research.
Students obtain training in decision making regarding actual problems.
Students obtain valuable exposure to the daily issues confronting the genetic counseling profession.
Students obtain work-related experience through community and local employers.
Students obviously benefit when parents and teachers trust each other.
Students obviously talk to each other but apparently lack experience in solving problems together.
Students occasionally enroll for special project in chemical application area.
Students occasionally find it advantageous to earn two graduate degrees concurrently.
Students occasionally forget to either sign in or out for a shift.
Students occasionally interact voluntarily as well when required with instructor and felow students.
Students occasionally leave area without permission.
Students occasionally print out many copies of flyers or graphics.
Students occupy individual operatories.
Students occupy many schools and faculties, and convocate a general strike.
Students occupy multiple occupancy dormitory rooms.
Students occupy senior command and staff positions on joint and combined staffs.
Students occupy single rooms in university residence apartments.
Students occupy single rooms in university residence halls.
Students occupy the dutch embassy in Jakarta, demanding independence from Indonesia.
Students occupy the three top floors, living in single and double suites joined by private baths.
Students occupying suites or rooms with bath are responsible for cleaning their bathroom.
Students occupying the en-suite rooms are responsible for cleaning their own rooms and bathrooms.
Students offer a series of dramatic and comedic performances each year.
Students offer a unique challenge and opportunity.
Students offer and accept help of peers.
Students offer and receive, advice and support on studying, career and family issues.
Students offer each other both written and oral feedback.
Students offer opposing views at open mic forum.
Students offer others.
Students offer patrons fine dining in a pleasant and relaxing setting.
Students offer positive comments about the video followed by suggestions for improvement.
Students offer positive feedback on each other's projects.
Students offer seagoing and shoreside experience.
Students offer short presentations, both written and oral.
Students offer similar praise.
Students offer their career-related services to eligible employers.
Students offer their opinions.
Students offer valuable assistance while gaining invaluable experience.
Students offer various services, which are bid on by other students.
Students offers engaging two-week programs that delve into academic disciplines.
Students officially enroll in courses for credit by filing a study card.
Students officially withdraw from courses through the program change process.
Students oftend find it helpful to work with a realtor specializing in Balboa Island rentals.
Students only acquire literacy when they make sense of texts.
Students only compete against other students within their grade points category.
Students only focus on the main ideas.
Students only have a couple of places where they have access.
Students only have a half day of school.
Students only have access to email through their teachers with gaggle.net.
Students only have room for one elective.
Students only have to attend one of the testing days.
Students only have to cover the costs of books and supplies.
Students only have to learn one interface for all the databases, so searching is easier.
Students only learn about a handful of black authors and poets.
Students only learn through their own efforts.
Students only leave the room for art, music, and physical education classes, and restroom breaks.
Students only look for the health center when they fall sick.
Students only pay a small registration fee and their travel expense.
Students only pay entrance prices and share transportation costs.
Students only pay for calls that they make, and there are no additional monthly service fees.
Students only pay for their long-distance calls.
Students only pay for their own souvenirs.
Students only pay transportation to and from their destination.
Students only pay tuition for the number of credits for which they choose to enroll.
Students only pay two times the in-state tuition.
Students only please.
Students only receive email from addresses they have entered in their personal address book.
Students only receive grades and credit if they register through normal university registration.
Students only receive one, in school, six month grace period during their academic career.
Students only roar louder.
Students only see the course menu.
Students only see their own grades.
Students only see what is going on in the side area in which they are working.
Students only spar when they are ready and willing.
Students only take the test in certain years.
Students only work for one to two hours, and there is no championship level.
Students only work on instruction specifically required, making study more efficient.
Students open a credential file on the web at the beginning of the student teaching semester.
Students open a credential file on the web site at the beginning of the student teaching semester.
Students open doors.
Students open identical color-coded binders to the first page, and listen as the rules are read.
Students open real savings accounts, make deposits and transact other bank business.
Students open the file and progress through the informational frames to the procedures.
Students open the seed food to see the tiny leaves.
Students open the word processor write their questions then the answer they found.
Students open their eyes and try to untangle the knot.
Students open their laptops and are immediately able to access network resources.
Students open their own bank accounts and deposit money at their convenience.
Students open their project on a different computer to make sure all images and links are there.
Students openly discuss the problems and consult reference material in their search for answers.
Students operate a cable stereo radio service.
Students operate a full service restaurant and catering operation as part of their training.
Students operate a restaurant that serves lunch to the public three days a week.
Students operate a retail bakery in class that serves students, staff and the general public.
Students operate a school store with school supplies available for sale.
Students operate a weekly televised new show.
Students operate a wholesale sportswear operation servicing school sports teams and organizations.
Students operate an in-school supermarket and produce a salad and soup bar.
Students operate an on campus preschool for community children.
Students operate an on-site business.
Students operate and manage an on-campus radio station.
Students operate as members of a professional consulting team in analyzing the group cases.
Students operate audio-visual and duplication machines.
Students operate electrostatic black and white and color copiers.
Students operate in groups and are supported by regular come-back sessions.
Students operate in the same manner.
Students operate on a different clock.
Students operate software in computer lab.
Students operate the business under the counsel of two advisors.
Students operate the centers' switchboards, man the gates, and work on the air conditioning.
Students operate the chosen software in the laboratory.
Students operate the station for experience in radio communication.
Students operate the supermarket and produce a salad and soup bar.
Students operate three restaurants from real-world commercial kitchens.
Students operate various machinery and computers to produce gift items for sale.
Students oppose the use of racial preferences regardless of their political affiliations.
Students opt to either study abroad or complete an approved overseas internship.
Students opt to participate in the program, often at the suggestion of parents, teachers, or peers.
Students opting for on-campus tuition enter a tutoring programme tailored to their particular needs.
Students opting for the payment plan are also responsible for the registration fee.
Students opting to forego certain activities are free to do so.
Students optionally pursue dual-degree programs in engineering, forestry, and environmental studies.
Students orally defend their thesis.
Students orally describe an aquifer.
Students orally practice identifying primary and secondary sources.
Students orally present their portfolios to a five person graduation committee for evaluation.
Students orally share and discuss their findings with another person in the group.
Students orally share their diagram with another group.
Students order a set of six or more objects according to their masses.
Students order at the stainless steel, streamlined counter that is staffed with two people.
Students order long division problems and arrive at the solutions.
Students order the software by using the coupon found in their textbook.
Students order their materials from the bookstore on-line, using a credit card for payment.
Students order their textbooks via e-mail, fax, telephone, or mail.
Students ordering the hardcopy version automatically receive access to the online version.
Students ordinarily begin their graduate studies fall quarter.
Students ordinarily complete course work by the third year of graduate study.
Students ordinarily drop one ALP class for each OU course they take.
Students ordinarily have a prior degree in medicine or pharmacy.
Students ordinarily live at home and commute to school each day.
Students ordinarily take both examinations at the end of their first year of study.
Students ordinarily take one course at a time.
Students ordinarily take three colloquia to complete honors program requirements.
Students ordinarily undertake independent study during the junior or senior year.
Students organise everything as part of a leadership and fun event.
Students organize a business in every conceivable aspect.
Students organize a business while producing and marketing products.
Students organize a display to showcase the artistic heritage of their community, city, or state.
Students organize a reading program with the guidance and approval of the instructor.
Students organize a regular time to study.
Students organize a work day to raise funds for the project they have selected.
Students organize activities for themselves or in conjunction with faculty.
Students organize all class information to be included in a book.
Students organize and administer the sports, either by coaching themselves or finding volunteers.
Students organize and assign tasks without help from teacher.
Students organize and compile their information.
Students organize and conduct the banquet.
Students organize and deliver speeches to the class and evaluate various speeches for effectiveness.
Students organize and demonstrate a comprehensive plan to use materials in innovative ways.
Students organize and execute trips open to the entire student body.
Students organize and graph data collected to display their findings.
Students organize and maintain their class, lab, and project assignments.
Students organize and maintain their own data files for all four software packages.
Students organize and manage grand rounds.
Students organize and negotiate efforts themselves.
Students organize and prepare questions for one or more online talk shows with the content experts.
Students organize and present their results using summary tables and charts.
Students organize and produce an annual show of their work.
Students organize and run the class.
Students organize and write their essays under the supervision of their advisor.
Students organize camping gear, clothing, etc. to bring on trek.
Students organize campus activities and conduct student government.
Students organize data they generate inthe hands-on activities in charts and tables.
Students organize each club and select coaches who perform on a volunteer basis.
Students organize educational activities, plant tours and social events for student members.
Students organize events promoting Japanese culture during Cultural Heritage Week.
Students organize extensive extracurricular programs related to the college themes.
Students organize field trips usually once a year.
Students organize for peace New Student Record pg.
Students organize games and activities and charge a nominal amount to play, such as a dime per game.
Students organize information as they are gathering.
Students organize information in categories.
Students organize information through the development and use of classification rules and systems.
Students organize information, photos, illustrations, video, or other graphics into a presentation.
Students organize knowledge of frogs in chart form as a memory aid.
Students organize notes on a matrix.
Students organize on campus against global corporations profiting from sweatshops abroad.
Students organize research material graphically.
Students organize small group discussions on everything from money to sexuality.
Students organize storyboards and practice using the software in small groups.
Students organize the content of the selection on a graphic organizer or take notes.
Students organize the event.
Students organize the program and elect representatives.
Students organize the trips themselves and raise funds all year to cover the costs.
Students organize their findings to support or refute the resolution, as assigned.
Students organize their thoughts using interactive maps and webs.
Students organize their time well.
Students organize themselves into teams to develop a product idea and finish with a prototype.
Students organize to promote responsibility .
Students organize two fish fries per year and attend science fairs withtheir projects.
Students organize, present, and lead weekly meetings.
Students organize, represent, and compare data by category on simple graphs and charts.
Students organize, write, and edit a variety of material pertinent to professional situations.
Students originate and develop opinions .
Students originate art which utilizes personal symbols and celebrates individuality.
Students originate ceramic design and decorations.
Students ought to be previously taught to solve radical equations.
Students ought to be willing to help others and work for the good of the class.
Students ought to have a measure of previous, general background knowledge relevant to the subject.
Students ought to obtain a broader knowledge than is required in a major.
Students ought to present assignments so that the mathematical processes are clear and easy to read.
Students ought to receive induction training within the first month of joining.
Students ought to take a step back and appreciate their surroundings.
Students ought to think very carefully before sacrificing class time for an outside activity.
Students ought to try diagonal motion relative to the plane of rotation also.
Students outline a progressive discipline sequence.
Students outline a triangle, a square, and a circle on the floor with string or tape.
Students outline the action that needs to be taken to solve the problem.
Students outline their learning objectives and appropriate preceptors are assigned.
Students overall are pleased with their educational experiences in Wichita.
Students overcome the problem by relating ideas to real life.
Students overestimate how much their peers drink.
Students overestimate their own learning as well.
Students overwhelmingly feel that they learn a great deal at their co-ops.
Students overwhelmingly prefer the new system.
Students overwhelmingly report that such an experience was the most valuable of their major.
Students overwhelmingly support narratives.
Students overwhelmingly support newspaper use as a supplement to textbooks.
Students overwhelmingly support newspaper use as a supplement to their textbooks.
Students own and direct their own organization.
Students own and operate a T-shirt and novelty business.
Students own attitudes toward Native American cultures are examined.
Students own classroom experience as students and as teachers.
Students own dogs.
Students own personal computers.
Students own pets.
Students own the action plan, it is what they have chosen.
Students own the franchise and do the work.
Students own the honor system and they make the majority of accusations.
Students own the project and their space, and are thus more motivated to learn.
Students own work experience and career goals are incorporated into the course.
Students owning computers can connect to the campus data network.
Students owning their laptop computers are responsible for all repairs.
Students pace the perimeter of the pool and measure the width using a surveyor's ruler.
Students pace themselves through drills and exercises on the major Hebrew morphemes.
Students pace themselves to complete the program.
Students pack a lunch on the first day, to eat on the way to Fort Rock.
Students pack the blocks used to measure each item.
Students pack up the coats, snowpants, and other winter gear to give to the needy families.
Students paint a picture and write a poem about most memorable spot on the trip.
Students paint a picture for each page.
Students paint approximately six paintings.
Students paint directly from life each week.
Students paint from direct observation, still-lives, the landscape, and figures.
Students paint on a variety of surfaces with tempera, acrylic, and watercolor.
Students paint or glaze fired work.
Students paint the character on the computer and then print it out.
Students paint the entire surface of the pumpkin blue to represent water.
Students paint the mummy case, mixing paint to create different colors, shades and tints.
Students paint town with timely message.
Students paint using earth pigments.
Students paint with colors of their own choice.
Students paint, read about pumpkins and do various activities with the pumpkins.
Students pair off on center line of mat.
Students pair off.
Students pair up and each pair discusses the topic.
Students pair up and progress through each of the drills, mastering one before going on to the next.
Students pair up and shuffle their cards.
Students pair up on many movements for the purpose of giving feed back.
Students pair up to edit each other's drafts prior to teacher editing.
Students pair up to peer-edit each other's drafts prior to teacher editing.
Students pair up to play.
Students pair up with like size and height.
Students pair up with their partners and begin their Brassica experiments.
Students pair with a partner to share their responses to a question.
Students pair with other interns in their school and observe each other teach lessons.
Students parade in by state just like the opening ceremony of the Olympics.
Students paraphrase the content of a text in their own words in the left-hand column.
Students park at their own risk and liability.
Students park everywhere with impunity.
Students park only in parking spaces painted white.
Students park only in student parking areas.
Students parked in employee areas during business hours are subject to towing.
Students partake in community service.
Students partially write their own operating system.
Students particaipate in story.
Students participate actively in class discussions, including playing a leadership role.
Students participate actively in our many observational programs as part of their thesis research.
Students participate actively in regional professional associations and conferences.
Students participate actively in research as junior colleagues.
Students participate actively in research from the beginning of their graduate careers.
Students participate actively in the process of teaching and learning.
Students participate actively in the programmes organized by the school.
Students participate actively in the study of instruction.
Students participate actively with others enrolled in the course.
Students participate actively, either by writing or dictating the stories.
Students participate all year.
Students participate and assist in instruction of an undergraduate course.
Students participate and assist in instruction of undergraduate course.
Students participate and have done well in various academic competitions.
Students participate annually in other local, regional, and state-wide writing and art contests.
Students participate as a result of their leadership personality traits.
Students participate as a team.
Students participate as active members of the nutrition-care team in multiple clinical settings.
Students participate as attorneys, witnesses, and court bailiffs.
Students participate as both the patient and the physical therapist in the laboratories.
Students participate as characters in many literary adventures.
Students participate as dancers and choreographers.
Students participate as externs in three-week rotations each month in the hospital setting.
Students participate as full members of the student body.
Students participate as full-fledged team members while earning university credit.
Students participate as hospice volunteers as part of their field experience.
Students participate as instructed by the teacher.
Students participate as interns at various levels of state and local government.
Students participate as members of a group and are asked to record data and observations.
Students participate as members of a team.
Students participate as members of an interdisciplinary team in various community-based settings.
Students participate as observers and experimenters reporting in their local region.
Students participate as reporters, anchors, cameramen, and editors.
Students participate as supervised observers and volunteers in selected social service agencies.
Students participate as team members, learning how to organize, evaluate and interpret information.
Students participate as technical workers in current university productions.
Students participate at a more involved level, including whole group planning and teaching.
Students participate at district, state and national levels.
Students participate at no cost.
Students participate at their convenience, day, night, or weekends.
Students participate at their own level of skill and comprehension.
Students participate at their own PCs for convenient self-paced learning.
Students participate both during the regular school year and in a summer program.
Students participate by discussing their process and content.
Students participate by enrolling in TWO of the linked courses AND the one-credit linking seminar.
Students participate by grade level.
Students participate by meeting with the speaker for one to two hours after the seminar.
Students participate by producing a piece of art related to the artist's methodology or medium.
Students participate by regular attendance and class participation.
Students participate by setting up microphones and operating the console during the sessions.
Students participate by singing, playing basic percussion instruments and composing a song.
Students participate by solving problems, and by observing or by experimenting in the laboratory.
Students participate constructively in discussions about classmates writing.
Students participate daily in rounds, lectures and conferences.
Students participate demonstration on different self-portrait techniques throughout history.
Students participate directly in research that is shaping the future.
Students participate each week in physical education and music classes taught by specialists.
Students participate either by fax or on the internet.
Students participate entirely for free.
Students participate extensively in activities that include extemporaneous use of oral skills.
Students participate for five weeks.
Students participate for free.
Students participate for the entire academic year for one credit.
Students participate from home or office.
Students participate from home, office or public library.
Students participate from many countries around the world in addition to Northern Ireland.
Students participate in a balance of activities from the movement categories.
Students participate in a business application design and implementation project.
Students participate in a challenging internship or practicum in a nonprofit organization.
Students participate in a class-like structure with assignments, quizzes and tests.
Students participate in a classroom debate about athletes as heroes.
Students participate in a college course through synchronous distance education.
Students participate in a community action project of their choosing.
Students participate in a community project.
Students participate in a community service component in return for their award.
Students participate in a community service project as well as other enrichment activities.
Students participate in a comparative length activity.
Students participate in a competitive nomination process devised by their educational institution.
Students participate in a complete lecture series and in laboratory dissections of cadavers.
Students participate in a complete network installation and setup.
Students participate in a comprehensive computing project, mainly related to the Hebrew language.
Students participate in a compulsory field study, where a number of natural communities are studied.
Students participate in a condom demonstration.
Students participate in a cooperative program of work and learning involving area employers.
Students participate in a daily schedule of accelerated courses in math, science, and literature.
Students participate in a democratic process for the election of officers and class representatives.
Students participate in a field trip to Prague.
Students participate in a field-based supervised practicum.
Students participate in a four-hour lab period each week.
Students participate in a free exchange of opinions and ideas on contemporary topics.
Students participate in a full academic year internship in elementary school.
Students participate in a full school day and a full school year.
Students participate in a graduation ceremony, which is conducted at the completion of the program.
Students participate in a gross anatomy human cadaver lab scheduled once a week.
Students participate in a group facilitated by a practicing therapist.
Students participate in a group mass production endeavor.
Students participate in a group project on software requirements.
Students participate in a group software design project.
Students participate in a guided imagery through an underground burrow.
Students participate in a hands-on pottery activity.
Students participate in a hands-on workshop to develop good deposition techniques.
Students participate in a high strength concrete competition.
Students participate in a laboratory section where they analyze data and evaluate tests.
Students participate in a large bulletin board, and instructors are conscientious about responding.
Students participate in a large number of seminars and workshops.
Students participate in a licentiate seminar during the thesis writing process.
Students participate in a logical thinking activity to help develop their spatial sense.
Students participate in a major project in groups of four.
Students participate in a marketing simulation.
Students participate in a mentored teaching experience and they develop a teaching portfolio.
Students participate in a mini-conference and in a series of visitations to companies and agencies.
Students participate in a ministry or an internship every semester.
Students participate in a mock archaeological dig, artifact analysis, and site report preparation.
Students participate in a mock ballot election.
Students participate in a mock closing at the end of each semester.
Students participate in a mock identification simulation.
Students participate in a mock trial, examine primary source documents, and more.
Students participate in a monthly competition with the other district high schools.
Students participate in a monthly standardized achievement testing program during their second year.
Students participate in a multi-semester computerized simulation of a business enterprise.
Students participate in a music class each week that is taught by a music specialist.
Students participate in a national concrete canoe race each year.
Students participate in a number of activities that parallel current business practices.
Students participate in a nursery school.
Students participate in a one hour and forty minute weekly seminar on campus.
Students participate in a paid summer internship project.
Students participate in a parenting project during the first quarter.
Students participate in a performance ensemble.
Students participate in a physical test.
Students participate in a plan to save the rainforests.
Students participate in a portfolio audit.
Students participate in a precepted practicum in a setting consistent with their clinical interest.
Students participate in a productive, in-depth study of a topic of interest.
Students participate in a Professional group during their senior year.
Students participate in a program focusing on science, math and social competency development.
Students participate in a project for a middle school science curriculum.
Students participate in a project to design, implement, populate, and query a database.
Students participate in a project using supportive software tools.
Students participate in a quality educational program designed to meet the needs of each individual.
Students participate in a range of national projects and competitions.
Students participate in a real activity with real consequences.
Students participate in a regular for-credit course.
Students participate in a regular programme of seminars and journal clubs.
Students participate in a research project or application.
Students participate in a role play exercise.
Students participate in a round table discussion of life in the Warsaw ghetto.
Students participate in a school academic fair and competitions such as the National Geography Bee.
Students participate in a selected research project using computers.
Students participate in a self-paced walking, jogging or stationary cycling program.
Students participate in a semester-long class research project.
Students participate in a semester-long internship working for a member of the the Irish parliament.
Students participate in a series of advanced tutorials.
Students participate in a series of drills and exercises designed to reinforce the lecture material.
Students participate in a series of field experiences.
Students participate in a series of four training sessions consisting of three courses each session.
Students participate in a series of group projects exploring the uses of the medium.
Students participate in a series of hands-on learning modules about diversity and service careers.
Students participate in a series of practical exercises to develop their skills.
Students participate in a series of seminars designed specifically for Tranquility Bay.
Students participate in a short term mission trip to another country and culture.
Students participate in a show and tell activity about the types of plants and their parts.
Students participate in a simulated contract negotiation, grievance and arbitration procedure.
Students participate in a simulation rescue.
Students participate in a single workshop for the duration of the program.
Students participate in a small group experience as part of the course.
Students participate in a small-group experience as part of the course.
Students participate in a sponge demonstration to discover that people are consumers of resources.
Students participate in a staff ride to Gettysburg battlefield.
Students participate in a story-telling fair.
Students participate in a structured curriculum as outlined above.
Students participate in a structured exercise program lead by the instructor and students.
Students participate in a study abroad program as part of their coursework.
Students participate in a summer externship between the first and second year of the program.
Students participate in a supervised practicum at a local psychiatric unit.
Students participate in a supported employment program.
Students participate in a synchronous mode.
Students participate in a system development project.
Students participate in a systems analysis project for directed practice experience.
Students participate in a systems design project.
Students participate in a team service learning project.
Students participate in a three-month internship in an industrial laboratory.
Students participate in a three-week orientation at the beginning of the school year.
Students participate in a tornado drill, lining up along an interior wall and covering their heads.
Students participate in a twice-weekly seminar.
Students participate in a two-week orientation prior to the beginning of classes.
Students participate in a unit or year long study during which they role play the part of inventors.
Students participate in a varied combination of lectures, presentations, and discussion groups.
Students participate in a variety of acting scenes and improvisations.
Students participate in a variety of activities each year.
Students participate in a variety of activities including some laboratory work.
Students participate in a variety of activities related to the novel.
Students participate in a variety of activities that broaden their interests, skills and abilities.
Students participate in a variety of activities.
Students participate in a variety of after-class activities and discussion groups.
Students participate in a variety of campus activities.
Students participate in a variety of classes during the day and rehearsals in the evenings.
Students participate in a variety of community projects and learn research techniques.
Students participate in a variety of cultural activities within the Androsian community.
Students participate in a variety of design projects depending on their anticipated choice of major.
Students participate in a variety of enjoyable activities outside of the classroom.
Students participate in a variety of exercises including simulated negotiations.
Students participate in a variety of field experiences in diverse school and educational settings.
Students participate in a variety of fitness development exercises.
Students participate in a variety of fun activities which support their work in the classroom.
Students participate in a variety of fun activities, service learning, and event planning.
Students participate in a variety of fund raising activities.
Students participate in a variety of group models to enhance delivery of diverse classroom topics.
Students participate in a variety of hands-on activities.
Students participate in a variety of individual and group leadership development activities.
Students participate in a variety of learning activities designed to provide hands-on experience.
Students participate in a variety of projects, both in the field and in the laboratories.
Students participate in a variety of school and community programs.
Students participate in a variety of social and cultural events.
Students participate in a variety of social, community service, and educational activities.
Students participate in a variety of track and field events.
Students participate in a variety of ways.
Students participate in a vocational training program which reflects community employment needs.
Students participate in a volunteer training program at a community agency.
Students participate in a week of master classes, rehearsals, and performances.
Students participate in a weekend group-relations conference.
Students participate in a weekly seminar and can receive financial support or course credit.
Students participate in a whole-class viewing and discussion about recycling.
Students participate in a wide range of activities that enrich the curriculum.
Students participate in a wide range of activities which address different learning styles.
Students participate in a wide range of community activities and community education projects.
Students participate in a wide range of other activities.
Students participate in a wide variety of activities throughout the theatre.
Students participate in a wide variety of activities which are open to students suggestions.
Students participate in a wide variety of elective activities.
Students participate in a wide variety of enrichment programs.
Students participate in a wide variety of indoor and outdoor sports activities.
Students participate in a wide variety of research activities.
Students participate in a written gallery activity.
Students participate in a year-long program to learn and live Catholic virtues.
Students participate in academic and athletic events.
Students participate in academic competitions and take part in performances in the fine arts.
Students participate in academic courses in both rehabilitation and clinical psychology.
Students participate in academic courses on rural issues and multicultural issues in rural areas.
Students participate in academic programs for part of the experience.
Students participate in academics, sports, clubs, and extracurricular activities.
Students participate in acting improvs which expand into improvisation of song lyric.
Students participate in activities and clubs as a part of their school day.
Students participate in activities and competitions with other schools.
Students participate in activities and discussions, and occasional assignments outside class.
Students participate in activities at a leadership training event.
Students participate in activities because they wish to try something new and fun.
Students participate in activities for nine days with a final day of sharing.
Students participate in activities in at least three locations around town.
Students participate in activities revolving around ecological studies and team building.
Students participate in activities such as a French cheese tasting and a French dinner.
Students participate in activities such as collaborative projects, discussions, and peer editing.
Students participate in activities together and respond to the experiences in a journal.
Students participate in activities which facilitate exploration and encourage student interaction.
Students participate in activities.
Students participate in actual calf-raising programs.
Students participate in actual proposal writing and review sessions.
Students participate in actual quantitative research.
Students participate in actual work experience and develop potential contacts for future jobs.
Students participate in acute, critical, and home health care within the clinical education.
Students participate in adventure training, classroom leadership instruction and internships.
Students participate in after school skate parties once a month.
Students participate in afternoon activities several days a week.
Students participate in agility, speed, and strength training as well as play soccer and basketball.
Students participate in all activities at their own risk.
Students participate in all activities of the school.
Students participate in all age-appropriate activities listed below.
Students participate in all aspects of production.
Students participate in all aspects of the projects.
Students participate in all aspects of the research projects.
Students participate in all aspects of the theatre.
Students participate in all committees.
Students participate in all departmental didactic and case presentation conferences.
Students participate in all facets of decision making and serve on all standing committees.
Students participate in all marching band events, school concerts, contests, and festivals.
Students participate in all meetings and take leadership in projects of their own choosing.
Students participate in all performances.
Students participate in all phases of observational astronomical research.
Students participate in all phases of pretrial and trial practice relating to criminal cases.
Students participate in all productions in a repertory situation.
Students participate in all resident and student conferences.
Students participate in all stages of a research project.
Students participate in all stages of archaeological survey work at local prehistoric sites.
Students participate in all the clinical aspects of in-patient adult psychiatric care.
Students participate in all training grant-sponsored activities throughout their studies.
Students participate in an academic or functional life skills program.
Students participate in an activity that helps link theory and practice.
Students participate in an activity that shows how sonar works.
Students participate in an activity.
Students participate in an actual campaign exercise to gain experience as campaign strategists.
Students participate in an all-encompasing drama experience.
Students participate in an annual Fine Arts Festival which features student produced art.
Students participate in an annual scientific expedition.
Students participate in an egg hunt and then color eggs.
Students participate in an eight-week course and perform in a musical production workshop.
Students participate in an end of semester class recital.
Students participate in an evening performance for parents every other year.
Students participate in an experiential evaluation of learning styles.
Students participate in an exploratory program of electives and co-curricular activities.
Students participate in an extended day program daily.
Students participate in an extended, culminating mathematics, science, and technology project.
Students participate in an informal presentation as a final assignment.
Students participate in an internship and receive job placement assistance.
Students participate in an internship course in a related area.
Students participate in an internship during either their junior or senior year.
Students participate in an internship program during the second semester.
Students participate in an orientation program as well as three field trips.
Students participate in an orientation program at the beginning of the semester.
Students participate in and excel at contests at the school, country, state and national levels.
Students participate in and help coordinate school projects and social events.
Students participate in and learn to lead a physical fitness program.
Students participate in and study the operations of forensics tournaments.
Students participate in any activity that requires stage use.
Students participate in art activities, games, crafts and music.
Students participate in art therapy activities in class.
Students participate in art, music, library, and PE classes.
Students participate in as many academic music courses as schedules and interests allow.
Students participate in assemblies to learn the expectations.
Students participate in assistance tasks and interact with children.
Students participate in at least one dramatic presentation during the semester.
Students participate in at least one project.
Students participate in at least one quantity-food preparation event.
Students participate in at least one research project of their design.
Students participate in authentic tasks and projects involving many communication skills.
Students participate in autopsies under supervision.
Students participate in available sports, a few clubs, and student government.
Students participate in band, choral, dance, theatrical and visual productions each semester.
Students participate in beef cattle production systems under close supervision of faculty and staff.
Students participate in both discussion and riding lessons to increase safety awareness and skills.
Students participate in both formal and informal training sessions centered on conflict arbitration.
Students participate in both individual and team sports.
Students participate in both intramural and interscholastic events.
Students participate in both the choral concerts and the band concerts.
Students participate in campus events, activities, and intramural and intercollegiate athletics.
Students participate in career-focused internships, college courses and field trips.
Students participate in caroling, chores and the family's celebration.
Students participate in centers in a variety of ways as indicated by the table below.
Students participate in chapel services and in the observance of religious holidays.
Students participate in chess games and competitions.
Students participate in class and take ownership for their own learning process.
Students participate in class at times and places of their choosing through computer networks.
Students participate in class discussion by way of a discussion board.
Students participate in class discussions and analyze hypothetical cases distributed in class.
Students participate in class discussions and answer questions.
Students participate in class discussions and collaborate to assist each other during labs.
Students participate in class discussions and write papers on environmental topics.
Students participate in class discussions through a course discussion page.
Students participate in class laboratory and clinical activities to enhance assessment skills.
Students participate in class room discussions of marketing topics.
Students participate in class, group, and individual activities in a nonacademic setting.
Students participate in classes from home via the Internet.
Students participate in classes in tree identification, silviculture, ecology and forest products.
Students participate in classroom experiments.
Students participate in classroom instruction and conduct case analysis of small firms.
Students participate in classroom, lab and clinical worksite experiences.
Students participate in classrooms since there are no lecture halls.
Students participate in clinical activities under the supervision of the instructor.
Students participate in clinical experiences at local schools.
Students participate in clinical observations in one of the region's hospital emergency departments.
Students participate in clinicals in early childhood and automotive.
Students participate in clubs and extra-curricular activities.
Students participate in collecting data and in the statistical analysis of data using the computer.
Students participate in college classes at high schools sites.
Students participate in college prep academic courses with appropriate accommodations.
Students participate in communication with another person.
Students participate in communities at home and around the world by using Spanish.
Students participate in community groups and many special community group activities.
Students participate in community partnerships, workshops, and mentoring programs.
Students participate in community projects assisting in network installations.
Students participate in community service activities and community-sponsored events.
Students participate in community service and college courses.
Students participate in community service programs.
Students participate in community service.
Students participate in competitions with their cooperative groups.
Students participate in concerts, school programs, rehearsals, and various field trips.
Students participate in conferences and competitions.
Students participate in conferences and daily teaching rounds.
Students participate in conferences and make written reports.
Students participate in conferences related to clinical and basic science problems.
Students participate in contests in the solo and ensemble areas.
Students participate in contests such as public speaking, baking, and demonstrations.
Students participate in conversation.
Students participate in co-op assignments domestically and internationally.
Students participate in county, district and regional music festivals.
Students participate in courses for credit toward a diploma.
Students participate in creativity exercises and learn how to perform a market opportunity analysis.
Students participate in credit coursework and transfer the credits back to their home institutions.
Students participate in Critical thinking games Writing activities Advancing their math skills.
Students participate in culinary competition or the local, state, and national levels.
Students participate in cultural events and conduct service projects.
Students participate in cultural events including field trips to area museums and theaters.
Students participate in cultural events, travel abroad or serve as host to foreign students.
Students participate in daily lecture series covering common ambulatory medicine topics.
Students participate in daily patient-care and teaching rounds and weekly conferences.
Students participate in daily refuge activities.
Students participate in daily rounds and weekly conferences.
Students participate in daily tutoring sessions that focus on study skills development.
Students participate in daily work and teaching rounds, team conferences, and clinics.
Students participate in daily workshops, and produce work in several genres.
Students participate in data recovery, surveys, lab work, data entry, analysis, and report writing.
Students participate in decision making, problem solving, and discussion groups.
Students participate in decision making.
Students participate in decision-making bodies.
Students participate in defining learning goals and experiences.
Students participate in democratic processes.
Students participate in demonstration about music and art.
Students participate in demonstration on making a collage mask.
Students participate in design exercises in class and in written homework assignments.
Students participate in design projects and field trips.
Students participate in design projects in the garden.
Students participate in detailed tabletop exercises stressing all functions and capabilities.
Students participate in developing clays, glazes and firing procedures.
Students participate in development of regional neonatal projects.
Students participate in diabetes clinic and endocrinology clinic each week.
Students participate in diagnostic work and tour an energy-efficient home under construction.
Students participate in dialogues designed to increase proficiency in speaking Spanish.
Students participate in didactic learning experiences and complete a community project.
Students participate in different and fun activities such as kayaking and scuba discovery.
Students participate in direct client contact, staff meetings and supervision in a clinic setting.
Students participate in direct client contact, staff meetings and supervision in a clinical setting.
Students participate in directed engineering activities culminating in a team competition.
Students participate in directed, evaluated teaching experiences.
Students participate in discussion of simplicity and complexity in materials and end product.
Students participate in discussions and compose short essays.
Students participate in discussions lead by the instructor or guest speakers.
Students participate in discussions lead by the teacher.
Students participate in discussions of course materials.
Students participate in discussions of marketing topics.
Students participate in discussions of problem sets on the current literature.
Students participate in discussions of problems sets on the current literature.
Students participate in discussions of significant economic problems, theories and policies.
Students participate in discussions of the material presented.
Students participate in discussions, experiments, and demonstrations.
Students participate in discussions, laboratories, and field trips.
Students participate in distance learning and onsite instruction at area medical facilities.
Students participate in district-wide presentations in social studies, science, art, and music.
Students participate in DNA extraction and analyze suspect interrogation reports to solve a mystery.
Students participate in duet scenes and monologues, and appear in one-act plays.
Students participate in education communities that encompass the globe.
Students participate in educational safety programs.
Students participate in either the fall, spring or summer semesters and can earn course credit.
Students participate in electronic communication.
Students participate in electronic discussions and complete assignments.
Students participate in elementary readings and laboratory activities.
Students participate in emergency room and surgery department operations.
Students participate in end of semester class recital.
Students participate in English classes and local cultural events.
Students participate in ensembles with expert professional guidance.
Students participate in evaluation of their own work and that of others.
Students participate in events like Far East conferences.
Students participate in every aspect of publishing.
Students participate in everything from routine exams to complex medical procedures.
Students participate in exercises at various stages of the mediation process.
Students participate in experiences designed to meet their individual career interests.
Students participate in experiencing travel in a variety of settings with simulated vision loss.
Students participate in experiential learning.
Students participate in experimental activities designed to increase their social interactions.
Students participate in extensive fieldwork culminating in class research project.
Students participate in extensive hands-on, practical training in an industrial setting.
Students participate in extensive inquiry-based fieldwork and do research at a wide range of sites.
Students participate in factual case studies and simulate actual business conditions.
Students participate in festivals of choral and instrumental music.
Students participate in field and laboratory studies.
Students participate in field experience as part of the course.
Students participate in field experiences and video-taped interviews.
Students participate in field experiences concerning toddlers.
Students participate in field experiences, simulations, and discussions.
Students participate in field placements in the community.
Students participate in field research on a selected neighborhood project.
Students participate in field trips and listen to speakers in the afternoons.
Students participate in field trips to areas of cultural interest.
Students participate in field trips to legal institutions in four countries.
Students participate in field trips to local agencies and service learning.
Students participate in field trips, special dinners and other events as part of the program.
Students participate in field trips, surveys and excavations.
Students participate in fieldwork on one or more actual archeological sites.
Students participate in finding internship sites and are required to provide their own housing.
Students participate in fine arts activities that enhance life long motivation for learning.
Students participate in fitness testing and receive awards for fitness.
Students participate in five or six seminars during the trimester.
Students participate in food labs and sewing projects.
Students participate in forensics meets and practice times vary.
Students participate in formal art instruction weekly.
Students participate in formal courses and as interns in community-based programs.
Students participate in formulating the question to be researched and the experimental design.
Students participate in four area wide concerts throughout the year.
Students participate in four rounds of play, collecting and sharing clues as they go along.
Students participate in free speech discussions in a debate format.
Students participate in full range of intercollegiate sports and student organizations.
Students participate in full-time supervised practice teaching.
Students participate in fun activities that increase an understanding of health and medicine.
Students participate in games.
Students participate in grant writing, professional visitations, and laboratory exploration.
Students participate in graphic and manual arts and receive a vocational assessment.
Students participate in group activities which ensure that students learn how to learn.
Students participate in group and individual projects, group discussions, and oral presentations.
Students participate in group critiques and present their work in a portfolio.
Students participate in group design exercises.
Students participate in group discussions and complete a written project on a selected topic.
Students participate in group discussions in which significant works of art history are analyzed.
Students participate in group discussions on leadership styles and techniques.
Students participate in group discussions, workbook use, and personal assessments.
Students participate in group dynamics and the interdisciplinary team process.
Students participate in group interaction without prompting.
Students participate in group project and deliver two speeches.
Students participate in group projects and case studies.
Students participate in group projects dealing with the principles of wildlife science.
Students participate in group projects on development of real-life businessWorld Wide Web sites.
Students participate in group projects on software requirements.
Students participate in group work and also give many individual presentations.
Students participate in groups and are required to make several presentations during the semester.
Students participate in groups and evaluate groups in terms of small group communication concepts.
Students participate in guitar instraction.
Students participate in half hour classes with teachers who are proficient in the language.
Students participate in hands-on cooking and craft activities.
Students participate in hands-on discovery activities outside on their school grounds.
Students participate in hands-on learning by actually preparing all aspects of a trial.
Students participate in hands-on research with senior faculty members.
Students participate in health, art, music, library and physical education.
Students participate in high quality excursions to culturally important sights.
Students participate in hikes, orientation, and study films about nature.
Students participate in homework incentive programs.
Students participate in horticulture, agribusiness, research, extension, or teaching.
Students participate in independent groups or by dormitories or clubs.
Students participate in independent research projects and document their work in words or on film.
Students participate in independent research work related to their degree projects.
Students participate in individual and group case analysis.
Students participate in individual events, congress, or debate tournaments.
Students participate in individual supervision and case conferences.
Students participate in indoor and outdoor activities depending on the activitiy.
Students participate in industrial tours and community service.
Students participate in inquiries.
Students participate in installation.
Students participate in instructional live projects which are as realistic as possible.
Students participate in integrated core projects and activities.
Students participate in intensive role-playing of simulated trial problems.
Students participate in interactive gaming sessions which illustrate selected concepts.
Students participate in interactive instruction, thematic tours and hands-on activities.
Students participate in interactive modes of instruction.
Students participate in interdisciplinary theme-related activities.
Students participate in internships and part-time positions in many aspects of the industry.
Students participate in internships and research, and many also do volunteer work here.
Students participate in internships during the school year and over the summer.
Students participate in internships during their program of study.
Students participate in internships or as course assistants in anthropology and sociology.
Students participate in internships which take place during the senior year.
Students participate in interpersonal, group, and public speaking activities.
Students participate in interscholastic and intramural sports programs.
Students participate in it through enrichment classes during school hours every week.
Students participate in job shadowing activities.
Students participate in job shadowing, internships, apprenticeships and career mentoring.
Students participate in job shadowing, mentoring and internship experiences.
Students participate in journal writing in classes to strengthen their vocabulary.
Students participate in keeping the environment safe and healthy through assigned duties and tasks.
Students participate in laboratory exercises and build a multimedia project.
Students participate in laboratory exercises, which are constructed for problem case analysis.
Students participate in laboratory experiences where foods are prepared and evaluated.
Students participate in laboratory research in a faculty member's laboratory.
Students participate in laboratory research under the guidance of a faculty member.
Students participate in large discussion.
Students participate in Latin Culture Day.
Students participate in leading worship and preaching, under the guidance of the faculty.
Students participate in lectures, demonstrations, and course work.
Students participate in lectures, demonstrations, and hands-on experiments.
Students participate in lectures, nature walks, field exercises, spanish lessons and more.
Students participate in lectures, studio work, and other cultural activities while on campus.
Students participate in legal arguments.
Students participate in live animal-carcass evaluation contests.
Students participate in live drawing sessions to improve and engage in drawing skills.
Students participate in lively discussion and hear diverse points of view.
Students participate in local and national activities.
Students participate in local and national competitions.
Students participate in local and state industry trade shows, meetings, and scholarship programs.
Students participate in local events that enrich the minds and souls of students.
Students participate in local, regional and state competitions in the arts.
Students participate in local, state, and national performances.
Students participate in major dramatic production for television.
Students participate in management activities and the delivery of service.
Students participate in management simulation as senior executives of a regional domestic carrier.
Students participate in management simulation.
Students participate in many academic honors activities, programs, clubs, and organizations.
Students participate in many aspects of the experience.
Students participate in many community-wide social service projects.
Students participate in many extracurricular activities and sports.
Students participate in many extracurricular activities, events, and organizations.
Students participate in many hands-on learning activities.
Students participate in many of our research projects and receive hands-on training in the process.
Students participate in many of the departmental affairs.
Students participate in many service groups, clubs, and activities .
Students participate in many sports and clubs.
Students participate in meal enhancement program at local hospital.
Students participate in meaningful community service projects .
Students participate in meaningful community service projects.
Students participate in mediation exercises and simulations.
Students participate in mentored internships in a wide variety of organizations.
Students participate in mindful processing of information.
Students participate in mini recitals for parents and friends.
Students participate in mixed grade heterogeneous groups for reading, writing, and discovery time.
Students participate in mock trials and moot courts in a simulated courtroom.
Students participate in mock trials, take depositions, and write briefs and news accounts.
Students participate in monthly meetings and organize workshops, field trips and lectures.
Students participate in more extracurricular activities and feel a greater sense of belonging.
Students participate in multiple supervised classroom experiences.
Students participate in museum exhibits, educational, journalism, or scientific research projects.
Students participate in music and worship leadership.
Students participate in music classes, ensembles, and other groups and events.
Students participate in music, art, physical education and foreign language enrichment classes.
Students participate in national and regional conferences.
Students participate in national competitions.
Students participate in national, state, and local elections.
Students participate in network design and implementatio n project.
Students participate in network design and implementation project.
Students participate in noontime and teaching conferences.
Students participate in numerous activities in preparation for life after graduation.
Students participate in numerous class speaking activities.
Students participate in numerous clubs, including a literary magazine and the school newspaper.
Students participate in numerous daily departmental didactic and case presentation conferences.
Students participate in numerous events sponsored by the music and theatre departments.
Students participate in numerous national and regional moot court competitions.
Students participate in numerous public performances.
Students participate in off-campus laboratory work in industry or government.
Students participate in off-campus mentorships with professionals from the community.
Students participate in off-site social service projects.
Students participate in one lecture and on laboratory session per week.
Students participate in one lecture and one laboratory session each week.
Students participate in one lecture and one laboratory session per week.
Students participate in one of the ranch's many educational programs.
Students participate in one or more counseling groups, with some options for self-selection.
Students participate in one or more herb walks to begin their botanical plant identification skills.
Students participate in ongoing reflection through discussion and writing.
Students participate in ongoing research and clinical seminars.
Students participate in ongoing research that utilizes satellite and aircraft remote sensing.
Students participate in ongoing research under the direction of a faculty member.
Students participate in ongoing seminars as part of the university's intellectual community.
Students participate in online courses via computer from home or another location.
Students participate in oral communication exercises.
Students participate in organized service activities that accompany their regular academic classes.
Students participate in orientation, counseling, blocked courses and career planning.
Students participate in other activities that include paintball, movies, cookouts, and field days.
Students participate in outpatient clinics and weekly sports medicine conferences.
Students participate in paid and academic internships.
Students participate in paid employment with the support of a job coach.
Students participate in pantomime, skits, puppet shows, monologues.
Students participate in pediatric case conferences in presenting current cases.
Students participate in peer education and awareness programming for the campus community.
Students participate in performance and creation of short dramatic and poetic texts.
Students participate in personal as well as research-related observations.
Students participate in physical education twice a week for half an hour each time.
Students participate in physical training, land navigation, weapons and tactics.
Students participate in planned learning interactions.
Students participate in planning, execution and evaluation of class activities.
Students participate in policy-making at both the campus and universitywide levels.
Students participate in post-conferences and team conferences.
Students participate in practical application exercises and individual presentations.
Students participate in practical case studies and presentations in system analysis.
Students participate in practicum activities in schools throughout the state.
Students participate in precision drill, color guards and other co-curricular activities.
Students participate in preparation and follow-up sessions.
Students participate in preparing and present discussion material.
Students participate in preparing and presenting class materials.
Students participate in preparing and presenting discussion compounds.
Students participate in preparing and presenting discussion material.
Students participate in preparing and presenting discussion materials.
Students participate in problem-solving process.
Students participate in process and methods seminar while in internship.
Students participate in production units.
Students participate in productions.
Students participate in professional and social activities on campus as well as in the community.
Students participate in program administration under direct supervision of on-site coordinator.
Students participate in programs that combine both academic and clinical studies.
Students participate in project planning, field work, and report writing.
Students participate in projects on an individual basis.
Students participate in projects requiring the memorization, creation, and presentation of scenes.
Students participate in proposing, organizing and curating shows.
Students participate in providing clinical physics service under supervision.
Students participate in public performances during the school year.
Students participate in races in the Toronto area.
Students participate in range firing exercises under the supervision of instructors.
Students participate in reading clubs for additional focused instruction in reading and spelling.
Students participate in real life experiences within the community.
Students participate in realistic activities as part of their training.
Students participate in real-life simulations to apply their consumer skills.
Students participate in recording sessions of live performances.
Students participate in reflection on a daily basis through discussion, writing and drawing.
Students participate in regional and national activities through chapter activities.
Students participate in regional and national programming competitions.
Students participate in regional exhibitions, festivals, and competitions in the visual arts.
Students participate in regular liturgies, prayer services, and seasonal celebrations of faith.
Students participate in regular seminars to engage in discussion of their work.
Students participate in related arts classes of art, music, library, physical education and health.
Students participate in relevant field experience, all under the supervision of senior faculty.
Students participate in relevant games developed for the program.
Students participate in religion classes, track and field, a student convention, skating, and more.
Students participate in required classroom debates.
Students participate in research activities culminating in the production of documentaries.
Students participate in research activities.
Students participate in research and university teaching.
Students participate in research conducted in superb research centers and core research facilities.
Students participate in research groups with outstanding faculty throughout the program.
Students participate in research in a sub-specialty of plant physiology.
Students participate in research or applied physics outside of the university.
Students participate in research programs that are educationally and financially rewarding.
Students participate in research seminars and journal clubs throughout their graduate training.
Students participate in resource survey field work.
Students participate in resume writing, letters of application and the job interview.
Students participate in retreats, conferences, social events, and service outreach projects.
Students participate in retreats, workshops, a conference and various projects.
Students participate in rich varied programs in the arts and athletics .
Students participate in rigorous physical training.
Students participate in role play.
Students participate in role playing scenarios, and present research from case studies.
Students participate in role-playing to gain experience in counseling priests about sexual issues.
Students participate in role-plays and practical exercises.
Students participate in scene readings and staging demonstrations.
Students participate in scheduled practices and contests against other area middle schools.
Students participate in school leadership, citizenship and community service opportunities.
Students participate in school-related and community projects.
Students participate in school-wide community and city service projects throughout the school year.
Students participate in science as observers and data collectors.
Students participate in selected research study strategies.
Students participate in self assessment of strengths within the various professional nursing roles.
Students participate in self-growth activities to promote their own psychosocial adaptation.
Students participate in seminar meetings at which they speak on the progress of their projects.
Students participate in seminars and individual consultation with professors.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in business.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in counseling.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in finance.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in gerontology.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in international business.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in international relations.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in legal studies.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in management.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in marketing.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in nursing.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in public administration.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in real estate management.
Students participate in seminars designed to examine contemporary issues in security.
Students participate in seminars on British higher education and cross-cultural issues.
Students participate in seminars on legal writing, focusing on letter writing and pleading drafting.
Students participate in seminars, research and teaching.
Students participate in service projects designed to benefit community.
Students participate in service projects of their choosing.
Students participate in setting guidelines for treating each other with kindness and respect.
Students participate in settings such as newsgroup and exchange information.
Students participate in several classroom presentations.
Students participate in several experiments and prepare written reports.
Students participate in several field visits to U.S. and European multinational corporations.
Students participate in several investigations while exploring each stage of the driving question.
Students participate in several investigations while taking a closer look at the driving question.
Students participate in several mock trials.
Students participate in several observational and experimental activities.
Students participate in several parts of the program.
Students participate in several practica.
Students participate in several regional debate competitions with other debate clubs.
Students participate in short-term community building projects and community health initiatives.
Students participate in short-term projects during their weekends, winter break or spring break.
Students participate in signing situations created by the instructor.
Students participate in simulated interviews, portraying both clients and attorneys.
Students participate in simulated sessions in which they meet with a new client.
Students participate in simulations, case studies, discussions, and games and trade war stories.
Students participate in simulations, research, and design.
Students participate in sit-ins across the state.
Students participate in skits, both planned and extemporaneous.
Students participate in skits, music and lessons.
Students participate in small group instruction where they can practice conversational skills.
Students participate in small group process.
Students participate in small scale studies of human behavior.
Students participate in small-group sessions.
Students participate in snorkeling, kayaking, ecology hikes, and evening laboratory programs.
Students participate in social projects each year to help others.
Students participate in solo and ensemble competition.
Students participate in solo and ensemble performances.
Students participate in solo, small group and large chorus acts throughout the show.
Students participate in solving a significant information processing problem.
Students participate in solving problems and making decisions about their school.
Students participate in specimen grossing, frozen sections, microscopic sign-out and conferences.
Students participate in speech and essay-writing competitions and scholarships.
Students participate in sports.
Students participate in state and national horticulture competitions.
Students participate in structured physical education classes twice a week.
Students participate in structured sporting practices, coaching clinics, and games.
Students participate in student exchange with Japanese school in Switzerland.
Students participate in student inservice programs on high achievement.
Students participate in student teaching experiences in both their junior and senior year.
Students participate in studies within a framework that is challenging, creative and stimulating.
Students participate in studio and on-location audio sessions.
Students participate in summer camps, summer internships, and other ministry opportunities.
Students participate in supervised career counseling field practice.
Students participate in supervised counseling experiences in local social service agencies.
Students participate in supervised field experience in both teaching and educational administration.
Students participate in supervised fieldwork experiences and practica from the first semester on.
Students participate in taste-testing new recipes.
Students participate in teaching, in graduate seminars, and in the departmental colloquium series.
Students participate in team activities related to patient care.
Students participate in team fashion in human-factors design problems set by industry sponsors.
Students participate in team projects to apply the methods introduced.
Students participate in team sports, cooking and service projects.
Students participate in teambuilding, portfolio development, and employment activities.
Students participate in teams in completing the open-ended highway design project.
Students participate in the activity three days a week on a volunteer basis.
Students participate in the actual trial of the case at the end of spring semester.
Students participate in the annual Tree Sale and Rabies Clinic to raise funds.
Students participate in the Armadillo Derby.
Students participate in the brainstorming session and cooperate in using the Internet for a search.
Students participate in the care of clients under the direct supervision of a nursing instructor.
Students participate in the care of patients under physician supervision.
Students participate in the class by using the Internet for all or part of the coursework.
Students participate in the construction of a building.
Students participate in the culture of a host family.
Students participate in the dancer's daily warm-up as demonstrated in the lecture demonstration.
Students participate in the design and construction of a human-powered submarine.
Students participate in the design and implementation of a major software project.
Students participate in the design and imple-mentation of a microcomputer.
Students participate in the design, production, sales, and service of meals.
Students participate in the development of campus fees through their recognized governance bodies.
Students participate in the development of the criteria and the evaluation process.
Students participate in the discussions and each student prepares on opening speech.
Students participate in the diversity of the world through dance and music.
Students participate in the Euler Series or the Gauss Series.
Students participate in the evaluation of the academic advising program.
Students participate in the excavation of a site.
Students participate in the field trips interactivelly through phone calls and e-mail.
Students participate in the field trips interactively through phone calls and e-mail.
Students participate in the fields of filming, directing, script writing, and editing.
Students participate in the first year curriculum just as all first year law students do.
Students participate in the formulation and daily implementation of that plan.
Students participate in the full range of the curriculum.
Students participate in the investigative programs being pursued by the staff and research fellows.
Students participate in the local recycling drives regardless of weather conditions.
Students participate in the management of patients in both inpatients and outpatient settings.
Students participate in the Math Competition and the Science Competition.
Students participate in the monastic rhythm of study, contemplation and levity.
Students participate in the newcomer center for up to one year.
Students participate in the on-going research done by scientists from around the world.
Students participate in the operating room and in postoperative care.
Students participate in the performance of ongoing projects in designated research laboratories.
Students participate in the planning, development, and implementation of the high school.
Students participate in the production of a play for children.
Students participate in the production of a video program for industrial or institutional use.
Students participate in the program as a cohort group and proceed together through the courses.
Students participate in the program by making speeches and providing entertainment.
Students participate in the program during summers or during regular semesters.
Students participate in the program during the school year for two hours each week.
Students participate in the program for two or three semesters.
Students participate in the program from the time of acceptance through high school graduation.
Students participate in the regular classroom setting to provide the optimum learning experience.
Students participate in the regular services of the church and voluntary religious groups on campus.
Students participate in the research of selected faculty.
Students participate in the setting up, blocking, recording, and strike to community events.
Students participate in the site by writing a series of articles about a variety of topics.
Students participate in the survey on a voluntary and anonymous basis.
Students participate in the theater in the roles of both actors and stagecrew .
Students participate in the three-phase exploratory cycle during their freshman year.
Students participate in the use of the voice and body in short scenes from plays.
Students participate in the virtual classroom through an asynchronous environment.
Students participate in the workshop approximately six hours a day.
Students participate in the writing of a magazine.
Students participate in theater games, pantomime and perform scenes for the class.
Students participate in their first activity.
Students participate in their first community-based activity by year two.
Students participate in their first interprofessional project during the third semester.
Students participate in their local area's Earth Day activities.
Students participate in their own towns which involves minimal transport and administrative costs.
Students participate in three classroom seminars throughout the practicum experience.
Students participate in three field-based experiences in area public schools.
Students participate in three real-life challenges of living and working in space.
Students participate in three rotations among faculty research groups and provide graded work.
Students participate in three semesters of programmatic research under faculty direction.
Students participate in three short-term research projects with three different faculty.
Students participate in three types of authentic science activities in the program.
Students participate in tobacco prevention education class discussions, including peer pressure.
Students participate in tournaments, games, plays and demonstrations.
Students participate in trail rides, hunter trials, hunter pace events, and hunt meet pair races.
Students participate in training and development problem solving.
Students participate in training pathways at an individualized pace.
Students participate in tutorials with faculty, as well as small classes that average ten students.
Students participate in tutoring as part of the course.
Students participate in two athletic activities to fulfill their physical education requirement.
Students participate in two concerts during the school year.
Students participate in two debates.
Students participate in two field study opportunities.
Students participate in two levels of fieldwork experience throughout the three-year curriculum.
Students participate in two periods of direct teaching experience.
Students participate in two production rounds, one without training and one with training.
Students participate in typical broadcasting activities.
Students participate in undergraduate research and receive a substantial financial package.
Students participate in university coursework and field-based internships.
Students participate in values clarification exercises both in and out of the classroom.
Students participate in various activities throughout the school year.
Students participate in various classrooms, laboratory, and clinical experiences.
Students participate in various departmental and interdepartmental seminars and pass a final exam.
Students participate in various enrichment programs and clubs.
Students participate in various investigation activities and record what they learn.
Students participate in various laboratory experiments.
Students participate in various parts of the liturgy.
Students participate in various projects and attend monthly lectures by guest speakers.
Students participate in various service projects.
Students participate in various social activities throughout the year.
Students participate in various TPR activities with the vocabulary cut outs.
Students participate in videoconferences as part of classes as well as off-site interviews.
Students participate in videotaped mock interviews.
Students participate in vigorous vocal and physical activity during most classes.
Students participate in visual and performing arts workshops.
Students participate in vocational education programs consistent with vocational goals.
Students participate in volleyball and basketball games with peers and local athletes.
Students participate in volunteer activities through their classes or student organizations.
Students participate in volunteer work on a weekly basis.
Students participate in volunteer work on weekly basis.
Students participate in ward rounds, seminars, discussions and lectures.
Students participate in warm-up, aerobic workout, and cool down through stretching.
Students participate in weekly diagnostic and planning conferences.
Students participate in weekly discussions and write two essays and a final term paper.
Students participate in weekly liturgies.
Students participate in weekly nutrition classes and hunger awareness curriculum lessons.
Students participate in weekly seminars and complete a special project.
Students participate in weekly seminars featuring presentations by top researchers.
Students participate in weekly Songwriters' Circles and Open Mike nights.
Students participate in weekly staffings and clinical problem solving.
Students participate in weekly staffings and clinical problem-solving.
Students participate in weekly workshops to improve job searching and professional etiquette.
Students participate in work experiences related to their area of interest.
Students participate in work experiences related to their area of study.
Students participate in work projects with business and arts organizations in Wellington.
Students participate in workplace internships, coops.
Students participate in workshop and leadership activities.
Students participate in workshops and the creation of the scenery for school plays.
Students participate in workshops and visit non-broadcast television facilities.
Students participate in workshops of their choosing and investigate a variety of approaches.
Students participate in workshops on costume and set design, stage combat and writing.
Students participate in year-round laboratory research under the guidance of their faculty mentors.
Students participate in youth leadership conferences at regional, state, and national levels.
Students participate live to air as interviewers, disk jockeys and production coordinators.
Students participate more actively in lessons and express their Ideas more frequently.
Students participate more actively in their own learning.
Students participate off campus.
Students participate on a full-time basis.
Students participate on a space-available basis and pay only a registration fee for the quarter.
Students participate on a voluntary basis without charge for the service.
Students participate on a voluntary basis.
Students participate on a walk-in basis, though attendance is fairly regular.
Students participate on local, state, and national levels.
Students participate on the school newspaper staff and the yearbook staff.
Students participate one day per week with a certified physical education specialist.
Students participate respectfully in class disagreements.
Students participate several times each week.
Students participate successfully in many competitions.
Students participate through formal presentations, group activities, and informal class discussions.
Students participate through song leading, accolyting, and ushering.
Students participate throughout the performance.
Students participate via online discussion groups, testing, e-mail, and telephone.
Students participate weekly in activities and skills for their age.
Students participate weekly in swimming and gymnastics lessons all year long.
Students participate with instructors in selected learning experiences and evaluate their learning.
Students participate with Jacksonville companies and learn how to apply their business knowledge.
Students participate with others who face daily problems on construction projects.
Students participate with people in their homes, workplaces, schools or agencies.
Students participate with their families to survey their own personal use of natural resources.
Students participate with their fellow advisory students against other advisories at lunch.
Students participate, and it is held at the end of the first semester.
Students participate, under supervision, in basic research projects.
Students participating are able to concentrate more on technique in a smaller classroom situation.
Students participating in a dual-degree program declare a major in engineering.
Students participating in band or choir do so during first period enrichment classes.
Students participating in breakfast program enter into cafeteria.
Students participating in co-op have two options to chose from.
Students participating in co-op programs also qualify.
Students participating in deferred payment options are responsible for the entire amount of tuition.
Students participating in Drama for two years can earn a letter.
Students participating in externships are responsible for all course work missed.
Students participating in extra-curricular activities also pay a user fee.
Students participating in group lessons can request weekly homework.
Students participating in intramural sports have a chance to relax after being in classes all day.
Students participating in learning communities generally have more fun in their engineering courses.
Students participating in our programs have diverse educational backgrounds and goals.
Students participating in SIFE represent a variety of disciplines, including business.
Students participating in such events are responsible for the class work missed.
Students participating in the athletic program are also subject to the Athletic Code of Conduct.
Students participating in the choir can elect to receive one or two credits.
Students participating in the field trip are from diverse backgrounds.
Students participating in the graduation exercises pay a cap and gown fee.
Students participating in the off-campus video program register through one of the sites.
Students participating in the open writing opportunity submit a case comment for consideration.
Students participating in the planning or scheduling competitions are also eligible.
Students participating in the program are eligible to receive seven credits for the course work.
Students participating in the program are responsible for securing approval from.
Students participating in the program are responsible for their own health insurance.
Students participating in the program have an advisor in each department.
Students participating in the program pay full tuition for the semester.
Students participating in the program pay regular university tuition.
Students participating in the program study the economy of Mediterranean countries firsthand.
Students participating in the program view a video and complete a quiz on topics relevant to teens.
Students participating in the tour can receive up to six credit hours.
Students participating in the workshop are eligible for graduate or undergraduate credit.
Students participating in U.S. government-sponsored programs are also eligible.
Students participating in work experience have the same duties as other employees in the workplace.
Students participating include . . . .
Students participating the show sit in chairs in a semi-circle around the board.
Students particpate in the campus community and professional community as team members and leaders.
Students particpate in the classroom and in laboratory experimentation.
Students particularly appreciate full-text materials that include images.
Students particularly enjoy the experience of being the expert in their chosen new crop.
Students particularly enjoy their contacts with a Mexican missionary who is a ham radio operator.
Students partner up and spread out along the wall.
Students pass a map around table and take turns adding state or country names.
Students pass a written and oral preliminary examination and an oral comprehensive examination.
Students pass an electric current through a mixture of baking soda and water.
Students pass examinations.
Students pass in-school tests.
Students pass or fail.
Students pass tests by cheating.
Students pass the can if they can read it they keep the card.
Students pass the Regents exams.
Students pass time waiting for dinner.
Students pass to classes in an orderly manner.
Students pass under it as they move from class to class.
Students pass upon the favorable recommendation of the majority of the committee.
Students passing the course receive a certificate.
Students passing the test can continue their language studies according to the degree regulations.
Students passively listen to teachers lecture.
Students paste in place.
Students paste into position.
Students pause for personal reflection and writing.
Students pay a comprehensive program fee.
Students pay a computer fee which appears on their term bills.
Students pay a dollar, which gives then two votes for their favorite act.
Students pay a fee based upon the salary of the position.
Students pay a fee each semester to pay for the facility and use it for free.
Students pay a fee for access to the facility.
Students pay a fee to go wireless with their laptop computers.
Students pay a fee to post the credits earned on the transcript.
Students pay a fixed amount for their stay at the boarding facilities.
Students pay a high price for direct lending.
Students pay a lot for private lessons, and they deserve the best.
Students pay a modest annual fee for parking.
Students pay a nominal fee to cover partial cost of tickets.
Students pay a non-refundable payment plan fee to participate, but no interest is charged.
Students pay a one-time lab fee at the beginning of the program.
Students pay a one-time membership fee.
Students pay a placement fee and are responsible for their travelling expenses.
Students pay a quarter to guess the names of the teachers.
Students pay a refundable deposit on audio cassettes.
Students pay a refundable security deposit and a lease fee on entering the housing.
Students pay a required computer access fee when they register for classes.
Students pay a single program fee based on enrollment.
Students pay a small fee for emergency treatment and limited consultation with staff physicians.
Students pay a small fee for their chosen teachers' contact information.
Students pay a small fee to take the challenging after-school courses.
Students pay a small monthly fee for our service.
Students pay a technology fee over and above their tuition fee.
Students pay a test fee directly to the test service.
Students pay a usage fee.
Students pay a yearly fee for the service.
Students pay about a third of the educational operating budgets.
Students pay all bills here.
Students pay all costs for long distance service.
Students pay all expenses, including tuition and fees during the supervised practice rotations.
Students pay all fees directly to the foreign institution or program provider.
Students pay all other fees, including room and board, to host institution.
Students pay all postage.
Students pay all tuition and fees.
Students pay an additional activities fee and seniors pay an additional graduation fee.
Students pay an additional distance education fee for courses in the special education major.
Students pay an additional fee which covers food and gas.
Students pay an additional media fee and other fees.
Students pay an annual membership fee and reasonable program fees.
Students pay an annual student body fee, which supports both social and professional activities.
Students pay an online fee to access their course materials.
Students pay any fees charged by lending institutions for interlibrary loan.
Students pay as residents of the state in which they are exchanging.
Students pay as they train.
Students pay at a reduced tuition rate.
Students pay at registration.
Students pay attention in class and are very respectful.
Students pay attention to virtually anything online.
Students pay attention to visual techniques .
Students pay board in Brazil.
Students pay by credit card, and the books are mailed to the student.
Students pay costs no scholarships available.
Students pay course fees or receive industry sponsorship.
Students pay direct fees charged by lending libraries.
Students pay directly for caps, gowns, tassels, announcements, etc.
Students pay directly to the university.
Students pay electronically for lessons in advance.
Students pay elevated prices for a small meal.
Students pay enrollment fees at the college where they are electing units.
Students pay entirely for activities such as the French cuisine course and wine tasting course.
Students pay entry fees where appropriate.
Students pay families directly on a monthly basis.
Students pay fees also.
Students pay fees for computer use out of their payments to the university.
Students pay fees for the courses.
Students pay fees for their lessons themselves.
Students pay fees on a per-credit basis at rates equivalent to graduate tuition.
Students pay five semesters of law school tuition and three semesters of business school tuition.
Students pay food and lodging expenses.
Students pay for a one hour lesson and have the rest of the time to ski with their friends.
Students pay for airfare and food.
Students pay for all other fees such as parking, materials, books and supplies.
Students pay for and clean their own surgical gowns.
Students pay for and clean their surgical gowns.
Students pay for books and some living expenses.
Students pay for classes at the time of registration.
Students pay for classes, one semester at a time.
Students pay for computer-related expenses including hardware, software and Internet connection.
Students pay for consecutive lectures as a way of learning with the aid of discipline.
Students pay for courses taken each semester.
Students pay for each item individually, as in a restaurant.
Students pay for extras.
Students pay for food and pre-arranged housing.
Students pay for hours registered as detailed in the fee schedule.
Students pay for it in costly tuition charges and high dorm fees.
Students pay for materials and apparatus lost or broken in experiments and practice work.
Students pay for materials.
Students pay for medical supplies and prescription drugs when they are provided at the center.
Students pay for most of their lunches and dinners and incidental expenses.
Students pay for pharmaceuticals, orthopedic equipment, specialty clinics and psychological testing.
Students pay for phone usage individually.
Students pay for photographic paper individually.
Students pay for preparation time as a part of their fees.
Students pay for rental of a bedroom and, in many cases, kitchen and laundry privileges.
Students pay for room, board, registration, and incidental expenses only.
Students pay for the classes through the college.
Students pay for the discounted pass as part of their regular activity fees.
Students pay for their books and all other fees.
Students pay for their instruction and are more conscientious about learning.
Students pay for their kits at the beginning of the class.
Students pay for their lunch in the morning in the cafeteria.
Students pay for their meals as they go.
Students pay for their meals at the time of purchase.
Students pay for their medical treatment. .
Students pay for their own accommodations, entry and tour guide fees.
Students pay for their own airfare, housing, and meals.
Students pay for their own board.
Students pay for their own books.
Students pay for their own exams.
Students pay for their own food.
Students pay for their own housing and transportation expenses.
Students pay for their own housing, meals, transportation and incidentals.
Students pay for their own housing.
Students pay for their own meals and incidental expenses.
Students pay for their own pop.
Students pay for their own private calls.
Students pay for their own transportation and housing costs for the regional locations.
Students pay for their own transportation on a school bus, skiis, lessons, and lift tickets.
Students pay for their own travel and personal expenses.
Students pay for their own travel, food, and accommodations for the weekend colloquia.
Students pay for their own travel, food, and accommodations while they are in Prescott.
Students pay for their own utilities.
Students pay for their personal counselling, however, a list of reduced fee therapists is provided.
Students pay for travel to and from Germany as well as incidental expenses.
Students pay for traveling time if taught in their home.
Students pay for tuition, and usually also for room and board and other fees, in one sum.
Students pay for what they receive.
Students pay full tuition and fees to audit courses.
Students pay full tuition for any course audited.
Students pay graduate fees once they have been fully admitted as graduate students.
Students pay greens fees only.
Students pay half price for tickets.
Students pay half tuition.
Students pay half-price for fare cards.
Students pay half-price.
Students pay in advance for the coming month of classes based on the number of weeks in that month.
Students pay in frustration and in dollars.
Students pay in two installments.
Students pay insurance and origination fees on each loan disbursement.
Students pay interest charges while enrolled, or have the interest capitalized.
Students pay just as much attention when female students speak as when male students speak.
Students pay less for their textbooks and gain access to multimedia-rich, timely information.
Students pay less in tuition and fees for courses taught at a community college.
Students pay long distance fees to call the teleconference line.
Students pay Miami tuition and fees and room and board.
Students pay minimal or no charges, depending on the services rendered.
Students pay monthly via automatic bank transfer.
Students pay much more attention to rules which they have had a hand in creating.
Students pay museum entrance fees.
Students pay no dues and become members by attending a majority of monthly lectures.
Students pay no fees for application, tuition, books or materials.
Students pay no interest on the loan until they begin repaying the loan.
Students pay no interest while they are enrolled at least half-time.
Students pay no membership fees and receive journals at reduced rates.
Students pay no other mandatory fees.
Students pay no tuition nor ancillary fees.
Students pay no tuition, only a nominal registration fee.
Students pay no tuition.
Students pay normal tuition for internship, cooperative education, and practicum placements.
Students pay nothing beyond the university's regular state tuition.
Students pay nothing, and the staff receives no profit for their services.
Students pay only a portion of the real cost of their education.
Students pay only for books.
Students pay only for food and incidentals while on the trip.
Students pay only for meals they choose to eat.
Students pay only for textbooks and any lab, technology or student fees.
Students pay only for the activities in which they wish to participate.
Students pay only for the number of credits for which they are enrolled, plus a laboratory fee.
Students pay only for their books but earn salary hikes by furthering their education.
Students pay only for their books.
Students pay only minimal entrance fees.
Students pay ONLY SDSU tuition.
Students pay only the registration fee and purchase books and supplies.
Students pay only tuition fee on a yearly basis.
Students pay own transportation, subsistence and tuition.
Students pay per class.
Students pay plenty to go to university and expect a good job as a result.
Students pay postage on all assignments and examinations sent for grading.
Students pay postage on all assignments and exams sent for grading.
Students pay postage on materials sent to the school.
Students pay reduced fees while professional members pay regular fees.
Students pay regular college tuition plus the cost of equipment being used during their training.
Students pay regular graduate tuition plus a distance delivery fee.
Students pay regular state university semester fees instead of the per unit summer session fees.
Students pay regular summer UM tuition rates.
Students pay regular tuition and fees for enrollment in fieldwork.
Students pay regular tuition fees at their own school and their own transportation costs.
Students pay regular tuition to and maintain regular student status at their home campus.
Students pay regular tuition, travel and living expenses, and a modest international surcharge.
Students pay retail price.
Students pay semester by semester as they advance through the program.
Students pay separately for books and other course materials.
Students pay separately for room and public area damages.
Students pay the appropriate test fee and complete the computer-based exam.
Students pay the appropriate tuition rate to the community college offering the course.
Students pay the cost of their own round-trip transportation, books, and personal expenses.
Students pay the cost of tuition and fees for the course before the examination is administered.
Students pay the designated semester charge each semester that they are enrolled.
Students pay the designated semester charge each semester they are enrolled.
Students pay the direct cost of diplomas and caps and gowns.
Students pay the fee with their application fee.
Students pay the fees.
Students pay the health insurance fee at the same time they pay for their tuition.
Students pay the hotel directly by the week or month in U.S. dollars.
Students pay the institution offering the course which, in turn, grades the student.
Students pay the landlord directly on a monthly basis.
Students pay the late fee only once per semester or module.
Students pay the parking fee along with their tuition.
Students pay the per credit rate regardless of the number of credits taken.
Students pay the per-credit rate of the school offering the course.
Students pay the postage for materials sent to the distance learning school.
Students pay the postage on assignments and examinations submitted to be graded.
Students pay the premiums for their spouses and dependents.
Students pay the premiums themselves.
Students pay the price for that failure.
Students pay the regular credit hours fee per course.
Students pay the regular tuition fee.
Students pay the regular tutorial fees.
Students pay the remainder of the cost.
Students pay the same fee for the test as they do for a prior learning portfolio.
Students pay the same tuition and fees as that of their home institution.
Students pay the same tuition as fees as regularly enrolled students.
Students pay the travel agent directly for the flight.
Students pay the tuition of their home college.
Students pay the tuition rate at their campus and no additional tuition to the receiving campus.
Students pay the tutor directly at each session.
Students pay their fees at the rates which are in effect at the time of payment.
Students pay their graduation fee at the time of registration for the last semester of enrollment.
Students pay their own bowling fees.
Students pay their own expenses to attend the course.
Students pay their own expenses.
Students pay their own fare.
Students pay their own green fees.
Students pay their own international airfare and any other travel expenses.
Students pay their own meals costs in Taiwan.
Students pay their own travel costs between Canada and their home country.
Students pay their own travel expenses to and from the field.
Students pay their own tuition fees.
Students pay their room and board costs for the field exercise.
Students pay their tuition and fees, and then can claim a tax credit against their tax liability.
Students pay through their activity fees.
Students pay to have credentials maintained.
Students pay to participate in conference programs.
Students pay to Richmond the current UR rates for tuition to Richmond.
Students pay travel costs in addition to tuition.
Students pay tuition according to their residency status.
Students pay tuition and fees at their home institution.
Students pay tuition and fees to ERAU prior to departure.
Students pay tuition at their home institution and attend another institution for one or two terms.
Students pay tuition costs to their home schools.
Students pay tuition fees at their own university while they study at the host university.
Students pay tuition fees by session.
Students pay tuition for the entire term at the time of registration.
Students pay tuition for the ship fare, meals and cabin accommodations.
Students pay tuition here to study in another country.
Students pay tuition only.
Students pay tuition plus all expenses.
Students pay tuition plus all their expenses.
Students pay tuition to their sponsoring institution which awards the credit.
Students pay tuition up front, and the instructors are paid on the piece rate.
Students pay tuition, fees, and fines through the cashier's office or by a credit card on the web.
Students pay tuition, lab fees and purchase their own books and consumable supplies.
Students pay tutoring costs themselves.
Students pay undergraduate tuition for graduate-level courses taken as undergraduates.
Students pay university tuition plus a fee for living facilities and subsistence.
Students pay UR tuition.
Students pay very small co-payments for most services.
Students pay whatever the individual college charges for a similar regular class.
Students paying daily pay the cashier.
Students paying for their higher education show every sign of becoming more litigious.
Students paying full overseas student fees are eligible.
Students peel, core, and slice the apples into medium size pieces.
Students peer edit ads.
Students peer edit their papers.
Students peer edit writing.
Students peer review each other's drafts and revise their manuscripts accordingly.
Students peer review research reports.
Students peer review the work of other students.
Students peer teach new students during center time.
Students perceive a lack of coordination between offices.
Students perceive and experience it as apathy.
Students perceive that faculty are involved in students lives outside of class.
Students perceive that it is dangerous to skew data and thus misinform people.
Students perceive that more violence is occurring in schools than teachers.
Students perceive the computer tests to be easier and less tiring than paper and pencil tests.
Students perceive the environment and respond, using movement and voice.
Students perceive the internist professional life as providing deep personal and human satisfaction.
Students perceive the newspaper as an adult source of information.
Students perceive the requirements as an obstacle.
Students perf orm in fully staged productions as well as revues and cabaret theatre.
Students perfect swimming skills, learn techniques of teaching all levels of swimming.
Students perfect the writing skills learned in the third year course.
Students perfect their expressive ASL skills through guided composition of oral expository text.
Students perfect their skills gradually as the experiments become more complex.
Students perfect to a greater degree their abilities to speak, write and read in Spanish.
Students perfect writing skills by developing themes in compositions.
Students perform a clinical internship in their second year of the program.
Students perform a few experiments in the lab that demonstrate solutions and suspensions.
Students perform a financial audit and engage in a financial simulation.
Students perform a hands-on activity where they shine light on different colored materials.
Students perform a musical in the spring.
Students perform a number of computer-based experiments and report on their findings.
Students perform a number of duties including trail maintenance and campground cleanup.
Students perform a practicum in a physician's office or health care facility.
Students perform a prepared audition each semester for purposes of placement and evaluation.
Students perform a routine at the end of the semester.
Students perform a Shiatsu technique meant to relieve neck and back strain.
Students perform a technology assessment.
Students perform a three month clerkship.
Students perform a total of five two-week laboratory experiments during the semester.
Students perform a traditional belly dance.
Students perform a variety of advanced experiments in physics.
Students perform a variety of animal movements and simple stunts.
Students perform a variety of broadcast assignments.
Students perform a variety of community service projects.
Students perform a variety of selections and styles, including original works.
Students perform a variety of tasks from administrative duties to on-air board shifts.
Students perform a variety of tasks.
Students perform a wide variety of library assignments under a three level classification system.
Students perform acid-base titrations to determine the concentration and composition of solutions.
Students perform activities.
Students perform addition on matrices and vectors.
Students perform adjustments to, and balance checks of, flight controls.
Students perform advanced music from that standard choral repertoire.
Students perform advanced music from the standard choral repertoire.
Students perform agarose gel electrophoresis to analyze DNA samples from a mock crime scene.
Students perform all activities of a regularly employed staff member in the setting.
Students perform all custodial duties.
Students perform all duties, from fund raising to photography to layout to writing.
Students perform all editing, reporting, photography, and managing of business.
Students perform all experiments ndependently.
Students perform all of the barn chores and manage the whole operation.
Students perform all of the necessary bookkeeping transactions for and actual business.
Students perform all operations necessary to print a large variety of substrates on all lab presses.
Students perform all techniques mentioned.
Students perform all the duties normally assigned to public school teachers.
Students perform all the work.
Students perform all types of engine work using the latest rebuilding equipment.
Students perform all uploads and downloads of survey questions and database answers.
Students perform along side their teachers for each of the concerts.
Students perform an experiment to discover that soil can filter water.
Students perform analyses of known and unknown mixtures of anions and cations.
Students perform analyses with all instruments.
Students perform and are critiqued by faculty and guests.
Students perform and are exposed to a variety of intra oral surgical procedures.
Students perform and direct a series of one-act plays each fall.
Students perform and interpret various examinations in diagnostic radiology and special procedures.
Students perform and lead discussions with students on appreciating opera.
Students perform and learn to teach music.
Students perform and present a posture evaluation, including documentation of results.
Students perform and reflect upon a service activity of their choosing.
Students perform and study music written specifically for smaller instrumental music ensembles.
Students perform and study music written specifically for smaller vocal musical ensembles.
Students perform and write scenes, and normally collaborate on at least one group project.
Students perform applications functions on a microcomputer system.
Students perform as a small ensemble.
Students perform as an ensemble singing a variety of contemporary and classical music.
Students perform as cadet officers.
Students perform as groups by academic year, as small groups of friends, or even in solos.
Students perform as small ensemble chamber orchestra.
Students perform as small ensemble of chamber singers.
Students perform as small ensemble of folk singers.
Students perform as soloists, group members, and accompanists.
Students perform Ask the students if they feel the music enhances the text.
Students perform assessed coursework exercises individually and in small groups.
Students perform at a number of concerts and festivals throughout the year.
Students perform at an intermediate level of proficiency upon completion.
Students perform at concerts, school assemblies, competitions, and festivals.
Students perform at least one dance or cultural presentation for each culture represented.
Students perform at levels.
Students perform at school assemblies and in the community when asked.
Students perform at the highest level in every area of school life.
Students perform at three concerts during the year and in solo and ensemble contests.
Students perform basic dressage on difficult horses.
Students perform basic troubleshooting using logical methods and various diagnostic tools.
Students perform better in exams if they have tried something similar in class.
Students perform better in online courses.
Students perform better in orderly, large classes than in disruptive, smaller ones.
Students perform better in small schools.
Students perform better when challenged in an active learning environment.
Students perform better, both academically and socially, when they are at school every day.
Students perform both as soloists and as members of chamber music ensembles in the recitals.
Students perform cellular enumeration and various chemical test procedures.
Students perform cellular enumeration and various chemical tests with patient data.
Students perform chant for another class.
Students perform classic soil tests used by real scientists.
Students perform classroom observations in early childhood settings.
Students perform client intake and follow-up evaluation on clients.
Students perform college level work successfully in the same or related disciplines.
Students perform common household tasks like melting chocolate.
Students perform communication functions at the same time they complete their academic training.
Students perform community service and reflect on their experience as required by concurrent course.
Students perform community services each year they are enrolled.
Students perform comparative dissections of other animals.
Students perform computational exercises, library research, and present results.
Students perform computer simulations of some of the examined models.
Students perform concerts in large ensembles during the winter and spring.
Students perform concerts, competitions, and festivals throughout the year.
Students perform cultural entertainment from their native country.
Students perform dance from various cultures and historical periods.
Students perform detailed dissections of specific selected regions of the body.
Students perform diagnosis and treatment for a variety of speech and hearing disorders.
Students perform diagnostic radiographic examinations on a variety of patients.
Students perform diagnostic tests using blood drawn in laboratory.
Students perform dietary surveys on clinic patients and plan nutritional dietary programs.
Students perform dissections and other laboratory exercises.
Students perform dissections on a wide variety of organisms, including working with a cadaver.
Students perform during the week while big-name stars highlight the weekend events.
Students perform duties as leaders of small units.
Students perform duties assigned by the job site supervisor.
Students perform duties related to classroom instruction during their time at the jobsite.
Students perform electrical stimulation on their classmates.
Students perform energy balances on the dialysis process.
Students perform examinations with indirect supervision.
Students perform exercises in the fundamentals of voice, movement, and concentration.
Students perform exercises that incorporate the skills taught in each chapter.
Students perform experiments and write research papers on selected topics.
Students perform experiments designed to investigate basic processes of social psychology.
Students perform experiments during the lecture hour as well as at home.
Students perform experiments.
Students perform extensively in class.
Students perform fertilization under their microscopes and make observations.
Students perform for a jury examination by the department staff upon completion of the semester.
Students perform for both the school and the community.
Students perform for churches, school assemblies, and other groups.
Students perform for the class throughout the semester on their instrument.
Students perform for the class.
Students perform for their parents during two yearly concerts.
Students perform for three judges and receive written critiques of their performance.
Students perform frequently throughout the year.
Students perform frequently, individually and in groups.
Students perform hands-on exercises.
Students perform hands-on laboratory research under the guidance of faculty in the division.
Students perform health histories, physical examinations, and selected laboratory tests.
Students perform human cadaver anatomy dissection in groups of five or six students.
Students perform hundreds of searches looking for schools and programs.
Students perform improvisation by taking suggestions from the audience.
Students perform in a concert at the end of each semester.
Students perform in a live production as culmination of the study of acting.
Students perform in a major theatrical production.
Students perform in a special sharing for parents and friends at the end of the workshop.
Students perform in and produce plays and faculty present a series of musical recitals.
Students perform in class to their favorite contemporary music.
Students perform in class.
Students perform in community crossover class.
Students perform in competitive skits as well as group and solo performances.
Students perform in concerts on campus and throughout the Houston community.
Students perform in fully staged productions as well as revues and cabaret theatre.
Students perform in fully staged productions, as well as cabarets and reviews.
Students perform in new works and previously published plays.
Students perform in no less than four plays that are fully staged and costumed.
Students perform in orchestras, bands, jazz groups, choirs, and smaller ensembles.
Students perform in recitals and compete annually in statewide music competitions.
Students perform in recitals and concerts.
Students perform in Russian a play of their own composition in the course of the semester.
Students perform in several concerts throughout the year.
Students perform in small, coached instrumental and vocal chamber music ensembles.
Students perform in Student Concerts.
Students perform in various leader ship positions and present classroom instruction.
Students perform in various leadership roles and present classroom instruction.
Students perform in various on-campus venues and attend performances of other gospel choirs.
Students perform individual and partner sequences on the floor, and on small or large apparatus .
Students perform individualized and original laboratory work.
Students perform individualized multi-step synthetic procedures.
Students perform informally in closed master classes and critiques sessions.
Students perform installation, configuration and troubleshooting activities in lab sessions.
Students perform integrated laboratory experiments in biochemistry.
Students perform interactive simulations of biological mechanisms.
Students perform Internet research to gather data , images and text concerning the Red River flood.
Students perform it for their first test and perform it mirror-image for their greenbelt test.
Students perform lab exercises designed to apply theories to actual problem solving.
Students perform lab experiments and observe the reversibility of chemical reactions.
Students perform laboratory and field exercises designed to illustrate principles.
Students perform laboratory and field work during assigned lab periods.
Students perform laboratory experiments and prepare technical reports.
Students perform lawyering skills in real cases or simulations.
Students perform legislative research and assist with constituent service.
Students perform manual labor and minister as needed.
Students perform matrix multiplication, multiply vectors by matrices and by scalars.
Students perform model generation, solution and post-processing of results.
Students perform monologues, duets and scenes from popular and obscure plays.
Students perform monologues, scenes, and acting exercises to develop fundamental performance skills.
Students perform more writing in an on-line course because all communications are written.
Students perform music of Africa, Cuba, Brazil, Mexico and others.
Students perform music with increasing authenticity of style.
Students perform music, drama and dance from many different cultures.
Students perform numerous lab exercises, interpret data, and form conclusions.
Students perform object linking and embedding within a suite of programs.
Students perform observations in allied health settings related to athletic training.
Students perform observations.
Students perform on an instrument from each of the basic instrumental families.
Students perform on-campus, in chapel and for departmental recitals.
Students perform one of the evening's dances.
Students perform one piece of their choice that ranges from five to seven minutes long.
Students perform operations on functions and determine the domain and range of the results.
Students perform panel and overall refinishing using the latest techniques and equipment.
Students perform pediatric assessment tools on typically developing children.
Students perform physical and emotional assessments and deliver pre and post-partum care.
Students perform physical movement skills effectively in a variety of settings.
Students perform plays and dances, play music, and display artwork related to the four countries.
Students perform plays and music and parents view the students artwork.
Students perform plays and report on individual outside reading.
Students perform preventive and prophylactic treatment for patients.
Students perform preventive maintenance service checks and tune-ups.
Students perform professional functions in an appropriate establishment.
Students perform programming and support tasks.
Students perform progression for basic skills on all equipment.
Students perform prose, poetry, drama, and nonfiction sources.
Students perform radiographic quality experiments.
Students perform recitals and often participate in area festivals, group functions and parades.
Students perform regularly throughout the semester.
Students perform related duties in the clinical setting under direct supervision.
Students perform relevant task to the discipline and profession.
Students perform research and experiments, and then present their findings.
Students perform research and experiments, then make presentations on their findings.
Students perform research and experiments, then present their findings.
Students perform research and respond to constituent requests.
Students perform research projects with individual faculty members.
Students perform research under the guidance of one of the center's graduate faculty members.
Students perform research under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students perform role-plays.
Students perform routine and specialized procedures in serology and cellular immunology.
Students perform routine office assignments, such as answering the phone and delivering messages.
Students perform scientific tests on both ponds and produce lab reports.
Students perform seismic tests on concrete cylinders.
Students perform select opera scenes and participate in large ensembles as well.
Students perform selections in class.
Students perform self-assessment tests and TMAs that give insight to their progress.
Students perform service as way to gather, test, and apply content and skills of existing courses.
Students perform service in their communities that is linked to what they are learning in school.
Students perform service work through the local volunteer organization.
Students perform shows and exhibit their artwork at various locations in the neighborhood.
Students perform simple analyses of data sets.
Students perform simple arithmetic to answer questions about a musher's life with dogs.
Students perform simple operative procedures for patients.
Students perform simple tasks to give concrete meaning to the terms work, energy and power.
Students perform six laboratories with personal mulitmeters using parts kits sold by the department.
Students perform skits.
Students perform solos and in small groups.
Students perform some service for the activity scholarships, such as aiding in a studio area.
Students perform songs of various languages, with emphasis on stylistic interpretation and diction.
Students perform spatial analysis and present findings, in written, oral and cartographic form.
Students perform spatial analysis and present findings, in written, oral, and cartographic form.
Students perform stoichiometric calculations.
Students perform strokes for efficiency and power.
Students perform subsequent steps.
Students perform successfully at different levels of technical prowess.
Students perform tap, jazz, ballet, lyrical, pom and tumbling routines.
Students perform tasks consistent with topics studied in the prerequisite automotive courses.
Students perform tasks such as managing files, directories and disks.
Students perform tasks.
Students perform the basic skills of the activities and apply the rules and playing procedures.
Students perform the breaststroke with an emphasis placed on coordinated kicks and pulls.
Students perform the chant for another class.
Students perform the experiment and record their results on another postit note.
Students perform the experiment and then leave the sponges out to dry.
Students perform the experiment to test the model's predictions.
Students perform the experiment.
Students perform the interview by asking the questions that have been prepared previously.
Students perform the jobs of announcers, camera and sound personnel.
Students perform the movement until the music starts again.
Students perform the services under professional supervision.
Students perform the steps necessary to pinpoint failed components, and restart a system.
Students perform the task immediately with feedback.
Students perform the various functions necessary to complete the project at an individual pace.
Students perform their experiment, record data, and state a conclusion.
Students perform their experiments alongside a computer.
Students perform their finished work at school assemblies and in the community.
Students perform their interviews in front of the class.
Students perform their new work before the concert to each other.
Students perform their own skits and role play in presenting the various hospital areas.
Students perform their scripts for a class.
Students perform their service and can then come into the classroom and share their experiences.
Students perform their works and enjoy sharing their music with their peers.
Students perform theoretical or experimental work under individual faculty supervision.
Students perform three evening concerts, each of which is free and open to the public.
Students perform three trials of each experimental meteorite drop into the pan.
Students perform tool tryout and analysis.
Students perform traditional pieces along with their own composed works.
Students perform twice during the year.
Students perform under direct supervision of a radiographer.
Students perform under indirect supervision of a radiographer.
Students perform under the supervision of designated preceptors at the affiliated hospitals.
Students perform upper and lower quarter screens for Slippery Rock community members and students.
Students perform using variables to describe numerical patterns accurately and efficiently.
Students perform various leadership roles and conduct classroom instruction.
Students perform various leadership roles and present classroom instruction.
Students perform various tasks on customer as well as student-owned vehicles.
Students perform various tests and projects in the radiology department.
Students perform various water quality tests at the stream site and in the laboratory.
Students perform venipuncture and skin puncture techniques on outpatients and inpatients.
Students perform Visual Basic functions on a micro computed system.
Students perform web searches, and design and produce an informational web page.
Students perform weekly field work in the ocean to learn about research methods.
Students perform well above the national average on standardized tests.
Students perform well on district levels tests.
Students perform well on end of course tests, especially in the areas of mathematics and science.
Students perform with expression and accuracy an accompaniment of a folk song.
Students perform with musicality and proficiency.
Students perform work on customer vehicles.
Students perform work related to their major.
Students perform written work from textbooks.
Students perform, analyse, and create transformations.
Students perform, analyze, and prepare lesson assignments in music of all style periods.
Students perform, occasionally in the same company as professional dancers.
Students performing a half or full solo recital are exempt from the jury exam during that semester.
Students performing at a proficient level can perform the skills most of the time.
Students performing course work, taking prep test achieve high exam grades.
Students performing experimental work are normally assigned offices in or near their lab.
Students performing well on the tests can receive college credit or advanced placement.
Students periodically make oral presentations to experience speaking before a critical audience.
Students periodically report and record their progress in extensive reading and reading speed.
Students personalize the template.
Students personalize their learning of material in a motivational and interactive context.
Students personalize their own folder.
Students personalize their skirts by using logos from clubs, sports and even after school jobs.
Students personally experiment with each medium in class.
Students personally explore the microstructure of everyday materials.
Students personify our very mobile society by moving from school to school and district to district.
Students petition to transfer course credit after returning from studying.
Students phobic to gifted are welcome.
Students photograph models together with non-apparel products to produce marketable imagery.
Students photograph on color film and make color prints.
Students physically demonstrate comprehension of key classroom vocabulary.
Students pick a category and answer questions posed in different ways.
Students pick a color on the flower and attach the appropriate colored petal to fastener first.
Students pick a crew member to follow through the voyage.
Students pick a letter and research something beginning with that letter.
Students pick a planet to illustrate and use chalk to create the colors and shading.
Students pick a proverb and use it as a theme to organize a presentation.
Students pick a research topic for intense study.
Students pick a state, then have to find pictures and facts using the Internet.
Students pick a subject of their choice and write, shoot and edit their own piece.
Students pick a teacher's suggestions or come up with their own idea for an occupation.
Students pick a topic for a small research project at the start of the quarter.
Students pick an element to research using web and library sources.
Students pick an endangered animal and write a report about it that is then posted on the website.
Students pick and choose their way through the various levels in their pursuit of a C, B or A grade.
Students pick different topics, receive clues, do their investigations to answer the mystery.
Students pick famous or important people to research.
Students pick from a list of explorers.
Students pick from a wide variety of print, broadcast, or educational media.
Students pick individual roles.
Students pick key public issue policy.
Students pick one CD from readings and present it in class.
Students pick one main area of study.
Students pick out food.
Students pick out one card in turn and create similes by using the adjective on the card.
Students pick positions for the crew.
Students pick team project and work together on real astronomical scientific problems.
Students pick teams of five to work together to find and kill assassins on other teams in the club.
Students pick the areas they wish to emphasize - conversation, comprehension, writing, etc.
Students pick the departments they rotate through every ten weeks.
Students pick the eggs from a basket.
Students pick the topic and begin to create methods of expressing how they feel.
Students pick their dream career and then see what it takes to achieve their goals.
Students pick their own mealworm.
Students pick their own research projects to work on in small groups.
Students pick three things in the playground to give directions to.
Students pick tutor included in registry for fee.
Students pick two, three, or four of the best sketches.
Students pick up a new fad for getting around campus .
Students pick up a new packet when they drop off their finished work.
Students pick up code and are given guidelines for long distance access.
Students pick up litter in the parking lot and on weekly nature walks.
Students pick up on the concerns of parents and teachers.
Students pick up outdoor litter, categorize and record the number of items they pick up.
Students pick up paper, and bring it to sites to be sorted.
Students pick up registration materials from home campus counselor.
Students pick up schedules, pictures, etc.
Students pick up the bow and have it ready to knock an arrow.
Students pick up the costs for materials, or sometimes there's a registration fee.
Students pick up trash on Earth Day and analyze what they find.
Students pick up trash.
Students pick UWW because of safety.
Students picnic at their study site.
Students pile up moist sand or dirt and put a can with one end removed in the top of the mound.
Students pilfer articles from a bewildering variety of sources.
Students pin and sew two pieces together.
Students pin their paper with the four designs under their square.
Students Pin up their Exercises.
Students place a arrow on top of the table, with the odd colored or cock feather up.
Students place a card on the unit, touch the launch icon, and blast off to learn.
Students place a check mark in the appropriate box.
Students place a cut-up story written in the conversational past in correct sequence.
Students place a great deal of trust in their advisers.
Students place a great deal of trust in their advisors.
Students place a high value on democracy, patriotism and the cultural heritage of all people.
Students place a higher importance than the others.
Students place a lima bean seed onto a wet paper towel.
Students place a metal crosshair along tick marks on the diagram in order to interpret the data.
Students place and glue the completed puzzles on a nest that has been drawn on a piece of paper.
Students place appropriate number of pigs in each puddle to work the problem.
Students place candy orders and receive candy once a week.
Students place counters on the touch points of numbers.
Students place decimal points in multi-digit numbers to make absurd statements more reasonable.
Students place into one of five Spanish courses.
Students place letters on cookie sheet to practice spelling words, vocabulary words, etc.
Students place name tag in appropriate section of graph.
Students place products and support material into the appropriate section of the handbook.
Students place shoe boxes in one corner of room so no one knows which is which.
Students place shoes in one pile.
Students place situations on the continuum.
Students place that coin value on their desks.
Students place that digit in any box they wish.
Students place the cap tightly on the bottle.
Students place the cord through the loop and tie a knot in the cord.
Students place the number of hours next to the appropriate labels.
Students place the object on or in the implement and throw toward the wall-using a backhand action.
Students place the seed on a wet paper towel, which is placed on a tray.
Students place the tip of their pencil in the middle of the paper and close their eyes.
Students place their animal information in their three-pronged notebook.
Students place their books in front of the goddess.
Students place their books in the appropriate collection bags in the classrooms.
Students place their chalkboards face down to show they are ready.
Students place their own value on the components of the plan, valuing some courses over others.
Students place their pencil on the first color coded start dot and draw the first line.
Students place their recyclable materials into the appropriate bins.
Students place their rock properties charts into their science notebooks.
Students place their wetland models on their desks and take a tour of the room.
Students place themselves into the role of one of the stakeholders.
Students place two or three items on top of their desks.
Students place various amounts of counters or other small objects in individual plastic bags.
Students place witches on bulletin board.
Students placed in Finland or Switzerland pay a consular fee of approx.
Students placed in internships gain direct professional experience in a real working environment.
Students placed in Portuguese level IV and V are free to choose any other courses.
Students placed in the beginning course meet more intensively for the first two weeks.
Students placed in the proper level courses have a much better chance of success.
Students placed on academic suspension automatically forfeit their eligibility for financial aid.
Students placed on disciplinary probation receive direction, guidance, support, and encouragement.
Students placed on financial aid suspension are ineligible to receive any federal student aid funds.
Students placed on probation receive a letter explaining the conditions of probation.
Students placed on probation still receive financial aid through their next study term.
Students plan a course of study with their academic adviser to complement their major curriculum.
Students plan a field day revolving around the activities they have learned.
Students plan a picnic.
Students plan a program of study with an advisory committee, including a major professor.
Students plan a program to meet their needs.
Students plan a summer vacation trip to visit.
Students plan a talent show to present to their grade level, school, or community.
Students plan a trip to their relative's area and describe the landmarks in that area.
Students plan a two week trip to France.
Students plan a variety of events to celebrate social, cultural and gender diversity.
Students plan activities for health promotion and education.
Students plan activities surrounding each goal using the project-based learning approach.
Students plan activities to create cultural harmony and understanding.
Students plan an appropriate capstone experience in consultation with their advisor.
Students plan an expedition.
Students plan and administer care to individuals and small groups.
Students plan and carry out investigations of their questions.
Students plan and collect needed materials for caterpillar housing.
Students plan and complete experiments that fit their background and previous training.
Students plan and conduct a memorial service commemorating the victims of the Holocaust.
Students plan and conduct a simple investigation knowing what is to be looked for and compared.
Students plan and conduct experiments, and prepare written reports.
Students plan and conduct field study utilizing qualitative field techniques.
Students plan and conduct flight training under the supervision of a senior instructor.
Students plan and conduct physical activity programs for subjects who have special needs.
Students plan and conduct research involving both classroom experimentation and literature reviews.
Students plan and conduct research projects.
Students plan and conduct sampling studies in a variety of situations and applications.
Students plan and conduct weekly leadership laboratories each week.
Students plan and deliver programs concerning healthy lifestyles, other than fitness programs.
Students plan and design a virtual trip of their choice.
Students plan and develop a series of works and organize a final public exhibit.
Students plan and direct a series of preschools.
Students plan and discuss needed supplies.
Students plan and draw their own design on the shield with heavy crayon.
Students plan and evaluate a program for a specified population.
Students plan and evaluate an improvement program designed to direct genetic changes in livestock.
Students plan and execute a project under an instructor's direction.
Students plan and execute experiments, collect and analyze data, and report results.
Students plan and execute their own murals expressing the theme of place.
Students plan and execute their projects after completion of the three core courses.
Students plan and implement a new venture as part of the entrepreneurship class.
Students plan and implement a personal fitness and nutrition pro- gram.
Students plan and implement a study under faculty supervision.
Students plan and implement actual catered events.
Students plan and implement developmentally appropriate curriculum in an early childhood setting.
Students plan and implement intervention programs.
Students plan and implement mini-lessons in the corresponding field placement.
Students plan and implement strategies in classroom simulation and in the field.
Students plan and implement strategies in classroom simulations and in the field.
Students plan and lead a service at noon on Wednesdays.
Students plan and lead the services and opportunities abound for any who are interested.
Students plan and outline a project which they complete and submit after their return.
Students plan and participate in many social activities each year both on and off the campus.
Students plan and participate in services and mission projects.
Students plan and participate in services as readers, musicians and vocalists.
Students plan and participate in various speaking situations.
Students plan and present appropriate art presentations and plan courses of study in art.
Students plan and present art work in an exhibition.
Students plan and present many of the classes.
Students plan and produce a cross-media visual project.
Students plan and produce salads, soups, appetizers, entrees, and side-dishes.
Students plan and set fitness goals to work toward.
Students plan and teach dance to children.
Students plan and teach three lessons, at least one of which is video-taped.
Students plan and undertake a research project.
Students plan and write reports and presentations.
Students plan areas of study and work with an instructor on an individual basis.
Students plan areas of study and work with instructors on an individual basis.
Students plan careers.
Students plan community service, educational activities, and recreational activities.
Students plan design projects.
Students plan editions, assign stories to reporters.
Students plan educational and positive alternative activities for their schools.
Students plan events, day trips, fund raisers, and guest lectures.
Students plan for and set realistic short and long term goals.
Students plan further protests by burning cassettes and postcards.
Students plan grammatical lessons and exercises that integrate the four language skills.
Students plan grammaticallessons and exercises that integrate the four language skills.
Students plan healthful meals.
Students plan individual programs of study with their supervisory committees.
Students plan individualized programs with faculty advisers.
Students plan learning centers about an assigned first aid topic using props and posters.
Students plan logos.
Students plan on being gone anywhere from three to seven days.
Students plan procedures.
Students plan school and community projects, leadership conferences, workshops, and seminars.
Students plan skits to demonstrate safe use of public transportation.
Students plan the design of a prairie area for a housing development.
Students plan the events themselves, so anything goes.
Students plan the four or five issues and do all the writing and layout themselves.
Students plan the menu, prepare the food, and provide table service.
Students plan the project in consultation with their advisors.
Students plan the weird name Olympics by renaming standard events in different measurement units.
Students plan their academic schedule using the following informational sources.
Students plan their areas of study and work with the instructor on an individualized basis.
Students plan their contributions more than in a normal seminar - so gives better quality.
Students plan their curricula in consultation with an advisor.
Students plan their elective courses with the director of the program.
Students plan their individual programs of study in consultation with their faculty advisers.
Students plan their interventions and time required for each phase of the research.
Students plan their own colors and embellishing details.
Students plan their own course of study with the advise of their advisor and committee.
Students plan their own curriculum, and all programs are self-paced.
Students plan their own expedition to the now-historical eclipse.
Students plan their own programs.
Students plan their own projects and field trips.
Students plan their program in close and frequent consultation with faculty advisors.
Students plan their program of study with a graduate faculty member.
Students plan their program with advisor consultation and approval.
Students plan their programs in close cooperation with sexuality studies advisers.
Students plan their programs with the consultant of the associated institute they have selected.
Students plan their project in consultation with their graduate advisor.
Students plan their shots, take the photos, and write the story together.
Students plan their specific programs in consultation with their advisors.
Students plan to broadcast their own morning announcements and school news via their new studio.
Students plan to compile a book of stories and legends associated with the park.
Students plan to continue working on the multimedia project at school.
Students plan to have a hike to view exotic an indigenous plants.
Students plan to hold a series of 'sit down' protests during testing week.
Students plan to improve personal health.
Students plan to make it a model for schools nationwide.
Students plan to resume their sit-in protest today.
Students plan to review tuition matters and freshman leadership issues.
Students plan two career-related events for the entire campus community each semester.
Students plan work schedule of employees and time management charts.
Students plan, administer, and evaluate nursing care to selected psychiatric patients.
Students plan, build and publicize the fair as a community.
Students plan, conduct and evaluate developmentally appropriate activities based on a weekly theme.
Students plan, create, modify and enhance worksheets.
Students plan, design and create print advertisements and advertising campaigns.
Students plan, design, write, and produce public relations communications.
Students plan, develop and present their own projects.
Students plan, direct, and participate in outdoor leisure programming experiences for children.
Students plan, draft, revise, and publish a summary of book.
Students plan, draft, revise, edit, and publish compositions with feedback from teachers and peers.
Students plan, implement and provide the program in honor of their donors.
Students plan, implement, and evaluate a variety of activities in and out of class.
Students plan, implement, and evaluate activities for the children.
Students plan, implement, and evaluate educational technology for use in education.
Students plan, implement, and evaluate instructional activities.
Students plan, implement, and report the results of pilot research related to the dissertation area.
Students plan, lead, participate in, and evaluate discussions.
Students plan, make design considerations, and do cost estimation for agricultural structures.
Students plan, manage and assess technology project in collaboration with peers.
Students plan, organize and deliver various types of speeches.
Students plan, organize and participate in campus events and community action projects.
Students plan, organize and set up complete buffets.
Students plan, organize, and direct all the club activities.
Students plan, prepare and serve a formal banquet.
Students plan, prepare and serve a weekly buffet as well as other food and wine events.
Students plan, prepare, and serve a graduation dinner.
Students plan, produce, write, and direct a short production.
Students plan, purchase, prepare and serve nutritious snacks and meals.
Students plan, research, and divide learning assignments among members.
Students plan, wire, program, troubleshoot and develop documentation for the whole system.
Students planning a career in government at any level are eligible to enter.
Students planning an independent study for the first time often try to do too much.
Students planning to become professional chemists follow the Bachelor of Science program.
Students planning to do independent projects can find a topic and an adviser during that semester.
Students planning to graduate with departmental honors can follow either the junior or senior track.
Students planning to major in chemical engineering see reverse side.
Students planning to major in chemical or petroleum engineering see reverse side.
Students planning to return indicate the inability to get needed night classes.
Students planning to spend the spring semester abroad also are also eligible for the offer.
Students plant some seeds in vermiculite and some in soil.
Students plant their own seed to take back to school.
Students play a board game at the end of the presentation to reinforce good hygiene habits.
Students play a board game to simulate changes in land use.
Students play a chronology game about each of their lives.
Students play a concentration game with spelling-word flash cards.
Students play a decision-making game to learn about taking risks and making decisions.
Students play a decision-making game.
Students play a decisive role in determining the direction their education takes.
Students play a dodge-ball type game as they perform a number of mental and physical challenges.
Students play a game of charades, acting out the roles of producers and consumers.
Students play a game of dodge ball in which the object of the game is to eliminate the other team.
Students play a game signifying a food chain.
Students play a game that matches organisms to their niches.
Students play a game to correlate certain organisms with their niches.
Students play a game to identify actions that show respect.
Students play a game using a verb wheel.
Students play a grammar game in which they practice using verbs and adverbs.
Students play a guessing game to discover the identity of a mystery student.
Students play a huge role in giving leadership to the chapels.
Students play a key role in the prevention of crime on campus.
Students play a large role in departmental life.
Students play a large role in the success of any security program.
Students play a line from the original dialogue.
Students play a major role in postvisit data analysis.
Students play a major role in providing music leadership.
Students play a major role in the prevention of on-campus crime.
Students play a more active role in their own learning.
Students play a pivotal role in involving their parents.
Students play a prominent role in leading discussions and undertake a major research paper.
Students play a shopping board game.
Students play a significant role in making decisions about the school.
Students play a significant role in the research and teaching activities of the department.
Students play a trading game.
Students play a variety of money-related games.
Students play a very important role in learning.
Students play a vital role in our top quality patient care facility.
Students play a vital role in the creation of movement material.
Students play a wide game outdoors, applying their compass skills.
Students play a wide variety of sports and games.
Students play addition max out .
Students play against a computer that is bidding optimally.
Students play all the roles, including judge, jury, attorneys, sheriff and defendant.
Students play alone in personal space without interfering with others.
Students play an active role in selecting the best conference sites, study, and preparation.
Students play an active role in the daily activities at Skyline.
Students play an active role in the life of the department.
Students play an active role in the planning and spending of the fee.
Students play an active role in the program and get to know each other well.
Students play an active role in their education.
Students play an active role in their own learning in the classroom, rather than passive.
Students play an active role in their own learning.
Students play an essential role by providing letters of support.
Students play an essential role in the review and selection process.
Students play an expanded repertoire of songs.
Students play an important part in evaluating their own learning and that of others.
Students play an important part in the governance of the seminary.
Students play an important role in deciding where the money is spent.
Students play an integral part in social change.
Students play an integral part in the selection of fall and spring events.
Students play an integral role in selecting topics and participants.
Students play and study jazz with other young players and a faculty of professional musicians.
Students play attorney and witness roles at the school, local, and regional levels.
Students play because they want to and enjoy it.
Students play catch with a ball in the school playground.
Students play central roles.
Students play charades.
Students play chess, solve puzzles and practice for tournaments.
Students play clarinets, flutes, saxophones, trumpets, trombones and percussion instruments.
Students play cribbage and other math-oriented games on a recent afternoon.
Students play football on a weekly basis.
Students play for the educational and recreational values of participation.
Students play game and encounter problems along the way.
Students play games and explore programming.
Students play games in which they consider ethical dilemmas.
Students play games like addition war to practice their basic facts.
Students play games to learn to compare fractions and recognize equivalent fractions.
Students play games, complete homework, and listen to guest speakers.
Students play games, write in math journals and often work together in small groups.
Students play hanafuda concentration.
Students play in a large, conducted harp ensemble, as well as a duet or trio.
Students play in pairs and singles for prizes and trophies.
Students play in pairs.
Students play in teams with a timer and scorekeeper.
Students play in teams.
Students play in the morning or afternoon, a minimum of five days a week.
Students play in the school parking lot during good weather and sit in the auditorium during bad.
Students play in various round robin tournaments during their lunch hours.
Students play independently or in small groups.
Students play instruments, dance to rhythms, sing happy songs and enjoy concerts.
Students play key roles in our crime prevention efforts.
Students play leadership roles in other ways.
Students play mandolin, sing and tap dance.
Students play matching games or pictionary to label illustrations of activities.
Students play math games and practice drills are given.
Students play multiplication max out .
Students play multiplication war, using a deck of cards with kings and queens removed.
Students play on a championship course.
Students play or sing the song.
Students play power politics as they lead European countries around the turn of the century.
Students play powers max out .
Students play proper roles.
Students play recorders and learn the basics of music theory.
Students play requests from students and teachers.
Students play roles such as prosecutor, jury, etc.
Students play roles.
Students play rolling numbers.
Students play Russian games.
Students play several rounds, making sure to include all of the terms.
Students play simple games and discuss why they make the moves they do.
Students play teacher .
Students play the game in groups of three to four.
Students play the game of seeking the easiest path to licensure in the present system.
Students play the game to get enough 'votes' to be 'elected'.
Students play the most important role in creating the environment in which they live and learn.
Students play the part of a flower or pollinator.
Students play the part of airport and aircraft workers.
Students play the role of a secret agent attempting to solve a mystery in a foreign country.
Students play the role of researchers in the ocean control center.
Students play the role of supervisors in the construction lab shown below.
Students play the role of used-car buyers.
Students play the roles of grasshoppers, shrews, and hawks in a physically involved game.
Students play the roles of judge, jury, attorneys, witnesses and others.
Students play the roles of resource specialists for six real countries.
Students play the roles of the characters and respond to an interviewer's questions.
Students play the roles of witnesses and attorneys.
Students play the secret number calculator game.
Students play the tune and are then given instructions to improvise and play chord changes.
Students play the various characters, which is sung by an opera singer.
Students play their instruments in full band rehearsals.
Students play their own instruments.
Students play their parents and teachers the last two after school sessions.
Students play two required pieces on each instrument.
Students play virtual gorillas in a new zoo exhibit.
Students play with containers of various sizes, transferring water from one container to another.
Students play with partners and graph results.
Students playing in the band can earn credits towards their degree.
Students please inquire.
Students pledge their honor as scholars, as active minds with their own integrity.
Students pledge to . . .
Students pledge to bring about an Islamic revolution in Pakistan.
Students pledge to report any infractions of the Honor Code to the Honor Board.
Students pledge to work hard, attend school regularly, and turn in homework.
Students plot on a map where mountain lion sightings have been reported in recent years.
Students plot the course of Columbus' various expeditions on a map of the world.
Students plot the data on a complex line graph using dual y-axes.
Students plot the data on a graph and determine the line of best fit.
Students plot the locations of the story or book on a world map or globe.
Students plot their site on a classs map of Egypt.
Students plug into the Internet for next to nothing.
Students plug one end of the camcorder's AV cable into the side of the cam- corder.
Students point and click and the computer reads the story aloud.
Students point out flaws that they see in their own racial groups.
Students point out the shapes that make up the figure.
Students point to the states on the map while they sing.
Students point toward that goal and receive momentum from it.
Students policing students works better at deflating tension than immediate police interaction.
Students polish and demonstrate research, problem-solving, technology, and presentation skills.
Students polish their public speaking and program coordination skills.
Students polish their skills and assess their capabilities against the demands of employment.
Students polish their technology skills in the computer lab.
Students ponder historical and cultural questions surrounding various artistic styles and trends.
Students ponder question on overhead.
Students ponder the question and prepare to answer.
Students ponder why people like to try extreme sports.
Students pool their leadership skills and their ideas.
Students pool their resources to maximize their opportunities in psychology-related training.
Students pool their results to decide on a focus for their paper.
Students pore over college textbooks, CD-ROMs and the Internet to prepare for the competition.
Students pose an additional complication.
Students pose and answer questions and bring personal experiences to bear on academic issues.
Students pose for the picture.
Students pose for their picture and the poses express some emotion.
Students pose questions and answers.
Students pose questions and conduct interviews in order to acquire new knowledge.
Students pose questions and find solutions to problems and issues.
Students pose questions and solve problems.
Students pose their own questions and design their own curriculum.
Students pose with a statue in a village near Oaxaca, Mexico.
Students pose with their master creations.
Students possess a complete understanding of the engineering design process.
Students possess a working knowledge of email.
Students possess an ability to maintain professional competence through lifelong learning.
Students possess an understanding of the ethical basis of the engineering profession and practice.
Students possess and display the skills necessary for effective communication.
Students possess and internal cultural awareness.
Students possess average to above average ability.
Students possess knowledge and competency in engineering sciences.
Students possess quite dissimilar degrees of interest in mathematics.
Students post a review in a message box and route it to the right forum with a drop-down menu.
Students post all assignments and projects online for grading.
Students post announcements and upcoming events on the bulletin board.
Students post answers to briefing questions on the course's message board.
Students post daily weather data .
Students post drafts to a class bulletin board.
Students post homework where instructors and peers can review and comment on it.
Students post how the school has impacted their lives.
Students post messages of general interest for the whole class .
Students post reports about professional development conferences to the conference forums.
Students post simple progress reports for all to see at the end of each lesson completed.
Students post text-based messages related to the topic over a number of days.
Students post the mysteries on the Internet.
Students post their answers on the message center which is viewed by classmates and their professor.
Students post their assignments from a computer either on or off campus.
Students post their assignments in the appropriate folder.
Students post their first draft online where the mentor downloads the manuscript.
Students post their questions to the newsgroup where all can see.
Students post their responses during the course of a week.
Students post their responses to the list.
Students post their responses to the videos in an electronic forum.
Students post their work on the Internet to get feedback from the larger community.
Students post their work to the application over the web.
Students post weather data they've collected using their own weather tools.
Students posting such advertisements are liable to charges under the Student Code.
Students pour in here from all over the world to take advantage of it.
Students pour in on Wednesdays for country line-dance classes.
Students pour over Western maps dating from medieval period to current times.
Students pour the molten iron into bonded sandmolds.
Students pour water over the rock salt which is contained in a strainer.
Students practice a ritual of introduction.
Students practice a variety of math skills by participating in hands-on activities.
Students practice a variety of tools and techniques to enhance the quality of decision-making.
Students practice accuracy.
Students practice adaptability in understanding the dynamics of human behavior and diversity.
Students practice addition and multiplication.
Students practice addition skills while doing physical activity.
Students practice additional examples with the teacher's guidance.
Students practice advanced conversational skills in class.
Students practice advanced patient assessment skills in a laboratory setting.
Students practice advanced procedures using mechanical ventilation devices.
Students practice all reading skills to develop and improve comprehension and speed.
Students practice analytic techniques and writing up research.
Students practice and critique informative and persuasive presentations.
Students practice and develop written and oral communication skills.
Students practice and discuss the techniques by playing audition excerpts.
Students practice and further develop English language skills and academic skills at the same time.
Students practice and learn the necessary tactical skills to succeed at advanced camp.
Students practice and receive feedback regarding written and oral communication skills.
Students practice and reflect on revising, responding to others writing, and conducting conferences.
Students practice and sharpen skills while becoming familiar with common test patterns.
Students practice and then perform the emotion for the class.
Students practice and workshop with each other on meeting the needs of all three groups.
Students practice answering the questions of who, what, where, when, and why.
Students practice application of acrylic and gel nails.
Students practice applying appropriate guidance strategies directly with children.
Students practice approaching pets.
Students practice as they read the information and directions.
Students practice asking and answering questions about size and colour.
Students practice assertive communication.
Students practice ball skills while testing their knowledge of geography.
Students practice basic arithmetic skills and percent computations.
Students practice basic elements of offensive and defensive play.
Students practice basic flight maneuvers and feel how the plane responds to the cockpit controls.
Students practice basic knots, various sutures, and suturing different types of lacerations.
Students practice basic speaking and listening skills to increase communicative abilities.
Students practice both aerobic and sparring savate.
Students practice building a rope litter.
Students practice building words using word families in a fun tactile format.
Students practice business letters and expository prose.
Students practice cardio-respiratory activity.
Students practice cartography making topographic maps.
Students practice clear communication.
Students practice collecting data, organizing it into charts, and using the charts to plan an event.
Students practice common office tasks that require knowledge f basic office procedures.
Students practice communicating ideas, through the use of speaking and listening skills.
Students practice communicating in a variety of practical situations.
Students practice communicating their thoughts and ideas through numerous writing assignments.
Students practice communication skills through conversations in class and composition assignments.
Students practice communication skills with each other and in front of the class.
Students practice communication skills with the teacher and peers by verbally stating words.
Students practice communication skills.
Students practice comparing the starry sky to their maps during a classroom-planetarium exercise.
Students practice concepts and strategies they have discussed in class under more trying conditions.
Students practice conflict resolution.
Students practice consulting techniques and evaluate various approaches.
Students practice conventions of a variety of discourses.
Students practice conversational and written skills in all classes.
Students practice conversational skills for one hour per week with the language assistant.
Students practice cooperative learning through their participation in the game.
Students practice copy reading and headline writing.
Students practice creative problem solving.
Students practice creative seeing, problem solving, and using the zone system.
Students practice creative selling techniques, writing advertisements and cashiering.
Students practice creative writing.
Students practice cross-curricular skills while working with the magazine.
Students practice debugging and executing programs.
Students practice decision making about sexual behavior.
Students practice decision making.
Students practice decoding, spelling and writing skills.
Students practice designing, implementing and analyzing observational projects.
Students practice diagnosing problems and generating educational plans for hypothetical cases.
Students practice dictionary use and engage in intensive Hebrew writing assignments.
Students practice different forms of business communications.
Students practice different types of documents for clarity, consistency, and content.
Students practice during their lunch hour and compete in area competitions.
Students practice each one of the languages through assignments.
Students practice early read skills.
Students practice effective hand washing.
Students practice effective study techniques and organizational and test-taking skills.
Students practice effective teaching, data gathering and report generation on a regular basis.
Students practice embalming in laboratories provided or approved by the college.
Students practice embalming in labs provided or approved by the college.
Students practice employability skills and receive training in a corporate environment.
Students practice ending relationships.
Students practice English while learning about American pop culture.
Students practice entry-level generalist skills of the social work profession.
Students practice ethical use of information and information technologies.
Students practice expressing feelings.
Students practice expressing their ideas through graphic communication.
Students practice finding recipes and nutritional information.
Students practice finding the different continents on their globe.
Students practice fire escape.
Students practice five hours a day, six days a week.
Students practice for fluency of reading and chanting.
Students practice fundamental computing and technology skills.
Students practice fundamentals of ball exchange including snaps, hand-offs, and pitches.
Students practice generalist social work within a systems theory framework.
Students practice giving attunements on each other so that each student receives many attunements.
Students practice giving oral presentations and participate in discussions of assigned topics.
Students practice giving tests, scoring tests and writing reports.
Students practice good telephone manners while collecting data on pizza prices.
Students practice grammatical principles, usage skills, and punctuation.
Students practice graphing skills as they plot the locations of various earthquakes or volcanoes.
Students practice guiding skills on the river from the very first day.
Students practice gybing and using the jib in small groups.
Students practice health assessment skills in a laboratory setting.
Students practice health assessment skills in structured settings.
Students practice hearing other students' voices and experiences.
Students practice hitting forehands and backhands over net standing on short service line.
Students practice how to copy and paste using a word processor.
Students practice humane treatment of animals.
Students practice identifying text organization, vocabulary and grammar to facilitate comprehension.
Students practice in a clinical setting under supervision of certified instructors.
Students practice in a wide variety of settings under the supervision of selected preceptors.
Students practice in our fully digital PC driven radio station.
Students practice in pairs at the computer.
Students practice in shop and attend classroom instruction.
Students practice in standard and metric measurements.
Students practice in the comfort of two non-operational bars using real and mock alcohol.
Students practice in the fifteen bed hospital simulation laboratory and two smaller laboratories.
Students practice in the gym and learn to play organized ball.
Students practice in the halls.
Students practice increasing their interpersonal effectiveness and group process skills.
Students practice increasing their interpersonal effectiveness.
Students practice individual and team work on written, electronic, and oral report projects.
Students practice individually and in small groups, using textbooks, tapes, and activities.
Students practice information literacy in many different ways.
Students practice injections on a dummy using expired antidote, so nothing goes to waste.
Students practice inputting text and saving.
Students practice Internet etiquette, surfing techniques, and search strategies.
Students practice interpreting speeches, lectures, and narratives.
Students practice interpreting telephone calls, meetings, and interviews.
Students practice interview and participant observation skills and analyze and interpret data.
Students practice interview techniques.
Students practice interviewing skills during class.
Students practice intraoral and panoramic radiographic techniques on a manikin.
Students practice leadership skills in a class laboratory and camp setting.
Students practice leading into and following up quoted material at the end of the presentation.
Students practice letters, words, and the various letter combinations from the verse each day.
Students practice listening skills.
Students practice listening to one another using the bean-filled tambourines they have made.
Students practice listening to oral narratives.
Students practice listening, note taking, and decision making as they solve word problems.
Students practice listening, speaking and writing English.
Students practice listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Students practice listening, speaking, reading, and writing strategies.
Students practice literary analysis.
Students practice loading film reels.
Students Practice long-term memory retrieval by reviewing questions from previous weeks.
Students practice making decisions about water safety.
Students practice making important decisions about ethical behavior and money.
Students practice managing feelings.
Students practice many different movements for developing each part of their body.
Students practice mastering the skill before they work on their own.
Students practice matching the objects to their labels.
Students practice math and reading in a game format.
Students practice medical machine transcription and processing claims by hand and electronically.
Students practice methods.
Students practice narration skills in the present, past and future.
Students practice new and old words daily.
Students practice new skills learned in math.
Students practice new styles of writing for nonlinear media.
Students practice non-violence, vegetarianism, meditation and spiritual service to society.
Students practice notating music as well.
Students practice on dummies first, graduating to field work.
Students practice on existing systems in various health care settings.
Students practice on manikins and apply instruments to the mouth.
Students practice on manikins, fellow students and patients from the community.
Students practice on their own course materials.
Students practice on their own reading material.
Students practice on their own while the teacher assists individual students.
Students practice on training manikins.
Students practice operations with the manipulatives.
Students practice oral communication skills in seminar presentations.
Students practice oral interview procedures, reading comprehension, concentration and memory.
Students practice oral presentations using both prepared and extemporaneous materials.
Students practice oral proficiency and written deliveries.
Students practice pastoral care in community settings.
Students practice physical activity.
Students practice physical examination of the critically injured patient.
Students practice place value.
Students practice presenting their introductions and summaries in-class.
Students practice procedures for layering butter in dough to create delicious flaky products.
Students practice procedures on mannequins and each other.
Students practice producing successive approximations of standard English.
Students practice pronunciation and conversation as well as read and write short paragraphs.
Students practice pronunciation with cassette tapes and in class activities with partners.
Students practice proper social behaviors in various situations and related student activities.
Students practice public speaking and small group discussion.
Students practice putting their thoughts in writing.
Students practice qualitative techniques and engage in preliminary data analysis.
Students practice read skills.
Students practice reading a pictograph on the favorite seasons for one class.
Students practice reading a small book.
Students practice reading and writing every day.
Students practice reading and writing the language.
Students practice reading music, in treble and bass clefs, of graded difficulty.
Students practice reading text from the screen out loud.
Students practice reading their book to their classmates.
Students practice reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills that they have already learned.
Students practice reauditorizing, extracting vital information, remembering, and relating it.
Students practice recognizing contractions.
Students practice recycling.
Students practice reducing the problem to something they can calculate.
Students practice refusal strategies in role plays and in writing responses to scenarios.
Students practice relaxation techniques, isometric exercises, and exercises for figure control.
Students practice reporting and writing feature stories, editorials, and columns.
Students practice reporting their observations accurately via speech, writing, and drawing.
Students practice research methods.
Students practice research skills with the mini-magazine.
Students practice research skills.
Students practice resolving conflicts.
Students practice responsible use of technology system, information and software.
Students practice responsible use of technology systems, information and software.
Students practice responsible use of technology systems, information, and software.
Students practice responsible use of technology.
Students practice restorative art in laboratories provided by the college.
Students practice revising and editing through peer evaluation and discussion.
Students practice rough draft on paper including landmarks and labeling of landmarks.
Students practice sample dialogues prepared by the teacher.
Students practice saying no to dangerous behaviors and yes to healthy behaviors.
Students practice science in the classroom rather than listening passively.
Students practice scientific writing skills, especially as they pertain to plant biology.
Students practice self-advocacy skills and develop peer support.
Students practice self-control throughout the day.
Students practice self-direction in their group interactions as well.
Students practice setting and achieving goals.
Students practice similar problems.
Students practice skills in a laboratory setting and apply the m in concurrent clinical courses.
Students practice skills in class by a variety of methods.
Students practice skills in role-played situations staged in class.
Students practice skills in various industries from both domestic and multinational perspectives.
Students practice skills to diagnose barriers and develop creative organizations.
Students practice skills.
Students practice software engineering principles through team projects.
Students practice solving problems and gain the familiarity with some fundamental principles.
Students practice source recovery techniques.
Students practice speaking and compare their speech to the model voice.
Students practice speaking and listening skills through interactive, communicative activities.
Students practice speaking formally on biomedical and scientific topics.
Students practice speaking in public by reading their work out loud.
Students practice speaking, listening, pronunciation and grammar.
Students practice speaking, listening, writing and reading Spanish.
Students practice speaking, listening, writing, and reading Spanish.
Students practice specific interventions typically used in physical therapy practice.
Students practice spelling as they type the correct choice into the box.
Students practice tacking boats in small groups with instructor supervision.
Students practice taking bearings with a compass.
Students practice taking tests, and the school makes clear that tests are important.
Students practice taking the pulse.
Students practice taking the test and receive recommendations for practicing at home.
Students practice teaching under the guidance of preceptors in the academic or health care setting.
Students practice technical skills to manuver the vehicle and drive safely on the highway.
Students practice techniques of microscopy and dissection.
Students practice techniques on computer keyboards.
Students practice techniques to assist legal and non-legal entities avoid costly litigation.
Students practice techniques upon one another under supervision.
Students practice telling their stories in groups after choosing their format for their assessment.
Students practice the art of floral design in a hands-on laboratory.
Students practice the art of mixing, cooking, flipping, garnishing and enjoying cr pes.
Students practice the art of recognizing and scoring leadership traits.
Students practice the correct way to wash their hands.
Students practice the forearm pass.
Students practice the form, meaning, and use of each grammar structure.
Students practice the Franciscan value of service to others in a work environment.
Students practice the fundamental aspects of college-level reading skills.
Students practice the fundamentals of kayaking.
Students practice the fundamentals of touch typing to develop moderate speed and accuracy.
Students practice the grammatical concepts through communicative oral and written exercises.
Students practice the key methods in individual assignments based on workshop sessions.
Students practice the methods of scientific inquiry during lecture discussions.
Students practice the overhead pass.
Students practice the process skills of data collection and interpretation.
Students practice the reading skills taught in the classroom by reading trade books.
Students practice the reception of fingerspelling using the phonetic approach.
Students practice the sentence and teacher writes it on the blackboard.
Students practice the skills and knowledge learned in the classroom in field practicum placements.
Students practice the skills in role playing situations.
Students practice the skills in role-playing situations.
Students practice the skills necessary to write prose, poetry, and drama.
Students practice the skills needed to teach adults to read.
Students practice the skills of blending oils and preparing case studies.
Students practice the skills with a partner in class.
Students practice the steps of conflict resolution through role plays.
Students practice the suggested activities using gymnastic mats.
Students practice the techniques, skills, and knowledge learned in the accompanying methods course.
Students practice the use of various types of testing equipment common to the alarm industry.
Students practice the various instructional design analysis steps.
Students practice the verbal and nonverbal communication skills involved in interviews.
Students practice the vowel, consonant and diphthong sounds.
Students practice the words to The Pledge of Allegiance with their partner.
Students practice the writing process in all their classes.
Students practice their axe techniques on the wooden roof of a training structure.
Students practice their basic facts through daily timed tests.
Students practice their basic math facts.
Students practice their Enlish language skills with a wide variety of people including clients.
Students practice their handwriting by tracing over the letters on the printed page.
Students practice their Internet-researching skills while learning about basketball.
Students practice their kanji and the corresponding pronunciation.
Students practice their knowledge and skills in the work force.
Students practice their lamination skills.
Students practice their math skills in combination with a basketball-shooting exercise.
Students practice their mathematical skills and experience the idea of what accounting is all about.
Students practice their money skills while calculating the total expenses of the party.
Students practice their observational and experimental skills in a variety of investigations.
Students practice their scene and camara angles before posing.
Students practice their scripts.
Students practice their skills in consideration of the patients' goals.
Students practice their teaching skills and strategies through course work and internships.
Students practice their words each day using a variety of multisensory activities.
Students practice their writing skills reporting on school and community related topics.
Students practice their writing skills through essays, journals, and reports.
Students practice theoretical knowledge of subjects in a full-scale practice.
Students practice to obtain proficiency in the area of airway suctioning.
Students practice to sing in tune, follow a beat, tempo or rhythm with percussion instruments.
Students practice trading ten pennies for one dime.
Students practice transcribing the terms from machine dictation.
Students practice translating narrative Hebrew texts.
Students practice transliterating skills in various planned and unplanned situations.
Students practice two types of pull-down menu links, with activities to check comprehension.
Students practice types of physical activity.
Students practice types.
Students practice typing whimsical verses and entertaining passages.
Students practice under clinical preceptor supervision.
Students practice under preceptor supervision.
Students practice using a variety of materials and strategies.
Students practice using both narrative and non-narrative strategies of development.
Students practice using Paint, Write and Play on computer.
Students practice using refusal strategies.
Students practice using several different tools.
Students practice using special techniques and equipment.
Students practice using spreadsheets to do basic calculations.
Students practice using the habitat key to identify habitats and record a habitat code.
Students practice using the thesaurus by looking up chair and skip .
Students practice using the tools.
Students practice using the words first, second, third, etc. to discuss the life cycle of insects.
Students practice using video and digital cameras to create movies and graphics.
Students practice various forms of scientific writing, both formal and informal.
Students practice various modes of writing ranging from exposition to argumentation and persuasion.
Students practice various modes of writing, ranging from exposition to argumentation and persuasion.
Students practice various process skills in a simulated group setting.
Students practice various types of writing in preparation for more advanced courses.
Students practice various weight training techniques in accordance with their abilities.
Students practice verbal and written communication skills.
Students practice visiting Internet sites by typing in the web addresses.
Students practice ways of writing about poetry and write their own original poems.
Students practice weekly and schedule several matches per year.
Students practice well defined exercises to reach weekly objectives.
Students practice what they have learned in class.
Students practice what they learn by driving a battery-powered vehicle and walking in traffic.
Students practice what they learn using textbooks from their classes.
Students practice with a combination of realism and creativity.
Students practice with each other on their speeches.
Students practice with each other, with faculty members, and with simulated patients.
Students practice with live performers and are video-taped.
Students practice with writing and listening assignments and with oral presentations.
Students practice within their own level of competence.
Students practice words frequently misspelled.
Students practice working against the clock and using realistic methods.
Students practice working together through group work on journal entry topics.
Students practice writing a wide range of discourse for a wide variety of purposes and audiences.
Students practice writing business letters and memos.
Students practice writing clear sentences and paragraphs in standard English.
Students practice writing essay exam answers in a midterm and final.
Students practice writing extensively both in and out of class.
Students practice writing features and news features in a workshop environment.
Students practice writing features and news features in a workshop envoronment.
Students practice writing for a variety of audiences and purposes that are primarily job-related.
Students practice writing for a variety of audiences and purposes, primarily job-related.
Students practice writing for a variety of audiences and purposes.
Students practice writing for a variety of audiences.
Students practice writing in a lean and clear journalistic style.
Students practice writing in a variety of forms and modes.
Students practice writing in a variety of syntactical structures and rhetorical modes.
Students practice writing letters, words, and sentences.
Students practice writing paragraphs, dialogue, comparisons, and letters of persuasion.
Students practice writing reports, manuals, memos, and analysis essays.
Students practice writing reports, memoranda, and correspondence.
Students practice writing target language color words.
Students practice writing the days of the week and figuring out their order.
Students practice writing the months of the year and figuring out their order.
Students practice writing through workshops and feedback from peers and instructor.
Students practice writing through workshops with feedback from peers and instructor.
Students practice writing, reading, matching, spelling, and copying sounds and words.
Students practise devotional, newspaper, and interview writing.
Students practise grammar and syntax.
Students practise hypnotherapy techniques on each other daily from the second day of the course.
Students practise log scaling in the field.
Students practise manipulating the apparatus and handling the invertebrates appropriately.
Students practise on each other to learn the correct techniques.
Students practise picking out words that create bias.
Students practise reading and transcribing manuscripts.
Students practise recording oral conditions on appropriate charting forms.
Students practise speaking, listening and some reading and writing.
Students practise the roles of director, organizer of theatrical games, and choreographer.
Students practise transformations in a golf game format.
Students praise many benefits of the related field experience.
Students praise the quality, dedication and approachability of the faculty.
Students praise virtual high school.
Students pray at the opening of the day and the closing of the day.
Students preach at least one sermon from a given text and evaluate other class members.
Students predict and compare to learn about trash management.
Students predict and evaluate the chemical formula of neutral compounds.
Students predict gnomon results at various localities.
Students predict mass necessary to balance levers.
Students predict performance before taking part in fitness assessment.
Students predict population means or proportions, test hypotheses, and examine correlations.
Students predict probable consequences of an event, series of events, or policy proposal.
Students predict the arrival of spring from half a world away.
Students predict the resultant image given various lens-object configurations.
Students predict the source of the outbreak.
Students predict whether heat loss occurs faster in water or air.
Students predict which of several objects is the longest and which is the shortest.
Students predict, compare, contrast, or tell why a turning point is significant.
Students predict, observe, and classify components of water ecology.
Students prefer company representatives wear what they normally wear to work.
Students prefer handouts to be typed.
Students prefer information presented consistently.
Students prefer lessons that are designed to encourage students to hear it, see it, and do it.
Students prefer more approaches to retrieval of information than just keyword search.
Students prefer more frequent testing.
Students prefer more time for questions and interaction.
Students prefer notes to be provided in advance.
Students prefer PCs in the new lab.
Students prefer small classes which are largely discussion.
Students prefer that the residence halls emphasize a social environment.
Students prefer the electronic format for locating material quickly.
Students prefer to be in control and make the choice about whether to see a graphic.
Students prefer to face to face.
Students prefer to form teams with their department colleagues.
Students prefer to have cakes that are different from their teammates.
Students prefer to learn a teacher's testing style and adjust to it during a semester or year.
Students prefer to learn contextually with hands-on experiences.
Students prefer to use the computer rather than books.
Students prefer to work in pairs.
Students prefer to work on the materials together in real time.
Students preferring to purchase their own materials can do so at local hardware stores.
Students preform at school assembly.
Students prepare a brag sheet of their activities, awards, and employment.
Students prepare a brief and argue before panels of three outside attorneys or judges.
Students prepare a brief play for performance.
Students prepare a brochure representing their career with important information included.
Students prepare a complete business plan and study other steps required to start a new business.
Students prepare a complete, original television program proposal as a required activity.
Students prepare a comprehensive term paper based on analysis of individual data sets.
Students prepare a data dictionary and develop an application using a standard data set.
Students prepare a detailed report on a basin analysis technique of their choice.
Students prepare a dinner and serve it to people who are homeless.
Students prepare a dish at home and bring it to class or describe it to the class.
Students prepare a documented technical research paper.
Students prepare a formal document based on their experiences and readings.
Students prepare a formal written lesson plan and teach it, for an age group of their choice.
Students prepare a guide that introduces new majors to information sources in their subject field.
Students prepare a hands-on exercise on the scientific topic of their choice.
Students prepare a lengthy annotated bibliography of works dealing with a specialized topic.
Students prepare a library research paper.
Students prepare a maintenance and monitoring plan.
Students prepare a major composition as a thesis or undertake an extensive analysis.
Students prepare a major project for presentation in a public forum.
Students prepare a major research paper.
Students prepare a major written report on their experience.
Students prepare a map layout for a complete ski resort complex.
Students prepare a meal related to the book.
Students prepare a moot court presentation.
Students prepare a paper and presentation in their area of research interest.
Students prepare a paper integrating their learning experiences.
Students prepare a paper on a selected area of law.
Students prepare a paper on a tax policy issue approved by the professor.
Students prepare a personal doctrinal statement.
Students prepare a personal mission statement and learn how to keep their life in balance.
Students prepare a plan and scope of a project.
Students prepare a portfolio based on the school experience.
Students prepare a portfolio explaining and documenting their college parallel learning credit.
Students prepare a portfolio of information relevant to the professional career they plan to pursue.
Students prepare a portfolio of the park's attractions and construct a model of it.
Students prepare a portfolio seeking credit for the life long learning.
Students prepare a portfolio which demonstrates their progress through the program.
Students prepare a presentation or exhibition based on their work in the previous weeks of the unit.
Students prepare a presentence investigation report.
Students prepare a protfolio of some of the products they have produced in the program.
Students prepare a public relations portfolio.
Students prepare a recital and program notes as partial fulfillment of the degree.
Students prepare a reearch paper applying statistical methods to real-world applications.
Students prepare a repertoire of pieces for stage and camera auditions.
Students prepare a report and do a public presentation of their work at the end of the term.
Students prepare a research design outlining a feasible research plan for a specific research topic.
Students prepare a research paper and keep a journal.
Students prepare a research paper and present results to the class.
Students prepare a research paper applying statistical methods to real-world applications.
Students prepare a research paper on a relevant subject of their choice.
Students prepare a research project on a relevant subject of their choice.
Students prepare a research project supervised by a faculty member.
Students prepare a research proposal as a final project.
Students prepare a research proposal based on an extensive literature search.
Students prepare a research proposal based on extensive literature research.
Students prepare a research report or other documentation of their work.
Students prepare a residential property report.
Students prepare a resume and participate in job screening process.
Students prepare a sample of an equipment acquisition to set up a multimedia studio.
Students prepare a sample portfolio of their work for prospective employers.
Students prepare a science fair project on an environmental topic.
Students prepare a scientific paper and make an oral presentation on their research.
Students prepare a self-promotional project and learn to use studio equipment.
Students prepare a seminar on an ethical topic of their choosing.
Students prepare a series of questions to be answered as a result of the field study.
Students prepare a site map of their webpage using a storyboard approach.
Students prepare a solo with piano accompaniment or a small ensemble on contest day.
Students prepare a statement of what they intend to study based on their bibliographic research.
Students prepare a structured systems analysis and design of a business or scientific activity.
Students prepare a study plan for their personal research during the course.
Students prepare a summary of the reading assignment and share it in a chat room or bulletin board.
Students prepare a technical paper and provide a presentation .
Students prepare a topic for class discussion as well as a paper on their topic.
Students prepare a traffic impact analysis report.
Students prepare a travel guide with background information for future readers of the novel.
Students prepare a Web page with the school computers, based on their research and written report.
Students prepare a wide variety of foods using grilling, barbecuing and smoking cooking techniques.
Students prepare a written report and make oral presentations to the judges.
Students prepare a written thesis proposal in close consultation with their faculty advisor.
Students prepare actual applications for new programs to regulatory agencies.
Students prepare all other writing assigments on their own at their own pace.
Students prepare all textbook activities prior to viewing the archived class session.
Students prepare an abstract of title by examining recorded instruments.
Students prepare an album which detail the purpose, use and presentation of each piece of material.
Students prepare an annotated bibliography of sources on a specific topic.
Students prepare an annotated bibliography of sources relevant to their topics.
Students prepare an annotated bibliography on information sources on their topics.
Students prepare an educational plan and are introduced to a number of current educational issues.
Students prepare an oral debate or a written term paper.
Students prepare an original research paper on the related topic of their choosing.
Students prepare and are critiqued on various forms of communications in organizations.
Students prepare and argue a moot case.
Students prepare and carry out a research project.
Students prepare and carry out lessons in mini-teaching and real classroom situations.
Students prepare and conduct interviews and receive feedback on oral and written performances.
Students prepare and conduct scores in class, analyze orchestral and other scores.
Students prepare and critique flowcharts and work with a real-world accounting system.
Students prepare and deliver a minimum of four speeches, followed by critiques.
Students prepare and deliver a variety of speech types.
Students prepare and deliver oral reports on their work.
Students prepare and deliver oral reports on world and American family topics.
Students prepare and deliver papers on a topic chosen annually by department members.
Students prepare and deliver papers on a topic chosen by department members.
Students prepare and deliver presentations which are then discussed in class.
Students prepare and deliver research papers on a topic chosen annually by department members.
Students prepare and deliver research papers on a wide range of current topics.
Students prepare and deliver sessions in their respective fields.
Students prepare and deliver several oral presentations using interpretive approaches to literature.
Students prepare and deliver speeches on topics of current concern.
Students prepare and direct scenes and one short play using non-proscenium staging.
Students prepare and enjoy a full meal at each class session.
Students prepare and enjoy scrumptious sides and salads each week.
Students prepare and enjoy treats each week.
Students prepare and examine tissues from many types of organisms.
Students prepare and implement a research proposal.
Students prepare and mount an exhibition of their own artwork.
Students prepare and perform songs in class under faculty guidance.
Students prepare and per-form various woodwind chamber pieces.
Students prepare and present a briefing to Military Science Classes.
Students prepare and present a case study.
Students prepare and present a formal research proposal.
Students prepare and present a French assembly to the entire school.
Students prepare and present a major research paper.
Students prepare and present a portfolio of their work.
Students prepare and present a portfolio that displays all skills obtained in the course.
Students prepare and present a poster on their projects.
Students prepare and present a progress report or literature review on their thesis topic.
Students prepare and present a reading lesson to a group of peers.
Students prepare and present a research proposal.
Students prepare and present a roleplay interview on the issue.
Students prepare and present a senior project.
Students prepare and present a writing portfolio.
Students prepare and present advertising sales plan.
Students prepare and present an advertising media campaign.
Students prepare and present analysis of assigned works.
Students prepare and present daily weather briefings under supervision of a faculty member.
Students prepare and present forecasts and answer public inquiries via a weatherphone service.
Students prepare and present geriatric topics at weekly VA conferences.
Students prepare and present group author study projects.
Students prepare and present information orally.
Students prepare and present laboratory scenes.
Students prepare and present lessons, evaluate student work, and create units of study.
Students prepare and present papers based on experimental data.
Students prepare and present sermons.
Students prepare and present speeches.
Students prepare and present television newscasts for air.
Students prepare and present the horses in the auction.
Students prepare and present their cases in state and federal courts.
Students prepare and present their professional portfolios and professional development plans.
Students prepare and present weather briefings on the current weather situation.
Students prepare and present written and oral arguments on controversial issues.
Students prepare and reflect on case studies from the perspective of more than one discipline.
Students prepare and serve a community dinner of vegetable soup, bread and water.
Students prepare and serve food at birthday parties for nursing home residents.
Students prepare and submit a detailed roadway design project.
Students prepare and submit a report of the research project.
Students prepare and teach lessons for elementary school children.
Students prepare and troubleshoot projects, using a variety of audio file types, codecs and sources.
Students prepare answers to web-based questions as part of the required work of the course.
Students prepare applications.
Students prepare applied research proposals.
Students prepare articles for evaluation and possible publication.
Students prepare assigned literature for class performance and critique.
Students prepare assignments before the first class meeting and each subsequent meeting.
Students prepare at least one assignment that includes library research.
Students prepare at least one public relations project.
Students prepare basic bankruptcy documents.
Students prepare basic documents in a divorce proceeding.
Students prepare both operational and capital budgets for a facility in their areas of interest.
Students prepare both written and oral work for presentation and course evaluation.
Students prepare breakfast, lunch, and baked goods daily for the campus and local communities.
Students prepare brief critiques of presentations made at the research seminar.
Students prepare business plans and interact with entrepreneurs.
Students prepare by researching sectors represented.
Students prepare by researching topics before each session.
Students prepare case analysis for peer and faculty evaluation.
Students prepare case briefs for class discussions and formal presentations.
Students prepare charts of data and calculate growing degree-days.
Students prepare clinical case studies each term.
Students prepare comprehensive proposals for projects under study, in consultation with faculty.
Students prepare comprehensive proposals in response to building programs.
Students prepare computer modeling projects or research papers.
Students prepare concept drawings and models and draft planting plans.
Students prepare conversations and short compositions about selected topics.
Students prepare copy for various media, newspapers, magazines, radio and television.
Students prepare county geology reports which include both library study and personal observations.
Students prepare covering letters for placements of choice.
Students prepare curriculum unit development and write essays on school reform.
Students prepare daily and weekly graphs using their data.
Students prepare design and implement several projects to cover all major issues.
Students prepare detail design drawings and small-scale site work bid package.
Students prepare detailed research proposals with guidance from their major advisor.
Students prepare dinners for other co-op members and post recipes here.
Students prepare draft version of their web pages.
Students prepare drawings and bill of materials for a furniture item.
Students prepare drawings and maps from their field notes.
Students prepare electronic multimedia portfolios and explore career possibilities.
Students prepare essays and participate in discussions in Spanish.
Students prepare excerpts from French stories, poems, and plays to read during an all-day marathon.
Students prepare final projects with sequencing and notation programs.
Students prepare financial statements.
Students prepare five audiotaped interviews with typescripts for review and critique.
Students prepare food and also serve in the dining room.
Students prepare food for class and share recipes.
Students prepare food for special events on campus.
Students prepare foods for the advanced table service class.
Students prepare for a beach environment expedition in south Florida.
Students prepare for a foreign exchange student by exploring culture, food and religion.
Students prepare for a variety of careers in financial planning and counseling.
Students prepare for a wide variety of jobs in both the traditional and automated office.
Students prepare for and participate in simulated trials.
Students prepare for and perform in a concert at the end of term.
Students prepare for and perform in a concert at the end of the term.
Students prepare for careers either as college teachers or museum professionals.
Students prepare for careers either in college teaching or public history.
Students prepare for careers in a variety of academic and public settings.
Students prepare for careers in a variety of human service settings.
Students prepare for careers in all types of information organizations.
Students prepare for careers in biology, medicine, dentistry, teaching and research.
Students prepare for careers in biology, medicine, dentistry, teaching, and research.
Students prepare for careers in broadcasting, sales, public relations, law, and management.
Students prepare for careers in historic preservation and cultural resource management.
Students prepare for careers in management, planning, and policy analysis.
Students prepare for careers in newspapers, in-house publications, or public relations.
Students prepare for careers in radio and television news.
Students prepare for careers of interest by obtaining experiences and education.
Students prepare for certifying examinations related to possible employment.
Students prepare for class by reading assigned material in the text and working assigned problems.
Students prepare for clinical experiences by reading any appropriate texts or journal articles.
Students prepare for debate.
Students prepare for discussion sessions through assigned readings.
Students prepare for discussions by reading from two required texts and handouts.
Students prepare for diverse ministries in churches, denominational agencies and institutions.
Students prepare for examinations.
Students prepare for executive rank and study to become policy makers.
Students prepare for hospital-based live scanning on patients.
Students prepare for leadership positions in public or private school settings.
Students prepare for ministry through skills developed in supervised field education experiences.
Students prepare for months for the big day.
Students prepare for national competition in debate and individual speaking events.
Students prepare for on-camera interviews and auditions.
Students prepare for problems during the contest.
Students prepare for professional and teaching careers or for graduate work.
Students prepare for professional, community and educational theatre positions.
Students prepare for professional, community, and educational theatre positions.
Students prepare for roles as nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives, or clinical nurse specialists.
Students prepare for steps.
Students prepare for supervisory positions in trusts, loans, and marketing departments.
Students prepare for the activity by reading prior to the session.
Students prepare for the bell to ring.
Students prepare for the challenges of becoming a health care professional.
Students prepare for the IB diploma.
Students prepare for the job search by attending workshops and individual counselling sessions.
Students prepare for the personnel and professional responsibilities of a junior officer.
Students prepare for the rigor of the food service industry as they fine tune their skills.
Students prepare for the tour by compiling a comprehensive pre-tour briefing book.
Students prepare for the trip with a focused study before they leave.
Students prepare for the work ahead.
Students prepare for the workplace by developing curriculum and creating professional portfolios.
Students prepare for the world of work, and develop basic life skills.
Students prepare for their day.
Students prepare for their experience abroad and analyze the concepts of service and social justice.
Students prepare for their field trip in the classroom.
Students prepare for their own initiations into knighthood.
Students prepare fro life on the red planet, Mars.
Students prepare goals, objectives, methods, and materials to be covered.
Students prepare healthy recipes for their own families as part of the curriculum.
Students prepare homework with CD-ROM or workbook before class.
Students prepare homilies on texts from the lectionary.
Students prepare in advance for daily assignments.
Students prepare in advance to talk about books of their choosing.
Students prepare in part for the test by taking the PSAT in their sophomore year.
Students prepare in three out of seven areas for the general examination.
Students prepare in-depth research projects on issues such as regulation of children's television.
Students prepare individual and group projects for evaluation.
Students prepare individual papers for discussion.
Students prepare individual projects on a research theme.
Students prepare individual research papers for distribution to interested audiences.
Students prepare info cards about each food and place by food in cafeteria line.
Students prepare informational and analytic reports.
Students prepare insect collections.
Students prepare interview questions for the visitor.
Students prepare joint presentations or work through problems and case studies.
Students prepare journal entries following their public presentation.
Students prepare laboratory reports that involve consultation of the original literature.
Students prepare law blanks and develop proficiency in notarizing documents.
Students prepare learning portfolios .
Students prepare legal memoranda.
Students prepare life-size animal paintings.
Students prepare maps of subsurface features using large data sets.
Students prepare material before classes and participate actively in classroom discussions.
Students prepare material to publication standards.
Students prepare materials and gain experience with audiovisual devices and systems.
Students prepare meals for nonprofit groups that hold their banquets on campus.
Students prepare meals for the homeless and needy one time a month.
Students prepare meals in kitchenettes located on each floor of the residential colleges.
Students prepare memoranda of law and draft opinions and orders.
Students prepare memos, letters, and a formal, analytical report based upon primary research.
Students prepare mid-term and final papers.
Students prepare news releases, newsletters, and feature stories.
Students prepare note cards.
Students prepare office-related projects that are evaluated according to business standards.
Students prepare operations orders and conduct troop leading procedures.
Students prepare oral and written presentations directly related to their workplaces.
Students prepare oral and written reports throughout the term.
Students prepare oral and written reports.
Students prepare oral presentations on famous entrepreneurs and successful businesses.
Students prepare original orations, usually persuasive or informative on a current topic.
Students prepare papers and participate in seminars.
Students prepare papers from primary documents.
Students prepare planning recommendations and draft related documents for hypothetical clients.
Students prepare plants to take home.
Students prepare poetry, prose, and scenes.
Students prepare policy submissions and work on term papers.
Students prepare policy submissions.
Students prepare portfolios for entry into undergraduate, graduate, or work related programs.
Students prepare presentations incorporating all phases of instruction.
Students prepare presentations on their research.
Students prepare presentations representing selected research areas.
Students prepare presentations, oral and written, to satisfy the third credit hour.
Students prepare pretests, contracts, and enrichment materials.
Students prepare problem sets to practice statistical procedures.
Students prepare pro-forma financial statements.
Students prepare program descriptions, program rationale statements and program budgets.
Students prepare program projects.
Students prepare project and compete in statewide competitions.
Students prepare projects for field and studio production and presentation.
Students prepare proposal and strategy for fifth year study in area of concentration.
Students prepare proposals for second-year field projects.
Students prepare public range or private ranch recreation operations plan.
Students prepare questions about the career to gain a sense of the scope of the occupation.
Students prepare questions ahead of time, and then the schools take turns asking questions.
Students prepare questions for interviews with workers.
Students prepare reports and give seminar presentations about selected topics.
Students prepare reports and numerical calculations using word processing and spreadsheet software.
Students prepare reports and presentations to professional standards.
Students prepare reports and suggestions and recommendations based on findings.
Students prepare reports and write a term research paper.
Students prepare reports based on actual data that involve forecasting.
Students prepare reports highlighting the problems in management.
Students prepare reports of their findings using at least three paragraphs, centering, and tabs.
Students prepare reports on the frog life cycle.
Students prepare research proposals.
Students prepare research protocol on a given specific problem.
Students prepare research reports, experiments, or surveys on a topic of interest.
Students prepare responses to the articles read online.
Students prepare resumes and develop communication skills for a successful job interview.
Students prepare salable showcards, paper signs, and other display items.
Students prepare sales presentations.
Students prepare seminar papers, a research paper, and oral presentations.
Students prepare seminars and papers on research design for potential thesis topics.
Students prepare seminars on topics provided each semester.
Students prepare several kinds of sermons and plan worship services for various occasions.
Students prepare several polished pieces, including narrative, persuasive, and critical essays.
Students prepare several projects for class presentation.
Students prepare short written assignments.
Students prepare single or group projects as indication of acquisition of logic of spatial analysis.
Students prepare site.
Students prepare skits and other oral work for presentation to the class.
Students prepare skits.
Students prepare slides and posters and make public presentations.
Students prepare slides of their work to submit as an additional part of the portfolio.
Students prepare special features in their classrooms and they are shown during the morning program.
Students prepare special projects in collaboration with others in fields of art, film, and dance.
Students prepare specific deliverables involving system requirements, design, and development.
Students prepare speeches and debates on current public policy issues.
Students prepare stories that are to be shared with other students in the class.
Students prepare such articles as window frames, moldings, trim and panels, and kitchen cabinets.
Students prepare survey instrument and compile results to identify target markets and locations.
Students prepare table and graph of low, and high stock prices and compare.
Students prepare tables and graphs to compare stocks.
Students prepare tables and graphs to present financial information and survey results.
Students prepare tax returns.
Students prepare teaching materials for use in elementary and secondary classrooms.
Students prepare technique charts with variations necessary for producing diagnostic radiographs.
Students prepare term paper dealing with an aspect of the law to which they have been exposed.
Students prepare the agenda for the meetings for members and significant-others from the community.
Students prepare the case report prior to class time.
Students prepare the copy, take pictures, layout the pages, find advertisers and sell yearbooks.
Students prepare the discovery board.
Students prepare the groundwork for their senior project in winter term of their junior year.
Students prepare the mid-term case individually.
Students prepare the requirement and design documents.
Students prepare the score and parts, and conduct their own works.
Students prepare their assignments on the computer and submit it via diskette or e-mail.
Students prepare their graduate thesis for a supervising professor who is available to offer advice.
Students prepare their manuscript and plan illustrations.
Students prepare their own baker layout.
Students prepare their own clay bodies and glaze formulas.
Students prepare their own collection of marine shells.
Students prepare their own food at the residence.
Students prepare their own fossil collection.
Students prepare their own meals according to their individual schedule and dietary preference.
Students prepare their own meals in the common kitchen.
Students prepare their own meals or eat in the subsidized restaurants on campus.
Students prepare their own meals, often sharing recipes or pot lucking their specialties.
Students prepare their own meals.
Students prepare their own productions from concept to completion.
Students prepare their portfolio, self-promotion and resume for presentation.
Students prepare their programs on floppy discs before each lab experiment begins.
Students prepare their proposals in consultation with their committees.
Students prepare their research proposal and have it evaluated by their peers and academic staff.
Students prepare their work for exhibition and build a portfolio.
Students prepare their work for exhibition.
Students prepare their writing using microcomputers.
Students prepare themselves for a written exam to obtain a driver s licence.
Students prepare themselves to fail by their choice of courses.
Students prepare to be effective decision-makers with marketing skills.
Students prepare to handle college-level material.
Students prepare to have their work seen, understood, and criticized.
Students prepare to launch their rockets.
Students prepare to participate in district speech competitions.
Students prepare to read by suggesting safety rules, a theme of the story.
Students prepare to receive their diplomas.
Students prepare to serve as defense and prosecuting attorneys.
Students prepare to use knowledge paired with pedagogy to effect and influence change in education.
Students prepare traditional foods representing some of their favorite dishes from home.
Students prepare transcripts of documents dictated on audio tapes.
Students prepare treatments and create master scene scripts.
Students prepare two field in history and two field in the history of religion.
Students prepare weekly critiques of presented papers and prepare a research paper of their own.
Students prepare with classroom and in-shop practice sessions.
Students prepare working drawings depicting structural steel, pipe, and reinforced concrete.
Students prepare working drawings for a commercial building.
Students prepare writing assignments and practice keyboarding at school and home.
Students prepare writing projects relating to the course material.
Students prepare written communications, contract forms, and schedules.
Students prepare written critical analyses as preparation for thoughtful discussions.
Students prepare written mission statements at the beginning of the quarter to set their goals.
Students prepare written reports and make an oral presentation to the group.
Students prepare written reports and oral presentation in conjunction with case study assignments.
Students prepare written reports and oral presentations at the conclusion of the course.
Students prepare written reports.
Students prepare written responses of no more than one typewritten double-spaced page.
Students prepare written solutions to case problems.
Students prepare, analyze, and compose projects in test construction.
Students prepare, deliver, and evaluate presentations by various media.
Students prepare, design, and implement several projects to cover all major issues.
Students prepare, package and sell baked goods to community residents.
Students prepare, participate in, and critique employment, journalistic, and appraisal interviews.
Students prepare, present and critically evaluate sermons.
Students prepare, present, and critique scientific presentations.
Students prepare, record, and post transactions using the appropriate ledgers.
Students prepare, teach and assess individual lessons in the special education classroom.
Students prepare, teach and assess individual lessons.
Students prepare, teach, and assess individual lessons.
Students preparing for a career in technical communication can also become members.
Students preparing for auditions or recitals also benefit from coaching.
Students preparing for Christian ministry are to be considered first.
Students preparing for different professions can customize their coursework.
Students preparing for qualifying examinations at the same time often form study and support groups.
Students preparing for work in secondary education find improved salaries and varied opportunities.
Students preparing presentations for class can also utilize it with minimal secretarial help.
Students prepay for the entire academic year, or for fall and spring semesters separately.
Students preregister at a time specified by their dean's office.
Students prescribe learning experience and engage in the laboratory approach to mathematics.
Students present a brief synopsis of their paper.
Students present a clear, specific understanding of the investigative process.
Students present a complete news report about an event from the Maya classical period.
Students present a departmental seminar on a selected topic in physiology.
Students present a detailed analysis of a forest transect in both written and oral form.
Students present a diagnosis of a system strategy for change.
Students present a full production plan as a final project.
Students present a home management and a hospital management overdose case.
Students present a lesson augmented with an electronic slide show produced during the course.
Students present a major dramatic production each year.
Students present a military skills subject briefing.
Students present a number of speeches which are videotaped for cumulative review.
Students present a persuasive speech arguing whether expansion was ultimately positive or negative.
Students present a portfolio of their clinical nursing experience covering at least five years.
Students present a program following lunch.
Students present a project involving detailed weather planning for a transoceanic flight.
Students present a report of their actual field experience based in part on their working log.
Students present a seminar.
Students present a shadow play using flashlights and hands or cut-outs.
Students present a summary of their experience to the major professor and advisory committee.
Students present a ten-minute case and discussion toward the end of the rotation.
Students present a variety of oral reports and write a research paper.
Students present a working spreadsheet application at the end of the course.
Students present a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Students present an action plan proposal.
Students present an independent research project to the class.
Students present and critique their hand drawn diagram.
Students present and critique timely scientific reports.
Students present and discuss articles assigned.
Students present and discuss dissertation material with tutors and fellow students on-line.
Students present and discuss journal articles.
Students present and discuss major ideas from assigned readings.
Students present and discuss original student research projects in science.
Students present and discuss problem set solutions, projects and examination questions.
Students present and discuss the subject matter with faculty guidance.
Students present and discuss their art work.
Students present and discuss their research at poster sessions.
Students present and discuss their results with their peers.
Students present and discuss their work at the conclusion of each workshop.
Students present at least one current research paper from the literature.
Students present at least one divisional seminar during their graduate careers.
Students present at the meeting shared their perspectives and experience with faculty.
Students present both written and oral reports on their projects and a written critique.
Students present brief chapter highlights.
Students present brief oral and written reports and write a substantial critical paper.
Students present clinical problems to the class for discussion.
Students present contracted projects to the class, either individually, in pairs, or in small teams.
Students present current events, conduct discussions and research a short presentation.
Students present current health care news articles in class.
Students present dissertations on approved topics in the areas of immunology and microbiology.
Students present final programs.
Students present final projects in both oral and written form.
Students present final projects in class - required.
Students present findings to the class.
Students present five graded speeches and engage in additional informal speaking activities.
Students present formal papers based on reading, research, and dialogue with faculty.
Students present formally at the end of the semester.
Students present fresh, new ideas to enhance our practice.
Students present individual research seminars based upon their dissertation projects.
Students present interviews in groups set up as a studio interview.
Students present major modes of inheritance and solve problems related to each type.
Students present many of the lectures, with the remainder being given by faculty and visitors.
Students present multicopied work to class for criticism.
Students present one seminar per term enrolled.
Students present ongoing progress reports on their honours theses.
Students present ongoing projects to class on a weekly basis.
Students present ongoing work and final projects in either an on-line or broadcast venue.
Students present oral and written reports at summer's end.
Students present oral and written reports of their individual studies in literature to the class.
Students present oral reports of their work for class discussion in addition to written reports.
Students present oral reports on material drawn from their ancillary reading.
Students present oral reports on their field experience to first year students and faculty.
Students present oral reports to the class.
Students present organized material on some subject of interest in architecture.
Students present organized material on some subject of interest.
Students present original compositions for examination, discussion, and performance by the class.
Students present paper to class using visual aids or computer generated presentations.
Students present papers on scientific material and participate in discussions.
Students present papers to colleagues.
Students present patients that they have worked-up.
Students present periodic reports.
Students present personal research seminars based on their individual dissertation projects.
Students present plays to the rest of the class.
Students present posters on the summer research they conduct.
Students present recent papers in selected subjects.
Students present recommendations on how Webmasters can keep 'em coming back.
Students present reports and evaluations of world workshop proceedings.
Students present reports on exotic pest plants, plants that repel insects and insect invasion.
Students present research in a formal setting at the end of the four week class.
Students present research in progress and write a research paper of significant length.
Students present research papers.
Students present research plans and report on topics for an ongoing research project.
Students present research results to a campus forum.
Students present research updates.
Students present reviews of selected topics.
Students present reviews of the literature and write critiques.
Students present scientific talks with critique by students and professors.
Students present several formal and informal speeches and a debate.
Students present several talks on the chosen topic.
Students present short skits on ways to say no to drugs.
Students present skits to other classes.
Students present skits.
Students present speeches to inform, solve problems, and persuade.
Students present testimony before a panel of community members in a simulated congressional hearing.
Students present testimony in a mock congressional hearing on a health and safety issue.
Students present the business plan and web site to the class.
Students present the class project.
Students present the different aspects of African culture.
Students present the findings of their research to the class.
Students present the objects they brought from home.
Students present the paper in a public forum.
Students present the poem to an audience of listeners.
Students present the report to the client with their recommendations at a final meeting.
Students present the result of the project in oral and written form.
Students present the results of their investigations at the annual Biology Honors Research Day.
Students present the results of their research during the second year of the program.
Students present the results of their research papers.
Students present the results of their research to the seminar during the class sessions.
Students present the results of their research.
Students present the results of their thesis or dissertation research.
Students present the second research paper to the faculty and other Ph.D. students.
Students present the Walk Like Activity to their families, at home.
Students present their abstracts during a formal research day in oral and poster sessions.
Students present their action plans to the class.
Students present their analyses orally and in essays constructed piece by piece during the term.
Students present their attempts to solve each of the exercises.
Students present their bills in a mock committee hearing that is videotaped.
Students present their bird, niche, and habitat to the class.
Students present their book in some imaginative form in front of the classroom.
Students present their brochure as a seminar.
Students present their business plans to a panel of judges from the venture capital community.
Students present their case using charts and graphs showing their chemical analysis.
Students present their Civil War battle to the class.
Students present their completed work at the Design Expo at the end of the spring semester.
Students present their conceptual journal and their cognitive map related to their journal.
Students present their conservation plan to the rest of the class.
Students present their couture creations.
Students present their critiques in class and receive feedback.
Students present their design to a panel of engineers and managers from the mining industry.
Students present their diagram to the class.
Students present their digital portfolios at the end of the year.
Students present their findings and discuss similarities and differences.
Students present their findings at a student-faculty forum after spring break.
Students present their findings at regional, national, and international professional conferences.
Students present their findings in a poster session at an open-university forum the following year.
Students present their findings in science class.
Students present their findings in various formats.
Students present their findings in writing and in a colloquium.
Students present their findings to the class and provide everyone with a copy of their report.
Students present their findings to the class.
Students present their findings to their classmates and the instructor.
Students present their finished global warming reports to the whole class and the entire school.
Students present their finished project.
Students present their finished projects to the class.
Students present their First Year Papers .
Students present their home pages to class.
Students present their ideas at the board.
Students present their ideas to the other groups.
Students present their IDs to check out books.
Students present their insurance card and the co-pay.
Students present their journal entries to the class.
Students present their learning in the way of their choice.
Students present their learning with a speech and an artistic display.
Students present their library card at the circulation desk before the late bell.
Students present their management plan to the rest of the class.
Students present their model or plan of the lander to the class.
Students present their neighborhood map to the class.
Students present their original research and lead discussions on topics of their choosing.
Students present their own arrangements of pieces in class.
Students present their own research and critique the work of others.
Students present their own research at departmental seminars annually.
Students present their own work in progress or read books and articles together.
Students present their own work in the last class meeting.
Students present their papers at small round table discussions led by a faculty presider.
Students present their papers orally and defend their theses before a faculty panel.
Students present their plan analysis to the rest of the class.
Students present their plans and results from midfall through midspring term.
Students present their plans or diagrams to the class.
Students present their poem orally to their classmates.
Students present their pond scenes to the whole class.
Students present their portfolio to a committee of two faculty and one professional from the field.
Students present their posters on presentation day without notes to the class.
Students present their posters to the class.
Students present their progress as oral scientific presentations.
Students present their project in a public forum and are evaluated by a faculty committee.
Students present their project to others.
Students present their project to the class at an appropriate time.
Students present their projects at a seminar on the last day of their sessions.
Students present their projects for discussion and analysis.
Students present their projects in a seminar of faculty and peers.
Students present their projects in lesson three.
Students present their projects online with links to the course website.
Students present their projects to the class.
Students present their projects to the community.
Students present their projects using powerpoint.
Students present their property management plan to the rest of the class.
Students present their proposal and rationale for the research to their peers and teacher.
Students present their qualifying report cards at the manager's office in their main exchange.
Students present their recommendations for land management strategies to the rest of the class.
Students present their report in writing to the instructor and orally to the seminar group.
Students present their report.
Students present their reports and answer questions from the audience.
Students present their reports on the threatened plants and animals they researched.
Students present their reports or research papers to the class.
Students present their reports to the class.
Students present their research at a series of contests.
Students present their research at professional scientific conventions.
Students present their research data and receive valuable feedback from experts in their fields.
Students present their research findings as transactional essays.
Students present their research findings at annual symposiums and conferences.
Students present their research findings at the annual district conference each year.
Students present their research findings using correct standard written and spoken English.
Students present their research ideas in a low stress convention format.
Students present their research in a department seminar prior to graduation.
Students present their research in a poster format to other students, faculty, and administration.
Students present their research in a professional setting.
Students present their research progress every other week at a departmental research conference.
Students present their research projects to judges using formal project display boards.
Students present their research to an appropriate group near the end of the rotation.
Students present their research to fellow students, at science fair exhibits and to the public.
Students present their research to members of the business community.
Students present their research to the class.
Students present their research web pages as a culminating activity of the two week camp experience.
Students present their research, along with a detailed log of their research activities.
Students present their research.
Students present their results and conclusions to the group in a discussion setting.
Students present their results and hand-off their work to clients.
Students present their results at conferences and meetings of professional societies.
Students present their results either by poster or by oral presentation.
Students present their results in a public forum.
Students present their results in class.
Students present their results in the form of a written thesis and an oral presentation.
Students present their results orally in a presentation to their lab section.
Students present their results verbally and with a poster.
Students present their rules to the class in a mock agency public hearing that is videotaped.
Students present their sentences to the class.
Students present their solutions to the class and to the instructor in a formal manner.
Students present their solutions to the group.
Students present their spacecraft designs to the class They explain the parts and their functions.
Students present their stamps to the class, explaining why they chose to use the image they used.
Students present their stories, and the class decides which ones are real.
Students present their studies at interdepartmental conferences.
Students present their summaries.
Students present their talk shows to the class.
Students present their topics to their peers as an oral presentation to the class.
Students present their work and answer questions about how they produced the books.
Students present their work at an informal symposium at the end of the summer.
Students present their work for examination and it is evaluated.
Students present their work for review and criticism in class.
Students present their work free to the public at the end of the summer.
Students present their work in poster format or give an oral presentation.
Students present their work in progress for seminar discussion and critique.
Students present their work, at various phases of development, to their peers for critical review.
Students present their work.
Students present to class their analysis of their sonnet with the help of their slide show.
Students present to class their findings in an oral presentation.
Students present two informal book talks, five minutes in length.
Students present two research seminars during the year.
Students present two topics formally and critique both content and style of other students.
Students present valid IDs to ride.
Students present weekly reports.
Students present written and oral lab reports.
Students present written and oral reports to the group to reinforce technical communication skills.
Students present written and oral reports.
Students present written ideas in their own words.
Students present, discuss, and critique aspects of their projects on a regular basis.
Students present, discuss, and critique aspects of their projects on a regular weekly basis.
Students present, turn in written version.
Students presenting a current student ID card ride the shuttle free of charge.
Students presenting papers compete for scholarships.
Students press and hold their buttons to speak and adjust the student's camera.
Students press letters to hear their sounds and to spell three-letter words.
Students press the button when they want to ask or answer a question.
Students pretend that they are, for example, rocket scientists.
Students pretend to move their noses to the tops of their heads to make a blowhole.
Students preview the art and decide which pieces they want to bid on with our classroom currency.
Students preview the dissection on the computer before they actually perform the incisions.
Students preview the reading assignments, noting heading and skimming introduction and the summary.
Students price the appetizers, soups, salads, and entrees based on the rules.
Students primarily measure their own physiological function rather than using animal models.
Students primarily receive help with the content and structure of their papers.
Students primarily register by touch-tone telephone.
Students primarily run as well as organize the club.
Students primarily study alto repertoire in the private lessons.
Students primarily travel to and from the property in college vehicles.
Students primarily use hand tools.
Students primarily work alone.
Students primarily work in groups. . .
Students primarily work in groups.
Students primarily work with horses while at the Ranch.
Students primer on earthquakes with teacher resources.
Students print a copy of the recipe to paste in their journals.
Students print and display their work.
Students print and share their completed graphs with class.
Students print and submit e-mails to teacher.
Students print material on the sites pertinate to plot development.
Students print on a wide variety of presses and substrates.
Students print out advisor memos and vote in an online web poll.
Students print out facial images in black and white.
Students print out or replicate a battle map.
Students print out stories and then their instructors put their comments on the papers by hand.
Students print out their picture, indicate color scheme on a post-it, or on the back.
Students print out their poem.
Students print out web pages and turn in with reports.
Students print slide films on computers.
Students print the graphic of their chosen planet and return to their classroom.
Students print their finished product and then the next students opens the saved blank template.
Students print their newsletters.
Students print their word list and read it.
Students print their work and submit final portfolio.
Students print their work.
Students prioritise issues for the agenda.
Students probably alter their study and learning patterns for a compressed session.
Students probably represent the largest group using the Q-test.
Students probate a simple estate.
Students probe into the meaning behind artistic expressions.
Students probe the relationships between speaking, listening, reading, and writing.
Students probe the use of language in artistic settings.
Students proceed at their own level with criteria to meet.
Students proceed at their own pace and apply for degree one semester before anticipated graduation.
Students proceed at their own pace ensuring a rich learning experience.
Students proceed at their own pace in a highly interactive learning environment.
Students proceed at their own pace through the material listed above.
Students proceed at their own pace toward completion of the program.
Students proceed at their own pace, repeating lessons as they require.
Students proceed at their own pace.
Students proceed at their own rate.
Students proceed at very different speeds.
Students proceed by preparing an answer on an assignment.
Students proceed directly to their internships after the last class of the day.
Students proceed only by completing a section, and then progressing to the next one.
Students proceed quickly and quietly to their designated area.
Students proceed though the program at their own pace.
Students proceed through courses in a cohort.
Students proceed through each of the training modules at their own pace.
Students proceed through several steps before formally becoming candidates for the Ph.D. degree.
Students proceed through the core as a unified class.
Students proceed through the curriculum at their own pace as they master skills and content.
Students proceed through the lessons at their own pace, in their own time.
Students proceed through the program as a cohort group in approximately one year.
Students proceed through the program as members of a cohort, working closely with core faculty.
Students proceed to buses.
Students proceed to the application of their acquired skills to scripted material.
Students proceed to train an unbroke or green colt to a predetermined level.
Students process at their own pace and their progress can be monitored for remediation.
Students process daily events together at evening campfires.
Students process their experiences in a small group format with a faculty supervisor.
Students proclaim that their school is the land of 'accessibility.' . . .
Students procrastinate because studying is hard work and often boring.
Students procrastinate in discovering what the school offers.
Students produce a campaign or event for a hypothetical client.
Students produce a case analysis of the employer.
Students produce a clear strategic plan and a portfolio.
Students produce a complete interactive multimedia project.
Students produce a daily show that is broadcast throughout the school.
Students produce a daily video news program as a vehicle for communication about school events.
Students produce a description of an accent of English.
Students produce a digital video for a designed civil structure as a class project.
Students produce a final project paper after being led through a series of fact-finding sites.
Students produce a final project with the notation program of their choice.
Students produce a grant proposal for a hypothetical or real granting entity.
Students produce a list of four to six ethical dilemmas at work.
Students produce a live webcast as a class project.
Students produce a magazine layout, and a corporate identity project.
Students produce a music video which they write, direct and film.
Students produce a narrative video project.
Students produce a newspaper bi-monthly.
Students produce a picture to summarize a problem in a story.
Students produce a portfolio of editions of music of approx.
Students produce a portfolio of original poems by the end of the semester.
Students produce a portfolio of their work.
Students produce a portfolio that surveys commercial applications.
Students produce a power point presentation on their element.
Students produce a preliminary thesis statement, proposal, outline, and working bibliography.
Students produce a printed page with directions.
Students produce a professional-level video program as part of requirement.
Students produce a research paper addressing the history of a local environmental issue.
Students produce a research paper demonstrating scholarship.
Students produce a research paper or conduct an original empirical research project.
Students produce a research project utilizing the research methods of the field.
Students produce a research seminar paper related to the topic studied.
Students produce a self-hypnosis tape for personal use which is critiqued.
Students produce a set of construction drawings of an interior space.
Students produce a short film describing a place, a process, and a short film portrait.
Students produce a substantial amount of written material, which is critiqued and rewritten.
Students produce a substantial written review combining secondary sources with their own data.
Students produce a tape for an outside corporate client.
Students produce a travel guide for the spot they choose.
Students produce a variety of program material.
Students produce a variety of transactional and poetic writing based on course work.
Students produce a variety of welds on different metals using several methods.
Students produce a video as a group project.
Students produce a video of what they learned.
Students produce a web site using the most advanced technology available.
Students produce a weekly newspaper, yearbook, literary magazine and television program.
Students produce a weekly program, which appears on campus and local cable systems.
Students produce a wide variety of pies, tea cakes, cheesecakes and cookies.
Students produce a working mold and die.
Students produce a working production plan and research source suppliers.
Students produce a yearbook, a monthly newspaper and a literary magazine.
Students produce abstracts, correspondence, reports, and other technical formats.
Students produce actual programs for use on college media and for external use.
Students produce an actual campaign.
Students produce an annual photography magazine of their work.
Students produce an annual volume for the current school year.
Students produce an eight page travel booklet for their friend.
Students produce an essay on an assigned topic within a specified amount of time.
Students produce an extended portfolio.
Students produce an original research paper using primary sources.
Students produce and bring to class for analysis and commentary, a large quantity of original work.
Students produce and broadcast programs to the student body.
Students produce and demonstrate the proper utilization of a multimedia material.
Students produce and demonstrate the proper utilization of multimedia materials.
Students produce and direct a series of one-act plays.
Students produce and host their own music and variety shows.
Students produce and listen to performances of their compositions and arrangements.
Students produce and perform a short play.
Students produce and present original research papers.
Students produce animated shows.
Students produce application systems using object-oriented analysis and design techniques.
Students produce badges as rewards for the best economists in class.
Students produce both written and oral presentations of their findings and ideas.
Students produce brief reports related to course topics and express opinions simply.
Students produce camera-ready art.
Students produce campus student newspaper.
Students produce coherent body of work consistent with their personal vision.
Students produce color prints from color transparencies, negatives and internegatives.
Students produce computer-generated graphs in regulaly assigned projects throughout the semester.
Students produce computer-generated graphs in regularly assigned projects throughout the semester.
Students produce computer-generated layouts.
Students produce critical and creative products.
Students produce customized reports and forms and extract information based on criteria.
Students produce design concepts and specifications for increasingly complex building projects.
Students produce design solutions for end-users.
Students produce digital interactive presentations, kiosks and web-ready programs.
Students produce digital portfolios of their work, accessible online to parents.
Students produce distance vs. time and velocity vs. time graphs.
Students produce documentary, dramatic or commercial studio projects.
Students produce documents using a word processor.
Students produce drawings, paintings, and three-dimensional objects.
Students produce each annotated report for other students based on criteria listed here.
Students produce extended written projects.
Students produce 'Field Notes' for KUFM radio.
Students produce final design pieces to assemble into a portfolio.
Students produce final, error free pieces of written composition on a regular basis.
Students produce final, error-free pieces of written composition on a regular basis.
Students produce final, error-free pieces of written compositions on a regular basis.
Students produce finished programs for outside institutions through studio and field production.
Students produce five editions of the newspaper to be shared with counselors, parents and staff.
Students produce four or five magazine articles with emphasis on student ideas.
Students produce geologic maps, cross sections, and reports.
Students produce images with black and white materials.
Students produce independently their own presentation.
Students produce individual projects.
Students produce informational web sites.
Students produce lengthy expository and argumentative discourse.
Students produce live announcements through the media retrieval system on a daily basis.
Students produce live broadcasts on a weekly and monthly basis.
Students produce maps.
Students produce middle sound in given words.
Students produce mini-proposals to justify their choice of medium.
Students produce more faster.
Students produce more writing.
Students produce multimedia video and desktop publishing reports on a regular basis.
Students produce multi-paragraph compositions with varied sentence structure.
Students produce music videos and a one-hour news show.
Students produce news, sports, music video, talk, and dramatic programming that airs locally.
Students produce news, weather, sports and interview segments for each week's live production.
Students produce one outfit during session.
Students produce original designs based on sources selected by the student.
Students produce pH versus volume graphs for a strong acid strong base titration.
Students produce portfolio of PR writing tools and techniques.
Students produce portfolios at each station which include digitized pictures of their work.
Students produce portfolios for transfer to a four-year college or for employment.
Students produce portfolios of evidence to gain the certificate.
Students produce portfolios of the various tools to demonstrate mastery of application.
Students produce posters, cards, monograms, and signs as they learn design principles.
Students produce processed foods in a pilot plant.
Students produce professional quality advertising materials for national competition.
Students produce project work both individually and jointly as team members.
Students produce projects from both observation and the imagination.
Students produce projects using computer editing and special effects.
Students produce protoplasts and answer analysis questions.
Students produce public presentations.
Students produce quality work that is relevant.
Students produce quality work when they are provided with purposeful assignments.
Students produce radio programs, from music to commercials to news, in the college's own studio.
Students produce research proposals and conduct pilot studies for such research.
Students produce results.
Students produce sample pieces as a survey of various techniques are explored.
Students produce semester-long project intended for publication.
Students produce several creative projects.
Students produce several programs including news, sports, variety, campus event specials, and drama.
Students produce several projects.
Students produce several research documents.
Students produce several television segments such as news, commercials, and dramatic programs.
Students produce short narrative films by team effort.
Students produce short video assignments.
Students produce similar results.
Students produce some incredible work.
Students produce sounds, connect numeric and graphic components of a synthesizer.
Students produce soups, salads, appetizers, hot and cold entrees, and baked items for service.
Students produce studies based on real-life situations that exist at their sites.
Students produce talk, game and news programs.
Students produce taped radio and TV shows.
Students produce technical instructions, promotions, reports, and correspondence.
Students produce technical instructions, reports, promotions, and correspondence.
Students produce television news shows and publish a campus newspaper.
Students produce the final report demonstrating the completion of the project.
Students produce the official campus newspaper.
Students produce the paper which covers the campus and community.
Students produce the school newspaper fourteen times during the school year.
Students produce their final copy to discuss with the teacher and write a final draft.
Students produce their own documentary on a topic related to the script.
Students produce their own interactive presentation for a product launch.
Students produce their own musical compositions in each media context.
Students produce their own studio and live television programs.
Students produce their own video drama.
Students produce their own web pages.
Students produce their own work in a video format.
Students produce their own work.
Students produce their own written or visual ethnographies as a final project.
Students produce TV commercials against beer use.
Students produce two stories a week with a minimum of errors.
Students produce various promotional pieces to publicize upcoming campus activities.
Students produce video projects, treatments, scripts, release forms, shot sheets.
Students produce web banners, websites, logos, CD-ROMs, and videos.
Students produce weekly feature articles based on their ideas.
Students produce weekly newscasts,sports shows, fitness programs, music video shows and game shows.
Students produce work or solve problems that have meaning in the real world.
Students produce works in stoneware, raku and saggered fired earthenware.
Students produce written work that makes connections to related topics or information.
Students produce written works and exhibits, performances, and projects.
Students produce, direct and videotape dramatic scripts.
Students produce, direct, and work crew for productions.
Students produce, direct, host and conduct live interviews in the campus television studio.
Students produce, promote, and present a variety of programs.
Students produce, shoot, and edit special effects using electronic and digital tools.
Students produce, videotape, and critique several field-based productions.
Students produce, write and direct a short production.
Students proficient in the languages indicate in parenthesis below are eligible to apply.
Students profit by receiving substantive feedback, and thus they have a better chance at success.
Students profit from a very interactive and interdisciplinary classroom environment.
Students profit from the individual tutorial program that covers all aspects of beginning logic.
Students profit from the speakers' interests and insights in an atmosphere of fellowship.
Students profit personally, however, by improving their communication and relationship skills.
Students progess at their own level and the patience of the computer is never frayed.
Students program an electric train layout to run multiple trains simultaneously over complex routes.
Students progress as a cohort with peers from their own corporation.
Students progress as they master new skills, moving ahead as quickly as they are ready.
Students progress at an individual pace.
Students progress at different rates according to their individual abilities.
Students progress at individual rate.
Students progress at their individual pace.
Students progress at their learning levels to achieve their goals.
Students progress at their own pace and an assortment of enrichment experiences is offered.
Students progress at their own pace and can interrupt the program at any point.
Students progress at their own pace and work toward personal job goals.
Students progress at their own pace as they demonstrate mastery of skills.
Students progress at their own pace ensuring high motivation and personal success.
Students progress at their own pace in a non-competitive atmosphere.
Students progress at their own pace, advancing when ready and taking extra time when necessary.
Students progress at their own pace, receiving immediate positive feedback and encouragement.
Students progress at their own pace.
Students progress at their own rate and level of ability.
Students progress at their own rate of speed.
Students progress at their own rate working to achieve prescribed objectives.
Students progress at their own rate, with individuals questions answered as needed.
Students progress at their own rate, working to achieve prescribed objectives.
Students progress at their own rate.
Students progress at their own rates and according to their specific learning styles.
Students progress at their own rates.
Students progress at their own speed and can return to the courses for just in time reference.
Students progress at their own speed and each instructional flight is carefully critiqued.
Students progress at their own speed as they master each unit.
Students progress at their own speed, planning as many projects as they wish in the time available.
Students progress at their own speed, with an instructor always on hand to provide help.
Students progress at their own speed.
Students progress at various rates.
Students progress by demonstrative performance rather than age.
Students progress by learning and demonstrating higher skill levels.
Students progress folders incorporate lesson plans, grades and progress of each student.
Students progress from accurate representation of the figure to informed, gestural expression.
Students progress from basic to more advanced materials in systematic stages.
Students progress from complex sentences to paragraphs to extended discourse.
Students progress from concrete hands-on activities to the use of abstract symbols and concepts.
Students progress from making of simple seals to preparation of laboratory apparatus.
Students progress from parts of speech to the analysis of clauses.
Students progress from simple exercises to more complex problems.
Students progress from sixth through eighth grade along a number of mathematical dimensions.
Students progress into working with sentences and conversations.
Students progress more easily when the instrument has a high degree of playability.
Students progress more rapidly if they have regular feedback about their performance.
Students progress on an individual basis.
Students progress through a carefully designed sequence of coursework and clinical experiences.
Students progress through a core of courses in music theory and music literature and history.
Students progress through a one-year program that consists of eight courses and one elective.
Students progress through a specific sequence of stories and skills.
Students progress through certified performance examinations.
Students progress through classes at their individual rates of achievement.
Students progress through elementary and secondary school mathematics at their own pace.
Students progress through four labs, one each report period.
Students progress through grade level instruction skipping one or more grades.
Students progress through one of two major tracks.
Students progress through on-line instruction, residency instruction, and independent study.
Students progress through the activities at their own pace and can complete problems in any order.
Students progress through the course at their own pace.
Students progress through the course at their own speed, usually in isolation.
Students progress through the first three years of the medical school curriculum.
Students progress through the lessons at their own pace.
Students progress through the modules at their own pace through our learning lab.
Students progress through the program as a cohort group.
Students progress through the program as either full or part time.
Students progress through the program at their own rate and are rewarded through personal goals.
Students progress through the stages of the writing process and proofread, edit, and revise writing.
Students progress through the stages of the writing process as needed.
Students progress through their studies as a group, taking courses in an established sequence.
Students progress through their training in the hospital's clinical laboratories.
Students progress through three levels of study, each of which consists of two semesters.
Students progress through three major stages.
Students progress to a dissertation topic.
Students progress to assisting dentists in the dental clinics.
Students progress to job-training sites and on to paid employment, if appropriate.
Students progress to more advanced writing on topics of their choice.
Students progress together through the entire sequence of courses.
Students progress toward the objective of being experienced readers.
Students progress towards fluency in basic language structures used in everyday conversations.
Students progude newspapers, yearbooks, video productions, web pages, and literary magazines.
Students project their own value systems in designing concepts of the future.
Students promise to do their homework and arrive at school on time.
Students promote each other's learning by helping, sharing and encouraging efforts to learn.
Students promote each others learning by helping, sharing, and encouraging effects to learn.
Students promote physical therapy through various activities during the academic year.
Students promote retention and success in primary and secondary education in local districts.
Students proof their own work by reading aloud and reading for sensibility.
Students proofread their findings from the web to make sure they answered the question.
Students propel the direction conversation flows.
Students properly use the bridge construction principles to build a working model of a bridge.
Students propose a design idea or issue to be developed in depth.
Students propose a hypothesis and design an experiment to test their hypothesis.
Students propose and discuss special research topics.
Students propose and produce a self-initiated solo exhibition.
Students propose college courses during the semester before they are offered.
Students propose honors theses under the supervision of psychology faculty.
Students propose legal resolutions to contemporary administrative issues.
Students propose more investigations.
Students propose original research ideas.
Students propose pilot research projects as an application of principles covered in the course.
Students propose possible solutions.
Students propose projects with or without accompanying text.
Students propose solutions to the things that they found that hinder breathing.
Students propose solutions.
Students propose strategies to avoid using and preventing sexist language.
Students propose studio thesis projects at the end of their junior year.
Students propose, conduct, analyze and prepare a written thesis paper based on their research.
Students propose, legislate and execute laws governing student behavior in the school.
Students propose, research, report, write, and revise articles.
Students proposing to enter honours English take the same lower division courses as English majors.
Students prosecute misdemeanor cases and attend skills exercise classes.
Students protest moldy air .
Students protest Republican plans at colleges across the country.
Students protest the dismissal of an administrator.
Students prototype a minimum system and expanded system.
Students proudly display their sewing.
Students prove basic theorems involving congruence and similarity.
Students prove change over time through written data.
Students prove simple laws of logarithms.
Students prove that the slopes of perpendicular lines are negative reciprocals.
Students prove their sense of fun is . . .
Students provide a brief summary and critique.
Students provide a community resource list for families, in addition to the usual referrals.
Students provide a digital multimeter for the experiments.
Students provide a great deal of support, praise and assistance to each other via the net.
Students provide a laptop computer with an ethernet card to be able to get on the network and a bag.
Students provide a manually-operated camera and materials for printing and presentation .
Students provide a necessary link between the local community and federal land managers.
Students provide a needed service.
Students provide a Roman and Arabic numeral analysis for the progression that they have created.
Students provide a variety of programming from genre music blocks to campus talk shows.
Students provide accurate, basic responses to the guiding questions presented for each activity.
Students provide activity clothing and sneakers.
Students provide activity clothing.
Students provide additional film or photography paper as needed.
Students provide all of their own dive gear except tanks.
Students provide all other components in building their cars.
Students provide an electrical diagram of the circuitry.
Students provide an evaluation of the in-theater marketing and audience reactions.
Students provide and cook their own meals on weekends.
Students provide and maintain their own uniforms.
Students provide and obtain information about their favorite colors of T-shirts.
Students provide and obtain information and express opinions about animals.
Students provide and obtain information as they get ready to act out the story.
Students provide and obtain information the clown poem.
Students provide answers.
Students provide applications to their departments in order to be nominated by their department.
Students provide appropriate music.
Students provide assistance to the callers.
Students provide basic care to clients.
Students provide bedding, mattress pad, towels and all other personal items.
Students provide blankets, pillows, linens, and curtains.
Students provide by singing songs about animals and their habitats.
Students provide camera, all accessories.
Students provide camera, film, and paper.
Students provide camera.
Students provide cameras and supplies.
Students provide care for the unborn child and the newborn, and are involved in parental education.
Students provide care to clients with diverse health care problems in real life situations .
Students provide care to communities and groups.
Students provide community service while creating positive changes in their community.
Students provide correct answers.
Students provide counseling to small business firms.
Students provide counselling to their own clients.
Students provide cross-age bilingual tutoring and translation services.
Students provide demonstrations, talks, and exhibits on their project.
Students provide dental hygiene care to periodontal patients in the clinical setting.
Students provide description of course.
Students provide details.
Students provide diagnostic and rehabilitative services under supervision of certified audiologists.
Students provide diagnostic and therapeutic services in clinical setting.
Students provide dishes, utensils, and cookware.
Students provide documentation.
Students provide editing and sound materials and are responsible for laboratory costs.
Students provide elementary school children with opportunities to engage in science activity.
Students provide energy and urgency.
Students provide entertaining programs at each meeting .
Students provide evidence for claims and arguments.
Students provide examples.
Students provide fabrics and fusible web.
Students provide faculty with course evaluation information.
Students provide feedback through student focus groups at the block level.
Students provide film stock, processing and sound materials.
Students provide film, paper, supplies.
Students provide food and laundry supplies.
Students provide free consulting services and produce field-case studies to small businesses.
Students provide honest feedback and encouragement for each other.
Students provide increasingly complex nursing care for clients in a variety of settings.
Students provide increasingly complex nursing care in a variety of settings.
Students provide individual companionship for the elderly.
Students provide individual therapy using relevant and current client data.
Students provide information about the graph in response to the teacher s questions.
Students provide information about what they saw out their windows.
Students provide inspiration.
Students provide language, literacy and citizenship tutoring for elderly immigrants and refugees.
Students provide leadership by aspiring to become bilingual.
Students provide legal assistance to crime victims.
Students provide letter from right column which disappear if incorrect when verified.
Students provide letters in blanks.
Students provide limited evaluations and services to clients in a therapeutic setting.
Students provide linens and utensils.
Students provide linens, dishes, coffee makers and any other simple cooking implements.
Students provide locks and register the locker number on the posted sign-up sheet.
Students provide management reports and a formal oral presentation.
Students provide materials and supplies.
Students provide materials.
Students provide mediation services for classmates involved in playground and personal disputes.
Students provide more detailed feedback in the narrative sections of the form.
Students provide more details.
Students provide nursing care in the home for persons and families experiencing chronic illness.
Students provide other furnishings to suit their tastes.
Students provide own equipment.
Students provide own field trip transportation.
Students provide own guitars.
Students provide own instrument.
Students provide own lunch.
Students provide own materials.
Students provide own motorcycles.
Students provide own pillar candle.
Students provide own sergers.
Students provide own supplies, approx.
Students provide own supplies.
Students provide own transportation.
Students provide own video camera and tape supplies.
Students provide paper, film and supplies.
Students provide patient care each clinical day.
Students provide peer tutoring, sharing and critiquing each other's ideas and projects from afar.
Students provide preventive oral health services to child and adult patients seen in the clinic.
Students provide progress reports on their research and activity.
Students provide quick tours of their own sites.
Students provide references and interview with a selection committee.
Students provide representation in civil cases under the supervision of an attorney.
Students provide respite care for parents.
Students provide service to the community through one-time and ongoing projects.
Students provide services in selected communities served by the community health centers.
Students provide services in the home with follow-up.
Students provide situations in which figurative language can be appropriately applied.
Students provide smoking awareness presentations to area elementary schools.
Students provide specified graphics art tools.
Students provide staff support through volunteer and internship opportunities.
Students provide stimulating ideas and a refreshing perspective for businesses.
Students provide such items as lamps, rugs, pictures, linens, blankets and pillows.
Students provide such work voluntarily and at their own risk.
Students provide the allergy injection schedule and allergy serum from their allergist.
Students provide the first level of support, and also help with a wide range of projects.
Students provide the materials to make each outfit.
Students provide the music and assist in worship leadership.
Students provide the music, give the message and lead the service.
Students provide the platforms for their cars, as well as axles, wheels and fasteners.
Students provide the proper documentation to instructors during the first week of classes.
Students provide the reader with blank tapes.
Students provide the real-life examples that are discussed in their courses.
Students provide the word corresponding to the picture, and then parse the word into syllables.
Students provide their own art materials.
Students provide their own basic hand tools.
Students provide their own bed linen and pillows.
Students provide their own bed linen, pillow and towels.
Students provide their own bed linens, personal linens, pillows, blankets and toilet articles.
Students provide their own bed linens, pillows, wastepaper baskets, and cleaning supplies.
Students provide their own bed linens, towels and study lamps.
Students provide their own bedding and towels.
Students provide their own bedding, linen, towels, dishes and utensils.
Students provide their own bedding, linen, towels, dishes, computers, and utensils.
Students provide their own bedding, pillows, area rugs, and other items.
Students provide their own bedsheets, blankets, and towels.
Students provide their own Bible and other books for classroom work.
Students provide their own bicycles.
Students provide their own bike, helmet, protective equipment, and clothing.
Students provide their own boats and crew.
Students provide their own books, transportation, and special fees.
Students provide their own breakfasts and evening meal.
Students provide their own camera, film and paper.
Students provide their own camera, film and procession.
Students provide their own cameras and film.
Students provide their own cameras, film, paper, and some individual supplies.
Students provide their own cameras.
Students provide their own computer equipment and can connect with the class on their own schedules.
Students provide their own computers.
Students provide their own cooking utensils, dishes and cutlery.
Students provide their own cooking utensils.
Students provide their own disks.
Students provide their own film and paper.
Students provide their own food.
Students provide their own furniture.
Students provide their own guitars or rent one.
Students provide their own guitars.
Students provide their own instrument and music books.
Students provide their own instrument.
Students provide their own instruments.
Students provide their own ironing boards and irons.
Students provide their own laundry detergent.
Students provide their own linen.
Students provide their own linens and personal items.
Students provide their own linens and toiletries.
Students provide their own linens, towels, study lamps, telephones, and other personal items.
Students provide their own linens, utensils, and telephones.
Students provide their own lunch.
Students provide their own lunches and eat in supervised areas.
Students provide their own materials.
Students provide their own meals and bedding.
Students provide their own meals and lodging.
Students provide their own meals in London, and food costs also vary widely depending on lifestyle.
Students provide their own medical insurance, spending money for school and personal supplies.
Students provide their own mountain bikes.
Students provide their own nordic ski equipment for all ski courses.
Students provide their own notebook paper to the notetakers using carbon paper.
Students provide their own or rent guitars.
Students provide their own paper and supplies.
Students provide their own partners.
Students provide their own pattern, fabric with thread to match , pins and scissors.
Students provide their own pencil, small square, protractor and notebook.
Students provide their own phone.
Students provide their own pillows, bed linens, towels, lamps, clocks, wastebaskets, and telephones.
Students provide their own pillows, bedding, study lamps, and alarm clock.
Students provide their own room phone.
Students provide their own serum based on prescriptions from their allergist.
Students provide their own sleeping bag, and appropriate clothing for fall weather.
Students provide their own snacks, drinking water, hat, sunscreen and eyeglass retainers.
Students provide their own snacks.
Students provide their own soap and towels, a desk lamp and a reading lamp.
Students provide their own subject matter.
Students provide their own supplies and materials.
Students provide their own supplies as explained by instructor.
Students provide their own swim suits.
Students provide their own swimsuit, towel, cap, and goggles.
Students provide their own telephone sets.
Students provide their own television and antenna cable to connect to the system.
Students provide their own television set.
Students provide their own televisions.
Students provide their own textbooks and instructional and art supplies.
Students provide their own touch-tone phones.
Students provide their own touch-tone telephones.
Students provide their own touring bicycle and equipment.
Students provide their own towels, linens, cleaning supplies and toiletries.
Students provide their own towels, sheets, blankets and pillows.
Students provide their own transportation for home care and public health experiences.
Students provide their own transportation for the field trip.
Students provide their own transportation to and from all clinical sites.
Students provide their own transportation to and from clinical sites.
Students provide their own transportation to and from their internsip site.
Students provide their own transportation to clinical settings.
Students provide their own transportation, books, and spending money.
Students provide their own transportation, photographic equipment and food for the weekend.
Students provide their own transportation.
Students provide their own travel expenses but are provided living expenses abroad.
Students provide their own travel funds.
Students provide their own travel to and from clinical facilities as assigned by faculty.
Students provide their own utensils and linens.
Students provide their own washing products, irons and cleaning materials.
Students provide their own wood.
Students provide transportation.
Students provide tutoring and serve as teaching assistants for some courses.
Students provide tutoring each semester for all computer science courses on offer.
Students provide valuable input into the future of the profession.
Students provide valuable insight on all of the activities taking place on campus.
Students provide valuable services and cover for vacations, lunch hours and other staffing needs.
Students provide valuable support and information networks for each other.
Students provide valuable work in areas ranging from academic offices to research labs.
Students provide video solutions to exercises and problems.
Students Provide Wear clothes appropriate for movement and the weather.
Students provide written criticism on each submission read.
Students provide written feedback upon completion of the course.
Students provide written information about weather pictures when they write a descriptive sentence.
Students provides directories on financial aid, professor evaluations and apartment searches.
Students publicize their findings through local and county-wide newspapers and radio shows.
Students publish a biweekly newsletter.
Students publish a daily newspaper when school is in session.
Students publish a newsletter of their pond studies, complete with pictures, on the school Web site.
Students publish a yearbook.
Students publish individual and group research projcts on the web.
Students publish it three times per school year.
Students publish one article a week from their journals.
Students publish online versions of newsletters and newspapers with free Web publishing tools.
Students publish pieces on numerous topics demanding research, interviews, writing, and revising.
Students publish their book and make several copies.
Students publish their completed plans on the Internet.
Students publish their final work online.
Students publish their own anthology of short stories.
Students publish their own magazines and newspapers using an extensive desktop publishing system.
Students publish their reports.
Students publish their work on the Web as part of the class.
Students publish their writing for parents.
Students pull fiber, terminate connections, install and test terminal equipment.
Students pull from many disciplines to complete a project.
Students pull string through the holes to make sure they are line up.
Students pull the data off the server, and have to analyze it.
Students pull the sepals and petals from the flower.
Students pull together and support each other.
Students punch a time card in the mall classroom when they come to work.
Students punch buttons.
Students punch holes in the box in patterns that represent star positions.
Students punch small drainage holes in the bottom of the egg cartons or paper cups.
Students punch too hard.
Students punish difficult professors on their evaluation forms.
Students purchase a block of four classes at the start of the session.
Students purchase a textbook, complete and submit assignments, take scheduled exams.
Students purchase additional required texts.
Students purchase and prepare their own meals.
Students purchase and sell, count money, and make change.
Students purchase breakfast and lunch daily.
Students purchase copies of the novels and plays and an anthology of American poetry.
Students purchase debit cards to use printers.
Students purchase film and additional supplies.
Students purchase film and supplies.
Students purchase handouts.
Students purchase individual supplies .
Students purchase laptops with a wide range of hardware and software options.
Students purchase one packet even if they are enrolled in more than one lab class.
Students purchase own fabric, foam and Dacron as needed.
Students purchase safety glasses and work uniform.
Students purchase safety glasses, work uniform, and some tools.
Students purchase silly sacks with plastic coins to reinforce the concept of money.
Students purchase soft-cover books, workbooks, and laboratory manuals.
Students purchase supplies.
Students purchase textbooks when necessary.
Students purchase texts and provide photographic materials.
Students purchase texts, art supplies, film materials and processing.
Students purchase texts, art supplies, film materials, and processing.
Students purchase texts, film stock and processing.
Students purchase texts.
Students purchase the packet at essentially the cost of the copying.
Students purchase the participant's manual.
Students purchase the software and install it on their own computer.
Students purchase their own books.
Students purchase their own equipment.
Students purchase their own kit materials and uniforms.
Students purchase their own tickets for air-travel and share expenses for van rental.
Students purchase their own tools and safety glasses.
Students purchase their own tools, safety glasses and work uniform.
Students purchase their rings at their schools or at retail jewelry stores.
Students purchase their workbooks at cost.
Students purchase thier own supplies.
Students purchase two textbooks.
Students purchase two uniforms in four years.
Students purchasing textbooks with credit cards can do so on-line .
Students pursue a broad range of interests through a flexible approach to the study of literature.
Students pursue a cognate in a related field.
Students pursue a core of theoretical courses and study at least two primary discourses.
Students pursue a course of study, commensurate with their ability.
Students pursue a curriculum in general education with subjects that are supportive of nursing.
Students pursue a focused program of readings under the direction of the instructor.
Students pursue a four-year postbaccalaureate program leading to a doctor of optometry degree.
Students pursue a general curriculum in liberal arts that includes four courses in sociology.
Students pursue a general curriculum in liberal arts which includes four courses in history.
Students pursue a general program with some specialization.
Students pursue a prescribed curriculum approved by both institutions.
Students pursue a program of study aimed at understanding basic skills needed by managers.
Students pursue a program of study that includes both pure and applicable mathematics.
Students pursue a program of study which includes both pure and applicable mathematics.
Students pursue a programme based on carefully described, concrete problems that arise in practice.
Students pursue a research project related to adult learning.
Students pursue a research project.
Students pursue a rigorous course of studies at honors and advanced levels.
Students pursue a semi-independent project.
Students pursue a significant problem independently, under the guidance of a faculty member.
Students pursue a special interest and share information and experience with the group.
Students pursue a specific portfolio application throughout the course.
Students pursue a systematic study of certain systems.
Students pursue a thesis or non-thesis option.
Students pursue a topic independently but with instructor guidance.
Students pursue academic majors in colleges of their choice.
Students pursue advance degrees.
Students pursue advanced course work and research during their fourth year of enrollment.
Students pursue an area or problem in more depth than possible in other courses.
Students pursue an independent field research project.
Students pursue an in-depth exploration of a topic of interest in community health.
Students pursue both business and music courses.
Students pursue both degrees simultaneously.
Students pursue career objectives through the various programs offered in the department.
Students pursue careers as news and sport reporters, video editors, disc jockeys, and videographers.
Students pursue careers.
Students pursue clinical experiences with persons across the life span.
Students pursue coursework, research, and also teach at the university level.
Students pursue degrees.
Students pursue directed assignments in several sculptural areas.
Students pursue dual majors for a variety of reasons.
Students pursue either a bachelor of science or a bachelor of arts degree.
Students pursue either the environmental policy track or the environmental science track.
Students pursue expertise.
Students pursue graduate degrees in the medical field and basic scientific research.
Students pursue graduate degrees.
Students pursue graduate studies in engineering and in management at leading institutions.
Students pursue group work and coordinated projects to develop skills beyond rote memorization.
Students pursue human and published resources in their quest for answers.
Students pursue in depth advanced projects on the graduate level.
Students pursue in-depth research on the topic of their choice.
Students pursue individual projects by translating Japanese articles or patents of their choice.
Students pursue individual projects that encourage typographic experimentation.
Students pursue individual research projects under faculty supervision.
Students pursue individual research projects under the direction of their instructor.
Students pursue individualized programs in English, mathematics and computer skills.
Students pursue individualized programs in English, mathematics, science and computer skills.
Students pursue individualized programs which have been planned with their academic advisers.
Students pursue individually designed programs of seminars.
Students pursue individually designed programs of study.
Students pursue individually designed programs on an interdisciplinary topic.
Students pursue international business as co-majors, along with one or two functional majors.
Students pursue internships consistent with their own interests in a variety of settings.
Students pursue majors offered by the university's other colleges through special honors courses.
Students pursue new knowledge and solve real-world problems.
Students pursue particular areas of their choice and are actively involved in research.
Students pursue photographic competencies to a high level of proficiency.
Students pursue reading or supervised investigation of a problem in human genetics.
Students pursue research activity by completing a thesis for a total of six credit hours.
Students pursue research during the regular Fall and Spring terms.
Students pursue research interests during course.
Students pursue research on a topic of particular interest beyond the normal curriculum.
Students pursue research projects on a wide variety of topics.
Students pursue research through either a thesis or a non-thesis research project.
Students pursue scholarly inquiry by completing a project or thesis.
Students pursue scientific inquiry of the natural world through class and laboratory activities.
Students pursue similar interactions with the teaching intern by attending tutor-review sessions.
Students pursue special interests through in-depth projects.
Students pursue specialized study in a variety of subjects in library and information studies.
Students pursue study on a full-time basis and complete the program in four terms.
Students pursue supervised independent design and analysis.
Students pursue the bachelor of arts, bachelor of music, and bachelor of philosophy degrees.
Students pursue the broadest range of future career alternatives in nursing.
Students pursue the degrees simultaneously.
Students pursue the Ph.D. degree through a flexible course of study.
Students pursue the Studio Core through individualized written academic contracts.
Students pursue the university s general curriculum, while majoring in Jewish history and culture.
Students pursue theatre arts for many reasons.
Students pursue their careers in the public, non-profit, and private sectors.
Students pursue their internships in Indianapolis as well as nationally and abroad.
Students pursue their own independent dissertation research.
Students pursue their research both within the United States and abroad.
Students pursuing a certificate examine the processes, problems, and issues concerning aging.
Students pursuing a creative thesis are subject to different standards.
Students pursuing a degree in photography or photojournalism are also welcome.
Students pursuing a fully online program enjoy particular advantages such as flexibility.
Students pursuing a graduate certificate typically have an advanced degree.
Students pursuing a major or minor in the sciences are preferred.
Students pursuing a major or minor in the social sciences are preferred.
Students pursuing college degrees have less tuition credits to pay for.
Students pursuing joint degree status receive only three semesters of aid.
Students pursuing master's level studies can choose one of the degree programs below.
Students pursuing Ph.D. degrees typically finish their program in four years.
Students pursuing the certificate are exempt from the second language requirement.
Students pursuing the degree study the mass media and concentrate on writing within the media.
Students pursuing the thesis option can enroll for six hours of thesis credit.
Students pursuing their first undergraduate degree are eligible for consideration.
Students pursuing their studies full time can complete the program within three academic years.
Students put backpacks in closet.
Students put colored sand into glass or plastic bottles to form some sort of sand creation.
Students put final sketch on cardboard and apply white glue as demonstrated by teacher.
Students put legal search above pres.
Students put problems on the board.
Students put scrambled words in correct order to make complete sentences.
Students puzzle about the mathematical clues.
Students qualify based on their test scores and teacher recommendations.
Students qualify for a degree named by the subjects in which they register.
Students qualify for a library card.
Students qualify for a one-year reduction in the New York CPA experience requirement.
Students qualify for ASHA certification and state licensure.
Students qualify for band when they reach a predetermined page in the lesson book.
Students qualify for either a free, reduced, or regular hot lunch.
Students qualify for extra credit by attending approved cultural events.
Students qualify for government student assistance as follows.
Students qualify for guaranteed departmental funding .
Students qualify for most financial aid based on their eligibility for individual sources of aid.
Students qualify for scholarships, grand and loan programs.
Students qualify for services based on limited language proficiency.
Students qualify for the program according to state and district standards for such placement.
Students qualify for the programs based on their age, where they live, and other factors.
Students qualify for the vouchers if they attend chronically failing public schools.
Students qualify for top Universities.
Students qualify on the basis of objective academic criteria.
Students qualify only at one hundred percent hits.
Students qualify through individual school, district and regional competitions.
Students qualify to receive aid only up to a set number of maximum credits attempted.
Students qualify to take an elective course at the high school level for four semesters.
Students qualifying as first class swimmer are exempt from further testing.
Students qualifying for assistantships typically have tuition waived.
Students qualifying for entrance to a public university in Nicaragua have most costs paid.
Students qualitatively measure the car's acceleration rate.
Students quantify the force, the response of the reflex, and graph the results.
Students query the instructor and each other for tips, techniques and problem-solving strategies.
Students question second candidate .
Students question tenure policy .
Students question whether they ll use the skills they re being taught.
Students quickly adapt themselves to the language used by the trainer.
Students quickly adopt the attitudes of the teacher and paraeducator.
Students quickly become accustomed to the sound of their ensemble whether it is good or bad.
Students quickly become bilingual and the school offers German as a third language.
Students quickly become engaged with lots of oohs and ahhs as events unfold.
Students quickly become self-sufficient and require only limited supervision.
Students quickly begin to learn all the troublesome blends and structural endings.
Students quickly come to know their university as a place where service to others is a priority.
Students quickly come to perceive higher order thinking as a useless and even cruel game.
Students quickly discover that there are no ready sources of electricity or supplies.
Students quickly discover the meaning of a couple of the characters in the cipher.
Students quickly find that living and studying in Seville is a rich and rewarding experience.
Students quickly get an idea of what they're in for as they enter the academy.
Students quickly get the experience of successful reading and practice in good skill habits.
Students quickly get the idea.
Students quickly get to know each other and develop a supportive network.
Students quickly get to know fellow students and faculty.
Students quickly identify the structure of music as it applies to quality of performance.
Students quickly identify the structure of music as it applies to the quality of performance.
Students quickly learn appropriate conduct through examples of faculty, staff, and student leaders.
Students quickly learn how to attend more effectively.
Students quickly learn how to frame a question properly.
Students quickly learn that in the undergraduate classroom the professor is all-powerful.
Students quickly learn that precise typing and precise attention to details are a necessity.
Students quickly learn the fundamentals of a new science.
Students quickly learn to add pictures, clip art, or animation, and adjust the size to fit the page.
Students quickly learn to do it right the first time.
Students quickly learn to read and write words, phrases, and sentences.
Students quickly locate articles using three easy search methods.
Students quickly master the table of the elements.
Students quickly note that it is easier to be brave about a battle that is, as yet, unfought.
Students quickly pass by information unless they are challenged.
Students quickly pass the chicken around the circle.
Students quickly reach a saturation level during research methodology classes.
Students quickly realize that a food web is made up of many food chains.
Students quickly recognize that their electronic documents can be easily shared.
Students quickly see and respond positively to TAs who are interested in being good teachers.
Students quickly sketch a machine on a piece of paper as it comes to mind.
Students quickly understand the reason for data modeling and appreciate why it is a valuable skill.
Students quietly enter the peaceful atmosphere of the enormous Art building.
Students quit training from disinterest after only two or three years.
Students r eside with Spanish host families.
Students race a monster to the finish line, advancing for each problem solved correctly.
Students race against each other to call out the sum or product of the values of their cards first.
Students race cars on a magnetic track and determine a figure of merit.
Students race cars on lowered ramp, and note differences.
Students race their vehicles against other high school students and engineers throughout the year.
Students raid the shareware programmes on games.
Students raise a lot of funds for the affair, which is given at no cost for seniors.
Students raise a small flag on the side of their carrel if help is needed.
Students raise funds for the conventions selling chocolate chip cookies.
Students raise hand to signal others to get quiet.
Students raise hand to signal others.
Students raise hands when they think they have the correct answers.
Students raise hands.
Students raise money and do much of the itinerary, food planning, and budgeting, etc.
Students raise money for competition fees, uniforms, and transportation.
Students raise money for various projects through fundraisers.
Students raise money from sponsors, who pledge a certain amount for each problem solved.
Students raise money to cover their airfare, food, and lodging.
Students raise money to help feed the homeless in our town.
Students raise plants for themselves and for sale in the school's greenhouse.
Students raise pledges to attend event.
Students raise questions, challenge assumptions, and lead debates.
Students raise revenues through such activities to help fund the week's events.
Students raise salmon and learn about water quality and fish development.
Students raise their hands each time they hear the item.
Students raise their hands in response and stop talking.
Students raise their hands to be called on to ensure that every student has a chance to speak.
Students raise their hands when they think they've formed a good sentence.
Students raise their own funds, organize training sessions, and locate potential project sites.
Students raise their own mealworms and observe their life cycle.
Students raise their voices in frog sound celebrations.
Students raise thoughtful question about how the different parts of the study site work together.
Students rally against racism.
Students rally for course on the Bible.
Students rally for opening of debates .
Students randomly receive one of the nine prompts on which to write.
Students randomly select a research from the listed generated by the teachers.
Students randomly select one card until each character has been selected.
Students randomly take tests in four of the five areas.
Students rang the bell in celebration after a big Georgia win.
Students range from basic science bachelor students, to health care professionals.
Students range from beginners to accomplished dancers who have been studying for many years.
Students range from beginners to advanced.
Students range from children to adults.
Students range from children to middle age adults from all walks of life.
Students range from elementary to high school.
Students range from infants to kindergarten age.
Students range from kindergarten through high school .
Students range from kindergarten through high school.
Students range from ninth grade to seniors.
Students range from novices to experienced users.
Students range from preschool to high school.
Students range from pre-school to middle school.
Students range from preschool to middle school.
Students range from seniors through postdocs, and occasionally faculty sit in on the course as well.
Students range from standard one to senior high school.
Students range from teenagers, single moms and seniors to doctors, lawyers and graduate students.
Students range from teens to senior adults.
Students range from third through seventh grade.
Students range from true bilinguals to either English or Spanish dominant.
Students range from very young children to seniors.
Students range from younger learners to students and working people.
Students range in age from eighteen to eighty years.
Students range in age from eighteen to eighty.
Students range in age from fourth grade through high school.
Students range in age from high school students to retired persons.
Students range in age from infants to senior citizens.
Students range in age from kindergarten to high school.
Students range in age from late teens to seniors.
Students range in age from pre-schoolers to adults and are taught in group and individual lessons.
Students range in age from seven years old to adult.
Students range in age from their early twenties to their forties.
Students range in age from their teens to senior citizens.
Students range in age from three to fourteen years old.
Students range in age from twenty to their mid forties.
Students range in age from two and three-quarters to five years old.
Students range in ages from eight to eighteen.
Students range in ages.
Students range in all ages and come from a variety of cultural backgrounds and professions.
Students range widely in age and background.
Students rank a variety of actions in terms of seriousness.
Students rank each plant they choose based on field observations.
Students rank galaxies by distance.
Students rank proposals.
Students rank standards.
Students rank the magnets in order of strength.
Students rank the two labs that use computers lowest in popularity.
Students rant the city by electing their own city officials.
Students rapidly increase their presentation skills.
Students rate academic services, campus facilities, college climate and student impressions.
Students rate an instructor on what they have learned.
Students rate corporate America.
Students rate each core requirement and indicate which had most beneficial and most troublesome.
Students rate it as very interesting and readable.
Students rate overall performance and specific attributes such as food quality, service, etc.
Students rate the body types and respond to a set of questions about their gender identity.
Students rate the helpfulness of their teammates during the final exam period.
Students rate the quality of teaching very high.
Students rate the safety of different medicine containers.
Students rate the study guide as important to prepare for contact sessions.
Students rate the study guide as very important when preparing for tests.
Students rate their own schools, based on consumption of alcohol and marijuana, and other criteria.
Students rate themselves in practice sessions, then retell stories to a peer.
Students rate themselves on the same form and evaluate their performance with the teacher.
Students rave about career initiatives but fault academic program.
Students reach a solid level of linguistic competence.
Students reach goals.
Students reach into the container and randomly select one card.
Students reach out beyond the classroom to gather research for their portfolios.
Students reach out for racial harmony, justice Reaching out.
Students reach out to other students to stimulate their interest in science and in learning.
Students reach potential.
Students reach professional goals.
Students reach the dam where a picknick has been spread out on the tables.
Students reach the point of no return for subject selection at the proposal stage.
Students reach their educational and developmental potential.
Students reach their educational goals.
Students reach their goals through regular attendance at classes and laboratories.
Students reaching students is the key to see a movement happen.
Students react as individuals.
Students react differently to different teaching styles, educational approaches, environments, etc.
Students react favorably to speech.
Students react in writing or on a tape recorder to the information presented.
Students react poorly to papers that have been liberally splashed with red ink.
Students react positively to teachers who seem to be firmly in control of the situation.
Students react positively when they are treated as mature, capable individuals.
Students react Reaction to the debate and the candidates was mixed.
Students react The sentiments of students are harder to discern.
Students react to college in a variety of ways.
Students react to such things as the use of facilitators and observers in a reading group.
Students react to the times.
Students react to their environment and that is something that is passed down.
Students react to their teachers.
Students react to what they have just heard.
Students react to what they see and hear.
Students react with disbelief to terrorism tragedy.
Students react with stories of their own anxieties.
Students read a book and take a computerized comprehension test.
Students read a book and then take a test on the computer.
Students read a book at their reading level.
Students read a book or are read to, take a comprehension quiz, and accumulate points.
Students read a book, take a computerized comprehension test and earn points.
Students read a book, take a quiz on the computer about the book, and receive prompt feedback.
Students read a book, then take a comprehension test on the computer.
Students Read a Book.
Students read a broad sampling of the major works of each significant period.
Students read a chart depicting ancient number systems, then complete a worksheet.
Students read a comprehensive text that is relevant to their lives.
Students read a cultural history text in English.
Students read a description of an item of clothing.
Students read a few substantial texts from Spanish literature.
Students read a good representation of grade appropriate narrative text.
Students read a handout with reverse writing using mirrors.
Students read a history of documentary films.
Students read a large number of plays during the semester.
Students read a letter thanking and recognizing teachers who made a difference.
Students read a long feature article about development in the school neighborhood.
Students read a map and use a globe to find continents, countries, oceans, and the equator.
Students read a modern British novel or play of their choice.
Students read a multiparagraph advertisement from the local newspaper.
Students read a mystery story independently or Teacher reads a story to class.
Students read a newspaper article about a restaurant that serves insects.
Students read a novel and complete a research paper.
Students read a novel and various short stories by German authors.
Students read a patch of landscape and write about it.
Students read a piece and then answer questions.
Students read a poem about making choices and then write their own stories or poems.
Students read a question or problem, answer it, and then check their answer.
Students read a required textbook and a packet of articles.
Students read a research article and answer some questions about it.
Students read a second news article about a trial with a surprise witness and analyze it.
Students read a selection from their textbook and draw a picture of the main events or characters.
Students read a selection of short stories and write stories of their own.
Students read a sentence and then indicate which of four choices correctly completes the sentence.
Students read a sentence which contains one of the four common problems assigned or selected.
Students read a series of essays on contemporary culture and the arts.
Students read a series of situations.
Students read a set of articles about a topic relating to the curriculum.
Students read a short story and then reflect on it for a few minutes.
Students read a short story.
Students read a story or selected passages silently.
Students read a sympathetic account of a hate crime as told by the victim.
Students read a target language brochure to select a vacation spot.
Students read a target language catalog to find specified items and fill out order forms.
Students read a text on selected movie stars and give facts to peers.
Students read a text provided by the teacher.
Students read a text segment or engage in an interactive learning activity.
Students read a textbook, primary sources and two case studies of sixteenth-century witchcraft.
Students read a variety of complete works from several genres.
Students read a variety of cultural texts as models of written expression.
Students read a variety of first-person accounts of immigration.
Students read a variety of less familiar contemporary and traditional narratives.
Students read a variety of literary and cultural texts as models of written expression.
Students read a variety of short pieces from an anthology, followed by a full-length work.
Students read a variety of text including narrative, informational, persuasive and workplace.
Students read a variety of texts and perform reading tasks that are typical of seminary study.
Students read a variety of texts dealing with literacy.
Students read a variety of texts for a variety of purposes.
Students read a wide but reinforcing and stimulating group of subjects.
Students read a wide range of literature from many time periods.
Students read a wide range of materials using a variety of appropriate skills and strategies.
Students read a wide range of plays from throughout theatre history, but focus on contemporary work.
Students read a wide range of texts with purpose, understanding and critical awareness.
Students read a wide range of texts.
Students read a wide variety of literary works including satire and drama.
Students read a wide variety of materials individually, in small groups, and whole class.
Students read a wide variety of short stories from different historical periods.
Students read about archaeology and participate in variety of classroom activities.
Students read about conflict.
Students read about courtship practices, wedding preparations, ceremonies, and celebrations.
Students read about document production and editing issues from textbooks and professional articles.
Students read about document production issues from textbooks and professional articles.
Students read about effects of environmental tobacco smoke.
Students read about famous and important people in our history.
Students read about industrial papermaking and explore hand papermaking.
Students read about issues in literacy and write a substantial paper.
Students read about metamorphosis.
Students read about modern industrial papermaking and explore hand papermaking.
Students read about one book a week as well as some supplementary material.
Students read about seven pages of the text each week in preparation for class discussion.
Students Read about student experiences and how they are improving their teaching skills.
Students read accounts of problems and learn to negotiate and reason to find solutions.
Students read actual articles and selections from Japanese literature in the second semester.
Students Read all the information on our Website.
Students read along and answer questions posed in the text.
Students read along and choose pictures to answer questions posed in the text.
Students read aloud and answer questions.
Students read aloud and determine the meaning of the silly words based on the sentences.
Students read aloud and discuss their writing.
Students read aloud and silently graded passages, then answer comprehension questions.
Students read aloud daily in small groups.
Students read aloud, discuss their work and publish an anthology.
Students read aloud, tell and retell stories.
Students read American literature closely, within historical and social contexts.
Students read and analyze academic texts and write papers based on the information in the texts.
Students read and analyze fairy tales incorporating literary and social theory in their discussion.
Students read and analyze literary stories by well-known writers.
Students read and analyze primary source materials as well as supplemental readings.
Students read and analyze representative comedies, tragedies, romances, and histories.
Students read and analyze selected essays and articles.
Students read and analyze selections from Roman comedy, tragedy, epic, lyric, letters, and satire.
Students read and analyze six books of original reporting.
Students read and analyze texts and keep nature journals.
Students read and are learning to analyze many types of literature.
Students read and brief cases with more discussion.
Students read and brief criminal court cases.
Students read and brief current and landmark cases.
Students read and brief landmark cases.
Students read and comment on each others' work.
Students read and comment on one another's work.
Students read and complete activities.
Students read and critically discuss primary literature.
Students read and critique contemporary short stories and make oral presentations.
Students read and critique each other's work.
Students read and discuss a book about recycling.
Students read and discuss a variety of books, many of which are historical fiction.
Students read and discuss a variety of classroom novels as well as self-selected works.
Students read and discuss a variety of literary and journalistic selections.
Students read and discuss a variety of materials, including American newspapers and magzines.
Students read and discuss a wide variety of materials, presenting a variety of viewpoints.
Students read and discuss articles and conduct a short research project.
Students read and discuss articles and excerpts in class and conduct a short research project.
Students read and discuss biographies and autobiographies.
Students read and discuss books, stories, rhymes and songs.
Students read and discuss classical examples of participant-observation research.
Students read and discuss current and classic research papers from the primary literature.
Students read and discuss drama, poetry, short stories, novels, and nonfiction.
Students read and discuss excerpts from the original literature.
Students read and discuss historical and cultural background of the Spanish speaking world.
Students read and discuss interviews from previous years, magazines, and newspapers.
Students read and discuss journal articles related to aesthetics in their content areas.
Students read and discuss key works of philosophy, political theory, drama, and literature.
Students read and discuss Latin American and Spanish short stories through the year.
Students read and discuss leading writers of America to the Civil War.
Students read and discuss literature from colonial times to the present.
Students read and discuss meaning of mystery writing.
Students read and discuss papers written by master software engineering professionals.
Students read and discuss poetry, fiction, and drama.
Students read and discuss poetry, fiction, personal narratives, and plays.
Students read and discuss representative short stories.
Students read and discuss representative works by well-known authors.
Students read and discuss research in order to understand the role research plays in education.
Students read and discuss science fiction that depicts a future made better by science.
Students read and discuss selected major works.
Students read and discuss short fiction, drama, and poetry.
Students read and discuss short literary texts.
Students read and discuss short reading selections provided and analyze the filmstrip.
Students read and discuss short stories and parts of novels to evaluate author s writing style.
Students read and discuss short stories, essays, and news articles on current events.
Students read and discuss stories in partners.
Students read and discuss the opinions of judges in actual cases.
Students read and discuss the preamble to selected state Constitutions and the U.S. Constitution.
Students read and discuss the story The Animal Clinic .
Students read and discuss their materials in their groups.
Students read and discuss their work regularly and revise their stories.
Students read and discuss two youth novels.
Students read and discuss works of some of the major authors.
Students read and discussed three classic adventure books for three weeks each.
Students read and discussed various Arabic texts from early and medieval periods.
Students read and edit all workshop manuscripts and prepare critiques.
Students read and evaluate sections of a newspaper looking for opinions vs. facts.
Students read and follow directions to organize materials.
Students read and follow the directions to complete a Cretaceous scene.
Students read and in some cases memorize poems.
Students read and interpret advanced reading passages.
Students read and interpret material from culturally relevant textbooks.
Students read and interpret written instructions to develop logical solutions to problems.
Students read and interpreted the pollution count on the weather page of the newspaper.
Students read and listen to experts in the field as part of the course.
Students read and listen to legends and perform writing activities related to the genre.
Students read and made notes from each web site.
Students read and make critical presentations of papers from the current research literature.
Students read and notate music .
Students read and notate music.
Students read and perform for senior citizens in the community.
Students read and present current and forthcoming articles and papers.
Students read and present current research articles guided by two faculty members.
Students read and present papers from the literature.
Students read and present research papers and attend seminars given by visiting scientists.
Students read and present the works of leading researchers.
Students read and present their findings for class discussion weekly.
Students read and proceed as directed in handouts.
Students read and react to articles in professional journals and other pub lications.
Students read and recognize literature as a record of human experience.
Students read and recognize literature as a record of life experiences.
Students read and recognize literature as an expression of human experience.
Students read and reflect on seminal texts.
Students read and re-read.
Students read and respond to a variety of significant works of childrens' literature.
Students read and respond to a wide variety of children's literature.
Students read and respond to a wide variety of significant works of children's literature.
Students read and respond to books of varied genre and complexity.
Students read and respond to historically or culturally significant works of world literature.
Students read and respond to narrative and expository texts from multicultural sources.
Students read and review operator s manual and state of Kansas regulations in class.
Students read and sign, and parents read and sign.
Students read and spell the words gum and bump.
Students read and study a variety of texts that reflect our diverse literary heritage.
Students read and take comprehension tests from the computer program.
Students read and take notes on Chapters Eleven through Fifteen.
Students read and then wrote a reaction to the ending of the story.
Students read and translate foreign source material before class.
Students read and understand a variety of materials.
Students read and understand a variety of texts and develop academic study skills and work habits.
Students read and understand grade level appropriate material.
Students read and understand grade level- appropriate material.
Students read and understand grade level appropriate materials.
Students read and understand grade-level appropriate material.
Students read and use a text book for the class.
Students read and view models of excellence in news reporting.
Students read and view videos about some of the micro cultures of society.
Students read and write a short abstract of their article.
Students read and write a variety of forms.
Students read and write about animals and their habitats.
Students read and write about current issues.
Students read and write about stars.
Students read and write as they explore issues.
Students read and write every day.
Students read and write extensively.
Students read and write in English, discussing differences between native lan- guages and English.
Students read and write on their own to develop vocabulary and grammar beyond the survival level.
Students read and write short passages on various real-life situations.
Students read and write texts of increasing complexity, discussing various cultural topics.
Students read and write various essays and practice prewriting, composing, revising and editing.
Students read and write with motivation and purpose, with a focus on comprehension and quality.
Students read and wrote about a variety of topics that related to the works.
Students read answer questioner.
Students read appellate cases which discuss the merits and applications of the law.
Students read articles from a collection of original and review literature.
Students read articles from Spanish newspapers and magazines and simple short stories.
Students read articles.
Students read as much as possible .
Students read as much as possible.
Students read as much as they wanted each evening.
Students read assigned chapter and define the given terms.
Students read assigned material, such as a textbook chapter, and prepare an essay question.
Students read assigned subject-specific articles and complete tests based on the content.
Students read at home each night to earn miles.
Students read at least one hour a day and often choose to read more when their other work is done.
Students read at least three books from the list and then vote for their favorite.
Students read at their own pace, reflect and talk about their reading with others.
Students read at thier own pace.
Students read authentic texts to younger students.
Students read authentic texts.
Students read background information.
Students read better by reading more and by learning specific reading strategies.
Students read biographies and use the Internet to research stories of courage.
Students read biographies of famous inventors.
Students read blueprints and interpret symbols, notes, dimensions, and tolerances.
Students read blueprints, interpret specifications and codes in designing agricultural buildings.
Students read books about shadow puppets and learned through trial and error how to make their own.
Students read books and accumulate points for themselves and the school.
Students read books and materials about rain forest plants and animals.
Students read books and move along bases until they get to home plate.
Students read books and take tests about the books.
Students read books and then take a test over the book on the computer.
Students read books appropriate to their own interest, maturity, and ability.
Students read books at various levels of difficulty.
Students read books from our library, their classroom, or from home.
Students read books of their choice and then take tests having detailed questions on the books.
Students read books on their own and take tests on the computers in their classrooms.
Students read books that they are able to understand independently.
Students read books then test their comprehension with computerized quizzes.
Students read books to the residents in the lounge, served refreshments and sang songs.
Students read books to younger foreign language students.
Students read books, and then take a test about the book.
Students read books, take computerized tests, and accumulate points for their scores.
Students read books, take quizzes and earn points for reading.
Students read books.
Students read both a text, review articles, and original research papers.
Students read both epics in English before the beginning of the course.
Students read both poems, together with relevant modern scholarship.
Students read broadly in the genre and keep ongoing reading logs.
Students read by themselves.
Students read cards.
Students read caselaw, and write frequently.
Students read cereal boxes to learn more about ingredients.
Students read chapters of the text before attending class on that topic.
Students read chapters of the text prior to exams.
Students read childrens stories in the target language to one another.
Students read classic and contemporary works and write critically about the ideas presented.
Students read code fragments to understand the behavior of a construct.
Students read college level texts with greater skill and increased comprehension.
Students read constitutional amendments and use the information to evaluate laws and actions.
Students read critically for fictional information.
Students read definition of singular and plural pronouns and complete group examples.
Students read descriptions of their upcoming semester.
Students read desert books and watched videos to gain background knowledge.
Students read drawings for the manufacture of parts of products in today's industry.
Students read each expert's page.
Students read each one and voted by ballot for the winner.
Students read each other's finished paragraphs and attempt to replicate the touch described.
Students read each other's work and receive critical evaluations from the instructor.
Students read each question and click the circle next to their choice for the correct answer.
Students read each section, answer the questions, and then move on.
Students read each word as it appears in the machine.
Students read encyclopedic text.
Students read English equivalents of the CCs, notes on structural patterns.
Students read entire text silently or with a partner.
Students read essays to the class.
Students read essays, articles, and short stories and receive a great deal of individual attention.
Students read essays.
Students read examples from each genre and complete writing assignments in support of each genre.
Students read examples of behaviors in animals.
Students read exemplary works and learn to frame their own research projects.
Students read extensively from research and review articles.
Students read extensively in multiple genres from American literature and other world literature.
Students read extensively in multiple genres from world literature.
Students read extensively in multiples genres from American literature and other world literature.
Students read extensively, then come to class prepared to present their ideas to the group.
Students read folk tales from the Kids Explore Series.
Students read folk tales to improve skills.
Students read for a variety of purposes.
Students read for a variety of reasons and write for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students read for a variety of reasons, write for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students read for comprehension, information, pleasure and appreciation.
Students read for comprehension, write for communication, and think critically to solve problems.
Students read for literary experiences, to gain information, to perform tasks, and for enjoyment.
Students read for meaning and can paraphrase texts.
Students read for one minute several times during the year.
Students read frequently.
Students read from ancient Greek poets, historians and medical writers, as well as philosophers.
Students read from ancient Greek poets, historians, and medical writers as well as philosophers.
Students read from classic and contemporary selections and informational text.
Students read from each of the major genres each year.
Students read from good literature.
Students read from Japanese sources about the Japanese economy and Japanese business practices.
Students read from leveled books.
Students read from textbooks, magazines, newspapers, short stories, cookbooks, and the Internet.
Students read grade appropriate material.
Students read high frequency words in stories and other text.
Students read historical fiction, non-fiction and primary source material while exploring a topic.
Students read historical info and use their math skills.
Students read in depth on a subject in the general field of government or political science.
Students read in Portuguese and have to translate to English.
Students read in Spanish, prepare translations and other exercises, and expand vocabulary.
Students read independently a selection of plays.
Students read independently and answered questions.
Students read independently and confidently.
Students read independently and discuss readings in class.
Students read independently and to each other throughout the day.
Students read independently from materials on their independent reading levels.
Students read independently.
Students read information.
Students read instructions line by line.
Students read instructor messages as a priority.
Students read interactive stories.
Students read introduction information about latitude and longitude.
Students read introduction information about mountains, plateaus, hills, and plains.
Students read it and try to think of possible punch lines.
Students read journal articles and other literature about topics and present a summary to the class.
Students read lectures, finish assignments and send files back for grading.
Students read lesson on web site.
Students read lessons and complete exercises that are corrected by computer.
Students read lessons and then do the week's assignment.
Students read lessons online and in required textbooks.
Students read letters written by citizens on a wide variety of issues.
Students read literary works and write focused, persuasive essays on literary topics.
Students read literature, take notes, and discuss their ideas in a group.
Students read manuscripts in class.
Students read many little books on their reading level to build fluency and confidence.
Students read many science trade books and watch laser discs and videos.
Students read material about how to improve society and then worked on special projects.
Students read material on current research on education assessment and intervention.
Students read material together and answer the questions.
Students read materials of extended length containing technical and non-technical information.
Students read materials on the net or in their textbook.
Students read materials pertinent to their major fields.
Students read materials relating to debate topics, prepare questions, and participate in one debate.
Students read more difficult literary selections and use videos as a learning tool.
Students read more extensively from a variety of Roman authors in both prose and poetry.
Students Read More.
Students read mostly short stories and some texts of political speeches.
Students read mystery books.
Students read mythology and works of the period such as The Tale of Troy and Beowulf .
Students read news and literary texts in the original version.
Students read newspapers and magazines.
Students read non-fiction as models for writing and consider ways to teach nonfiction writing.
Students read non-sheltered literature, various short stories and poetry .
Students read non-sheltered literature, various short stories and poetry.
Students read notes.
Students read novels and begin to look closely at the author s use of language and writing style.
Students read novels and collections of essays, responding with critical essays.
Students read novels and poetry about selected cultures written by both outsiders and insiders.
Students read novels in groups.
Students read novels, plays, watch films and videos.
Students read novels, short stories and poetry by Native American authors.
Students read novels, short stories, poetry, and one play.
Students read novels, work in groups, and create presentations - all in Spanish.
Students read numerous short stories and plays.
Students read on average two chapters per week.
Students read on level daily in a guided reading period with their teacher.
Students read original documents in literature, philosophy, religious thought and social thought.
Students read original journal articles and participate in discussions.
Students read original research papers and review articles, and present seminars on assigned topics.
Students read original sources in English and English translations.
Students read original works in translation rather than as excerpts.
Students read original works rather than textbooks.
Students read other students' work and submit articles of their own.
Students read ou their own poems.
Students read papers dealing with racial issues and listen as other group members respond.
Students read passage first.
Students read passages from graded readers, magazines, newspapers, and other available texts.
Students read plays and view one or more versions of each play.
Students read plays, attend performances, and develop critical skills in review discussions.
Students read poetry and prose, write, and get feedback from students and teacher in workshops.
Students read poetry, displayed art, food, weapons and tools, and performed scenes from Greek plays.
Students read poetry, plays, and prose fiction from Mexico, South America, and Spain.
Students read primary documents and recent essays.
Students read primary sources with an emphasis on empirical findings.
Students read primary texts from the ancient world through the post-modern era.
Students read primary texts in depth, building reading and interpretative skills.
Students read proverbs and select one for a pop-up book.
Students read related trade texts.
Students read relevant materials and write about each art work experienced.
Students read relevant sections of the text and supplement when preparing test answers.
Students read relevant sections of the text before attending class on that topic.
Students read relevant sections of the text both in class and outside of class.
Students read relevant sections of the text when having difficulty with homework exercises.
Students read relevant sections of the text when reviewing for quizzes and exams.
Students read relevant sections of the text when reviewing for tests.
Students read relevant sections of the text when reviewing for the final exam.
Students read reports and prepare proposals.
Students read research about educational assessment and intervention.
Students read scripts in their tribal language followed by an English translation.
Students read selected books and take brief quizzes on what they have read.
Students read selected books, take a computer test and earn points based on their score.
Students read selected examples from both Turkish and World Literature from various time periods.
Students read selected graded Spanish readings from literary anthologies.
Students read selected poems for analysis and enjoyment.
Students read selected research studies on ethnic variation in environmental use or perception.
Students read selection.
Students read selections and answer multiple choice questions based on key words and inferences.
Students read selections from Greek and Roman mythology and Roman history.
Students read selections from modern literary works in fiction and poetry.
Students read selections of poetry, prose and drama.
Students read sentences and match words to pictures, draw, write, and use descriptive language.
Students read sentences of up to six words.
Students read sentences they have written to the class.
Students read sentences using the word to identify context clues to meaning.
Students read sentences with the economics terms missing.
Students read sentences, and identify the misspelled word.
Students read several different editorials from the local paper.
Students read several journal articles and write an abstract for each.
Students read several stories about sacrifice and discussed the concept as it affected their lives.
Students read short biographies, plays, and short stories.
Students read short fictional stories and non-fiction materials.
Students read short stories and essays.
Students read short stories and magazine articles to stimulate conversation.
Students read short stories and novels and screen contemporary German films.
Students read short stories and two full-length works.
Students read short stories and two novels and screen contemporary German films.
Students read short stories, novels, plays, and poetry.
Students read short stories, plays and novels.
Students read short stories, poetry, and essays, as well as excerpts from college texts.
Students read short texts and complete guided compositions.
Students read silently each day and there is also a period of teacher reading aloud.
Students read silently or orally, if they have had the chance to practice first.
Students read simple narrative prose.
Students read simple passages which contain basic structures and easy vocabulary.
Students read some novels and poetry each week.
Students read statements.
Students read stories and do math games directly tied to the regular school-day curriculum.
Students read stories and novels about school and learning.
Students read stories and respond to activities in the reading program.
Students read stories based on a midwife, a slave, and a farmer.
Students read stories.
Students read story on their own.
Students read study guide prior to exam.
Students read submissions in advance of the workshop and formulate comments and suggestions.
Students read substantial texts from French literature.
Students read target country advertisements and create one for a similar product.
Students read text material and instructor notes instead of regularly attending lectures on campus.
Students read texts from which they acquire new information.
Students read texts in the target language as well as in English translation.
Students read texts independently and collaboratively.
Students read texts on cultural theory, ethnographic methodology, and ethnographic reports.
Students read texts that lay out the argument for film as a collaborative artistic process.
Students read texts that provide perspectives on the collaborative nature of the filmmaking process.
Students read texts, write reports, and do research.
Students read the article directly from their computer screens.
Students read the article either independently or aloud in their groups.
Students read the articles.
Students read the assigned pages in their text and supplementary notes.
Students read the assigned readings prior to each class.
Students read the assignments in advance from the textbook outside of class meeting times.
Students read the board and if interested submit an application for the position.
Students read the book as part of the summer reading program.
Students read the book in advance and then answer a question or questions based upon the book.
Students read the book.
Students read the books at their own pace.
Students read the books listed and one from an annotated book list.
Students read the books listed below and two more books from an annotated book list.
Students read the case and then work together in study groups to discuss questions about the case.
Students read the case before the class period.
Students read the case individually and then are broken into groups of four.
Students read the chapter and determine if their predications are accurate.
Students read the chapters to be taught beforehand.
Students read the comments made by the students from Ottawa.
Students read the comments made by the students from Quebec.
Students read the content at their own pace and time.
Students read the definition and then click the word in the list that goes with it.
Students read The Diary of Anne Frank.
Students read the entire lesson.
Students read the evidence and decide.
Students read the first section of the story.
Students read the history of the island.
Students read the information and directions.
Students read the information and make notes of the key points.
Students read the letter in pairs taking turns reading out loud and listening.
Students read the list of war-torn countries.
Students read the literature to improve their hypothesis or their experimental techniques.
Students read the major works of authors and examine important films and videos.
Students read the messages, do the lessons and post questions to the instructor.
Students read the myths in translation, and explore how myths functioned in civilization.
Students read the news story and then respond to comprehension questions.
Students read the novel, then watched a movie version in class.
Students read the passage and answer the questions that follow.
Students read the passage and choose the most likely outcome.
Students read the passage and fill in the missing words either orally or in writing.
Students read the passage and fulfill their roles.
Students read the passage, underlining key words and phrases.
Students read the peer evaluations.
Students read the poem again to themselves and make further notes about the messages of the poems.
Students read the poem aloud, chorally.
Students read the poem and answer comprehension and analysis questions.
Students read the poems that inspired their collages.
Students read the primary literature and write two critiques.
Students read the prose description of a pitcher.
Students read the question on the screen and went to work on their individual keypads.
Students read the questions and choose their answers.
Students read the reference material included in the Resource Sheet .
Students read the rest of the story.
Students read the second paper and record the required information on the editing sheet.
Students read the second section of the story.
Students read the selection and apply the strategy to gain clues from the text for any unknown word.
Students read the selection silently to themselves.
Students read the selection silently.
Students read the selection.
Students read the story and answer questions posed in the text by clicking on photos.
Students read the story out loud in small read-around groups to get a sense of the action.
Students read the strategies used in classical rhetoric and examples of each.
Students read the text carefully and answer questions as directed.
Students read the text.
Students read the textbook to gain further insights into the same material.
Students read their books aloud and shared their illustrations.
Students read their books at their own pace.
Students read their card and retell to a partner.
Students read their finished products to the class.
Students read their first draft and provide suggestions to improve their writing .
Students read their lists to the class.
Students read their own materials individually and with others while they do activities.
Students read their own work and learn to critique others.
Students read their own work or others'.
Students read their own writings.
Students read their papers to members of the group.
Students read their poems in pairs or larger groups.
Students read their poems to the class and include it in poetry notebook.
Students read their scripts for the first time and draw a circle around each verb.
Students read their story at a special tea party for parents, family and community members.
Students read their text about the topic.
Students read their text, recording it onto the movie.
Students read their thank yous.
Students read their way to become a crab, octopus, marlin and great white shark.
Students read their work and share comments and critiques.
Students read their work out loud to the class or exchange manuscripts for comments and editing.
Students read their works, and comment on their own and others' stories.
Students read three classic works by British authors and three Shakespearean plays.
Students read to accumulate many points and prizes during the school year.
Students read to become a page, a squire and eventually a knight.
Students read to complete the organizer.
Students read to comprehend, interpret, evaluate, and appreciate a wide range of materials.
Students read to derive meaning from a variety of materials written in the target language.
Students read to each other in pairs.
Students read to each other.
Students read to judge merit of information.
Students read to win a gold, silver or bronze medal.
Students read transcripts of oral history interviews of alumni conducted by journalism classes.
Students read what others are saying and respond.
Students read what they are interested in.
Students read widely in one or two of the three authors and discuss the texts in class.
Students read winning poetry and participated in DEAR time.
Students read works by artists who have contributed to literary movements of global significance.
Students read works of African American writers.
Students read, analyze, and apply the stories to their own personal and social situations.
Students read, analyze, and interpret works of major poets.
Students read, analyze, and interpret works of traditional and modern playwrights.
Students read, analyze, and respond to literature as a record of life experiences.
Students read, analyze, and write about short stories, poems, and plays.
Students read, analyze, discuss, and write about Hispanic literature.
Students read, both in class and outside of class, a variety of materials.
Students read, check out books and receive instruction in library usage.
Students read, critique, and present short reports on articles in mathematics journals.
Students read, design, write, and use computer software programs.
Students read, discuss and write compositions on representative selections from each period.
Students read, discuss, and write about readings from various disciplines in the college curriculum.
Students read, discuss, and write analytically about literary works.
Students read, discuss, and write essays that explore contemporary social issues.
Students read, discuss, see, and critique plays ranging from the classical to the contemporary.
Students read, evaluate, and respond to each other's essays.
Students read, hear, explore, and write.
Students read, interview scientists, organize, write simply and clearly, rewrite.
Students read, play games and work on crafts with their adopted grandparent.
Students read, present and discuss research papers from a variety of areas in biology.
Students read, present and discuss research papers in the geosciences.
Students read, react to, and discuss a variety of advanced level fiction and non-fiction texts.
Students read, recognize, and appreciate literature as a record of human experience.
Students read, reflect and write assignments in their own time, but with guidance.
Students read, reflect and write.
Students read, research, draw and write about pirates from North Carolina .
Students read, researched, reflected and wrote about aging, poverty and homelessness.
Students read, select and summarize the three top items of the day.
Students read, sometimes independently, sometimes in pairs or groups.
Students read, study, write, and discuss various aspects of the topic to be covered.
Students read, summarize and analyze various texts.
Students read, summarize, analyze, debate, and synthesize interdisciplinary texts and lectures.
Students read, take quizzes on books, and win prizes.
Students read, tap, and concentrate only on rhythm.
Students read, think, write, role-play, and discuss the basics of criminal and civil law.
Students read, understand and interpret Latin or Greek.
Students read, understand, and communicate mathematical ideas both orally and in writing.
Students read, understand, and interpret Latin.
Students read, write about and discuss current business topics.
Students read, write about and discuss significant literary texts in English.
Students read, write and speak Spanish.
Students read, write and talk about great literature.
Students read, write position papers and discuss controversial political, social and gender issues.
Students read, write, and are read to on a daily basis.
Students read, write, and assess their own papers.
Students read, write, and converse in French daily.
Students read, write, and converse in Spanish daily.
Students read, write, and do research.
Students read, write, and speak about novels, plays, short stories, and poems.
Students read, write, andd speak about novels, plays, short stories, and poems.
Students read, write, listen to, and speak about particular topics of interest.
Students read, write, peer-review, and revise papers online.
Students read, wrote and listened for literary response and expression.
Students read, wrote, calculated and enjoyed the first day of their brand new school.
Students readily get to know one another.
Students readily grasp the syntax of a simple page.
Students readily pick the procedure for scanning in one demonstration.
Students readily see that the triangle itself is based on a recursive relationship.
Students reading the same book form their own literature circle, and discuss an open-ended question.
Students reading the screen are no longer able to just remember the sequence.
Students realise that they have contact with another person with similar problems and fears.
Students realize a heightened sense of responsibility because it is their insect.
Students realize connections to patterns of certain graph data.
Students realize excellent job placement as a result of our unique programs.
Students realize fitness goals.
Students realize goals.
Students realize history is made every day by real people.
Students realize importance of organizing data for others to be able to clearly interpret.
Students realize success through an individualized partnership model.
Students realize that astronomy is a science that can change daily.
Students realize that colleges are a business.
Students realize that different cultures view chemical phenomena and their causes differently.
Students realize that different cultures view geological phenomena and their causes differently.
Students realize that how they approach their learning can impact what they are able to learn.
Students realize that respect makes the school a better place.
Students realize that their picture is distributed world-wide.
Students realize that their situation is one that real professionals encounter in society.
Students realize the benefits of volunteering.
Students realize the importance of physical activity outside the classroom.
Students realize the improtance of physical activity outside the classroom.
Students realize the inseparable nature of math and science.
Students realize their potential as active and engaged learners.
Students realize they are a commodity.
Students realize they can be accepted while making choices that are different from their classmates.
Students realize they can help others and be helped with their problems.
Students realize they can work with others to create knowledge and meaning.
Students realize usefulness.
Students really appreciate the information . . .
Students really become engrossed with designing, manufacturing, and producing products.
Students really benefit from the added visualization.
Students really care about academics.
Students really do benefit from it.
Students really do help each other when given the proper incentive.
Students really do know more than they think they do.
Students really do learn from each other.
Students really do make a difference.
Students really do want the good stuff.
Students really enjoy dressing up and learn more about past and present famous U.S. citizens.
Students really enjoy it because it is an interesting and funny description of a teacher's life.
Students really enjoy observing the change of color.
Students really enjoy seeing the changes the tree takes each season.
Students really enjoy sending teachers email messages and getting messages back.
Students really enjoy the meetings.
Students really enjoy working with microscale equipment.
Students really feel like they are putting on a show every day.
Students really feel they have to be more prepared to make it in a highly competitive world.
Students really gain a lot as far as getting the big picture of a space system development.
Students really get an edge by presenting their research to such a large group of fellow scientists.
Students really get the chance to let their hair down and enjoy pure student fun.
Students really get to understand the concept.
Students really have the opportunity to cultivate relationships with other students and alumni.
Students really have to be self-motivated, since it's too easy to fall behind fast.
Students really have to figure out a lot of things on their own.
Students really jump in and experiment.
Students really know their stuff, but sometimes make small errors.
Students really know what they're looking for in a good teacher.
Students really learn rather than just short term memorizing.
Students really learn when they are motivated.
Students really like being able to securely check their grades online, anytime and anywhere.
Students really like it, even though it is a very simple activity.
Students really like to see the snowman grow throughout the two months.
Students really seem to enjoy the program.
Students really think that's cool.
Students reap benefits of online video service .
Students reap rewards for inspiring designs.
Students re-apply for traineeship support each year.
Students rear, tag, and monitor migrations of monarch butterflies.
Students rebuild an engine and perform various engine tests for performance.
Students recall and review information, correct their misconceptions, and solve problems.
Students recall animal noises by listening to sounds and identifying the animals.
Students recall major events of the story, then illustrate the events in the squares provided.
Students recall the weather events, both spectacular and everyday, that they have seen.
Students recall where the family in the story came from and why.
Students recap what numbers came up most often, and why.
Students receive a bachelor's degree from each institution upon completing the program.
Students receive a basic introduction in the use of microcomputers for various musical purposes.
Students receive a basic understanding of the sciences, particularly biology and chemistry.
Students receive a bed, dresser, desk, lamp, mattress cover, pillow, and bookshelves.
Students receive a better education from experienced teachers than from new teachers.
Students receive a bill prior to each term with appropriate instructions.
Students receive a bimonthly stipend for successful participation in the summer component.
Students receive a biweekly paycheck based upon actual hours worked.
Students receive a bi-weekly paycheck for the hours worked.
Students receive a biweekly paycheck for working for the university.
Students receive a biweekly paycheck of earnings.
Students receive a blend of knowledge in color, design, computer software, typography, and drawing.
Students receive a book each week to read at home with their families.
Students receive a book when they purchase an access code from the bookstore.
Students receive a broad array of relevant insurance issues.
Students receive a broad introduction to engineering through a variety of activities.
Students receive a broad overview of all aspects of the print media.
Students receive a broad quantitative foundation for further study in specialized disciplines.
Students receive a broad training in chemistry, mathematics, statistics and computing.
Students receive a broad training in pure and applied mathematics.
Students receive a brochure at registration concerning the extent of the plan's coverage.
Students receive a calendar each month.
Students receive a CD set, but no copy of the proceedings.
Students receive a certificate acknowledging their participation.
Students receive a certificate and a letter from the Dean.
Students receive a certificate and an eagle pin.
Students receive a certificate and recognition over the morning announcements.
Students receive a certificate noting the achievement.
Students receive a certificate of appreciation and welcomed snacks.
Students receive a certificate of attendance at the completion of the course.
Students receive a certificate of completion after finishing the program.
Students receive a certificate of completion at the end of the program.
Students receive a certificate of completion for language course.
Students receive a certificate of completion necessary to work at hazardous materials sites.
Students receive a certificate of completion that is recognizable worldwide.
Students receive a certificate of completion.
Students receive a certificate of occupational proficiency.
Students receive a certificate of participation on completion.
Students receive a certificate recognizing their efforts once their activities have been completed.
Students receive a certificate upon completion of the class.
Students receive a certificate upon completion of the program and fulfillment of all competencies.
Students receive a certificate upon successful completion of the course.
Students receive a certificate upon successful completion of the program.
Students receive a certificate, ticket to the movies and several other prizes.
Students receive a certificate.
Students receive a check twice a year for six months' worth of loan payments.
Students receive a class syllabus on the first day of classes outlining all course requirements.
Students receive a clerkship manual which outlines expectations, projects, and resources.
Students receive a common core of knowledge, along with skills, concepts and processes.
Students receive a competitive salary which is paid twice a month.
Students receive a complimentary meal when on-call.
Students receive a composite evaluation at the end of the rotation.
Students receive a comprehensive course manual.
Students receive a comprehensive range of services, including counseling and tutoring.
Students receive a comprehensive text book with a course outline.
Students receive a computer chip key ring upon completion of the program.
Students receive a computer printout of how their courses are fulfilling the degree requirements.
Students receive a concentrated effort in the early years to assure a successful beginning.
Students receive a confidential graded evaluation of their performance in each course.
Students receive a considerable amount of hands-on computer work.
Students receive a coordinated tour of both galleries.
Students receive a copy in their advisory group.
Students receive a copy of faculty evaluations in their PhD mailbox after the quarter has ended.
Students receive a copy of the course format when they enroll and attend class.
Students receive a copy of the guide from the counselor or through their classes.
Students receive a copy of the popular Pets Helping People Manual and practice visiting skills.
Students receive a copy of their gradesheet for review.
Students receive a copy of their schedules prior to the beginning of classes.
Students receive a course completion certificate.
Students receive a course credit for participation.
Students receive a course manual.
Students receive a credential to teach English in secondary schools.
Students receive a daily cash allowance for breakfast and one other meal except during vacations.
Students receive a daily lunch allowance.
Students receive a daily snack along with integrated lessons.
Students receive a degree from each program rather than one joint degree.
Students receive a degree in biology with an emphasis in secondary education.
Students receive a detailed bill listing calls and charges.
Students receive a digital multi-meter and a toolkit.
Students receive a digital multimeter and a toolkit.
Students receive a diploma for each degree earned.
Students receive a diploma from their home high school upon graduation.
Students receive a diploma, certificate, or an associate degree, depending on the program.
Students receive a discount on most class-related books when paying by cash or check.
Students receive a discount to use for the duration of the class.
Students receive a discounted rate.
Students receive a faculty-written course manual which is a supplement to the course textbook.
Students receive a final grade at the completion of the two rotations.
Students receive a final grade in a course upon completion of all assignments and examinations.
Students receive a firm foundation in economic practice.
Students receive a flyer during the first days of the new school year.
Students receive a foundation in both theory and history of communication and media.
Students receive a foundation in the theory and history of communication and media.
Students receive a foundation of liberal arts with an emphasis on a professional education.
Students receive a foundation of substantive law necessary for effective paralegal practice.
Students receive a four year national certification.
Students receive a free after school snack before intramurals begin.
Students receive a free book at each session.
Students receive a full course credit for successful completion of their internship.
Students receive a full salary during their industrial placement.
Students receive a full term of academic credit for participation in a full internship.
Students receive a full tuition and stipend package.
Students receive a full tuition waiver.
Students receive a general introduction to the field of psychology.
Students receive a general overview of the framework and learn to write some simple applications.
Students receive a generous stipend, medical insurance, and a full tuition scholarship.
Students receive a good amount of hands on experience with the equipment provided.
Students receive a grade and academic credits for rotation research.
Students receive a grade based on overall performance for individual and group work.
Students receive a grade for a single course at the end of the program.
Students receive a grade for work they do related to the trip.
Students receive a grade in the course that counts toward their overall average.
Students receive a grade in the lab and the credit counts toward sophomore status.
Students receive a grade of satisfactory or unsatisfactory at the end of the semester.
Students receive a ground sample of a commercial antacid.
Students receive a half credit for each course successfully completed.
Students receive a half hour of physical education each week.
Students receive a half hour per week of instrument or voice lessons.
Students receive a handbook and a sample copy of the software for home use.
Students receive a helium balloon on their birthday to help celebrate the special day.
Students receive a high degree of individual attention.
Students receive a high level of individual support as well as an excellent education.
Students receive a high level of personal attention from faculty.
Students receive a high school diploma upon completion of the program.
Students receive a high school equivalency diploma when they meet the state minimum standards.
Students receive a higher degree of personal attention and discipleship from staff and professors.
Students receive a high-powered graphing calculator that they can keep.
Students receive a housing preference form along with the acceptance letter.
Students receive a jot chart to collect main ideas with their supporting details on specified pages.
Students receive a key to their rooms and to any security doors to the residence hall.
Students receive a kit to create their own set of samples.
Students receive a lecture in which basic interviewing strategies are explained.
Students receive a letter grade based on their project proposal, project update, and final thesis.
Students receive a letter grade for each course.
Students receive a letter grade for the course and the credit applies toward graduation.
Students receive a letter of congratulations and an invitation to join.
Students receive a letter verifying the exemption.
Students receive a list of banned books from which they choose one to read.
Students receive a living allowance, some travel expenses, and are housed rent-free.
Students receive a living and travel stipend plus funding to attend the capstone seminars.
Students receive a long distance telephone bill monthly.
Students receive a lot of individual attention.
Students receive a mailed grade report form shortly afterwards.
Students receive a manual and self-study guidelines.
Students receive a manual with each course.
Students receive a maximum of three placement referrals.
Students receive a meal allowance prior to departure.
Students receive a meal allowance to cover breakfast and dinner during the week.
Students receive a means tested bursary payable monthly over the three years.
Students receive a medal indicating the rating received.
Students receive a membership with their full-time tuition.
Students receive a mid-term and final evaluation.
Students receive a minimum of one to two hours per week of individual supervision.
Students receive a modest stipend to cover some meal costs.
Students receive a monetary bonus based on their attendance throughout the program.
Students receive a monthly allowance for lunches.
Students receive a monthly bill at their local address.
Students receive a monthly food stipend to buy and cook their own food.
Students receive a monthly paycheck for the hours worked each month.
Students receive a monthly paycheck.
Students receive a monthly stipend during the school year.
Students receive a monthly stipend for successful participation in the academic year component.
Students receive a monthly stipend.
Students receive a monthly subsistence allowance while enrolled in the advanced course.
Students receive a more broad education while fine-tuning writing and researching skills.
Students receive a new registration receipt each term.
Students receive a newsletter that is totally devoted to pre-registration.
Students receive a non-means tested bursary payable monthly over the three years.
Students receive a numeric grade but no credit.
Students receive a one-hour music skill training session per week.
Students receive a one-hour private lesson each week.
Students receive a paid internship in the field that they are learning about in class.
Students receive a participation grade which is based on their ability to answer questions in class.
Students receive a pass or fail grade.
Students receive a pass or fail score for each test submitted.
Students receive a pattern before class so that design can be marked on muslin before class.
Students receive a paycheck every two weeks for the hours they worked.
Students receive a paycheck for hours worked.
Students receive a paycheck for the hours they work.
Students receive a paycheck once a month for the actual number of hours they work.
Students receive a paycheck once a month for the hours they worked.
Students receive a paycheck twice a month.
Students receive a personal invitation and parents and friends are invited to attend.
Students receive a personal password to log into the class site.
Students receive a Ph.D. degree with an emphasis on cell biology.
Students receive a phone call when an item arrives.
Students receive a picture stamp to rubber cement in the passport.
Students receive a piece of paper with several blocks on it.
Students receive a pocket mask breathing device.
Students receive a point value for each event or program in which they participate.
Students receive a POPmail address.
Students receive a postcard acknowledging receipt of registration.
Students receive a postcard when they first arrive on campus.
Students receive a printed readout of the results.
Students receive a private, combination-locked box for the mail they receive.
Students receive a private, key-locked box for the mail they receive.
Students receive a program to share with parents.
Students receive a rating which ranges from nondisabling to profoundly involved.
Students receive a recreation degree with an emphasis of their choosing.
Students receive a reduced membership rate.
Students receive a reduced registration fee and student members receive further discounts.
Students receive a reduction.
Students receive a regular diploma from their home school.
Students receive a regular flow of e-mails throughout the semester.
Students receive a resource booklet and other information.
Students receive a reward incentive for course completion.
Students receive a reward when they are given a Thunderbolt.
Students receive a room and board scholarship, stipends vary according to project.
Students receive a salary by the medical center and also receive college credit for their work.
Students receive a salary from the employer during the work term.
Students receive a salary plus paid tuition.
Students receive a salary, paid by the company, for their work.
Students receive a salary.
Students receive a scholarship covering tuition, health ins, and a stipend for living expenses.
Students receive a scholarship that covers all institute costs, including room and board.
Students receive a separate grade for each course.
Students receive a separate grade for the laboratory component of the course.
Students receive a separate, one hour credit and grade for the lab course.
Students receive a share of stock for each semester of participation in the project.
Students receive a single bill that includes tuition as well as all other university charges.
Students receive a small monthly stipend.
Students receive a small stipend and help with housing if they are in rural Colorado.
Students receive a small stipend and perform ten hours a week of community service.
Students receive a snack and are provided a quiet place for doing their assignments.
Students receive a snack and lunch daily.
Students receive a social, physical, and spiritual-based education, in addition to academics.
Students receive a solar panel and a motor.
Students receive a solid base in the management basics required of industry.
Students receive a solid education in both theory and practical application of sports medicine.
Students receive a solid educational foundation by studying natural resources and their management.
Students receive a solid theoretical background and extensive writing and editing experience.
Students receive a sound theoretical foundation upon which practical applications are built.
Students receive a special information kit developed for schools.
Students receive a special URL to access the pack online for the term.
Students receive a specific assignment as a treatment assistant within the departmental clinics.
Students receive a statement of their account monthly.
Students receive a sticker and a book for completing the curriculum.
Students receive a stipend and all travel and field expenses are covered.
Students receive a stipend and at the same time learn how mathematicians actually do mathematics.
Students receive a stipend and have many program expenses paid.
Students receive a stipend and living expenses while participating in the program.
Students receive a stipend and remission of tuition.
Students receive a stipend and travel funds.
Students receive a stipend and work with their professor on a research problem developed jointly.
Students receive a stipend at the end of the program.
Students receive a stipend based on the total number of hours spent in the agency.
Students receive a stipend for research and summer living expenses.
Students receive a stipend for their participation.
Students receive a stipend for their work.
Students receive a stipend that covers air fare to their destinations and basic living expenses.
Students receive a stipend to experience biomedical research.
Students receive a stipend to stay for about ten weeks during the summer to complete their research.
Students receive a stipend to support their travel.
Students receive a stipend which comes from the conference, the congregation and the college.
Students receive a stipend which supports their community integration activities.
Students receive a stipend, room and board, academic credit and travel allowance.
Students receive a stipend, travel allowance, and housing allowance.
Students receive a stipend, travel expenses, and room and board.
Students receive a stipend, which covers the cost of housing, food, and personal items.
Students receive a stipend.
Students receive a strong academic background in biology as well as chemistry and earth sciences.
Students receive a strong academic foundation.
Students receive a strong background in both manual and oral systems.
Students receive a strong background in mathematics and science, particularly chemistry.
Students receive a strong foundation in classical and contemporary works.
Students receive a strong foundation in phonics which is lacking in some schools today.
Students receive a strong mathematical background, as well as background in educational theory.
Students receive a strong message that is passed down by each student to other students.
Students receive a strong preparation for college and life long careers.
Students receive a student mailbox at orientation.
Students receive a study packet to further their study in the classroom.
Students receive a substantial discount on their entry fees.
Students receive a substantial grounding in theory, methods, and applied aspects of gerontology.
Students receive a substantial stipend.
Students receive a tally mark for each day they add to the class discussion.
Students receive a taste of college class work without having to actually attend class.
Students receive a taxable stipend paid bi-weekly.
Students receive a technical understanding of current internet systems theory and concepts.
Students receive a textbook and carrying bag.
Students receive a thirty minute small group lesson each week.
Students receive a thorough foundation in theory.
Students receive a thorough grounding in grammar and conversation.
Students receive a three week intensive course in basic laboratory procedures.
Students receive a total of six credits for the combined program.
Students receive a training stipend, which supports their independent living skills activities.
Students receive a transcript for transferable credit.
Students receive a transcript with full details of courses taken, hours and grades received.
Students receive a true liberal arts degree with far-reaching applications.
Students receive a tuition refund according to the schedule printed in the semester class schedule.
Students receive a tuition waiver, health benefits and a stipend.
Students receive a tutorial on each examples sheet.
Students receive a two-year associate's degree upon graduation from the program.
Students receive a UD PIN the first time they register.
Students receive a variety of non-instructional support services.
Students receive a verbal score and a mathematical score.
Students receive a video tape of a lecture in the mail and view it on a VCR .
Students receive a video tape of their full swing analysis.
Students receive a video taped copy of their presentations.
Students receive a videocassette copy of the class animations.
Students receive a videotape of their performance at the end of the course.
Students receive a voctech credit toward graduation and can also earn college credits.
Students receive a waiver that covers tuition.
Students receive a warning for the first cut, detention and suspension for multiple infractions.
Students receive a week off between semesters.
Students receive a weekly check for the hours completed.
Students receive a weekly check to cover their expenses such as food, laundry, and transportation.
Students receive a weekly home and center-based program.
Students receive a weekly homework grade based on timely homework completion.
Students receive a weekly lunch stipend.
Students receive a weekly paycheck.
Students receive a weekly private lesson and attend an orchestral repertoire seminar.
Students receive a welcoming letter and invoice following their registration.
Students receive a wide variety of clinical experiences within numerous agencies in the community.
Students receive a wide variety of services.
Students receive a wireless lap top computer to use.
Students receive a work ethic grade as well as an academic grade for each course completed.
Students receive a workbook and a data disk containing work completed in class.
Students receive a workbook and first aid training kit.
Students receive a workbook, a disk with practice files, plus a certificate of completion.
Students receive a workbook, chart book, and materials to take notes with.
Students receive a workspace that they can use under any computer class they take.
Students receive a written evaluation once a year.
Students receive a written lesson booklet listing a number of exercises from which they choose.
Students receive a written report at the conclusion of the semester.
Students receive a written score report the following week.
Students receive a zero on all assignments and tests missed.
Students receive academic advising before signing up for classes.
Students receive academic and language arts instruction in both English and their home language.
Students receive academic and technical instruction in the classroom and on the job.
Students receive academic credit and faculty supervision.
Students receive academic credit and salaried compensation.
Students receive academic credit and work closely with a faculty mentor.
Students receive academic credit for both clinical programmes.
Students receive academic credit for completing an internship experience.
Students receive academic credit for each course successfully completed.
Students receive academic credit for interning at Chicago's professional theatres.
Students receive academic credit for internships.
Students receive academic credit for participation in the co-op engineering program.
Students receive academic credit for study abroad.
Students receive academic credit for taking the course.
Students receive academic credit for the Basic course taken as an elective.
Students receive academic credit for the internship and related course work.
Students receive academic credit for their internship.
Students receive academic credit for their internships.
Students receive academic credit for their participation.
Students receive academic credit for their work in the company.
Students receive academic credit for their work.
Students receive academic credit for volunteer service.
Students receive academic credit in exchange for practical work experience.
Students receive academic credit while enhancing possibilities for employment after graduation.
Students receive academic credit, valuable experience and good pay for co-op experiences.
Students receive academic credit.
Students receive academic credit.
Students receive academic credits and a salary.
Students receive academic credits for science, health, language arts, and social studies.
Students receive academic education, vocational instructions, social skills training and counseling.
Students receive academic enrichment in math and science, study strategies and lecture note taking.
Students receive academic instruction, tutoring and counseling.
Students receive academic instructions as well as technical and professional instructions.
Students receive academic recognition from their school in order to be considered.
Students receive academic supervision throughout, ensuring quality work during the project.
Students receive academic tutoring in reading, language arts and math.
Students receive access information once enrolled.
Students receive accommodations based upon written documentation from the appropriate professional.
Students receive actual work experience during their senior year.
Students receive additional academic instruction in the basic sciences for the first two years.
Students receive additional help in their class work.
Students receive additional holidays.
Students receive additional instruction in the practices and methods of teaching education.
Students receive additional practice in the genre of their choice.
Students receive additional time for the completion of assignments.
Students receive adequate advising.
Students receive advanced curriculum in science, math, technology education, and computer science.
Students receive advanced instruction in writing, copyreading, editing, layout, and makeup.
Students receive advanced training in microprocessors, computer programming, and engineering design.
Students receive advising, select classes, register and pay tuition and fees all in one location.
Students receive age-appropriate academics, support services, and necessary modified instruction.
Students receive airfare, living expenses and a stipend.
Students receive all benefits of membership.
Students receive all benefits of permanent civil service employment.
Students receive all financial aid while off campus on an approved program, except for work-study.
Students receive all necessary equipment and tools for use during hands on training.
Students receive all services of SSSD without charge.
Students receive ample instruction and guidance.
Students receive an academic credit for performing.
Students receive an accommodation booking form with their offer of enrolment.
Students receive an admissions decision two to four weeks after receipt of all necessary materials.
Students receive an allocation of funds to be earned through part-time employment.
Students receive an allowance for dinner.
Students receive an almost constant stream of information about their health and behavior.
Students receive an analysis and correction of individual speech problems.
Students receive an annual appointment of three quarters for a maximum of two years.
Students receive an AU diploma upon graduation from the program.
Students receive an audit for each degree program in which they are enrolled.
Students receive an award certificate and a share of the income from the endowment.
Students receive an education with strengths in both healthcare and business.
Students receive an educational experience extending far beyond the usual classroom instruction.
Students receive an elective credit for successful completion of the class.
Students receive an e-mail account upon arrival and have unrestricted access to create web pages.
Students receive an evaluation that explains their specific graduation requirements.
Students receive an exceptional level of attention and support throughout their degrees.
Students receive an extensive orientation to university life.
Students receive an hourly wage plus a partial tuition waiver.
Students receive an hour's pay for an hour's work.
Students receive an in-class assignment which is due at the end of the class block.
Students receive an in-district tuition waiver for all credit courses.
Students receive an individual score and comparisons with the scores of other respondents.
Students receive an intensive orientation to Hungarian culture in the first week.
Students receive an intensive science enrichment program in biology, chemistry and medical sciences.
Students receive an intermediate certificate on completion.
Students receive an international focus throughout the entire program.
Students receive an introduction to acid-base balance in preparation for the cardiology block.
Students receive an introduction to both the joys and the rigors of advanced academic work.
Students receive an introduction to computer modeling.
Students receive an introduction to skin and hair care.
Students receive an introduction to the many facets of curriculum development.
Students receive an introduction to the principles of electrical theory and application.
Students receive an introductory overview of Western theatre and drama.
Students receive an invitation during fall quarter to join based on scholastic achievement.
Students receive an itemized monthly invoice at their campus post office box.
Students receive an itemized monthly statement in their campus mailbox.
Students receive an official statement of attainment for modules achieved.
Students receive an onscreen editing credit '.
Students receive an onscreen editing credit on the film.
Students receive an orientation to the library at the beginning of each school year.
Students receive an overall grade based-on the total points earned.
Students receive an overview of fundamental economic laws and theories.
Students receive an overview of GCHS cluster areas and associated career opportunities.
Students receive an upgraded model their junior year and keep the computer upon graduation.
Students receive and administer each of the therapeutic modalities discussed.
Students receive and read electronic reviews of their essays.
Students receive and submit assignments electronically and correspond with teachers via e-mail.
Students receive appropriate instruction daily and move ahead as they master content and skills.
Students receive approximately five hours of instruction per day, five days per week.
Students receive art instruction from professional artists in a creative studio environment.
Students receive art, music and physical education activities in elementary schools.
Students receive art, music, physical education, library, guidance and creative movement weekly.
Students receive assignment of island character to role play.
Students receive assignment sheets for each academic course.
Students receive assignments and present reports.
Students receive assignments in various team roles.
Students receive assignments on a rotating basis.
Students receive assistance in applying for grants, loans and scholarships.
Students receive assistance in choosing a major and exploring career options.
Students receive assistance in course registration and program planning.
Students receive assistance in finding flats in London.
Students receive assistance in job placement and career opportunities.
Students receive assistance in planning post-secondary admissions to university.
Students receive assistance in preparing resumes, writing cover letters, and interviewing.
Students receive assistance in prewriting, structure and development.
Students receive assistance in securing financial support such ans scholarships and grants.
Students receive assistance in selecting and applying to appropriate colleges and universities.
Students receive assistance in tailoring a program based on individual goals and needs.
Students receive assistance to prepare for successful college matriculation.
Students receive associate degrees or technical certificates.
Students receive at home instruction and also receive traditional classroom instruction.
Students receive audio, video and slides from the lecturer.
Students receive auditory and visual help as they write, making it easier to type the right words.
Students receive authorization codes for long-distance charges, which are billed monthly.
Students receive authorized pay and allowances when they attend field training.
Students receive awards based on the ranking of witnesses and attorneys.
Students receive awards for positive behavior and outstanding effort on a regular basis.
Students receive awards for scoring in the upper percentiles.
Students receive awards in several categories for their design projects.
Students receive basic education.
Students receive basic formatting instructions for letters, tables, and reports.
Students receive basic health services at our on-campus health clinic.
Students receive basic information about drugs.
Students receive basic instruction in the function of the autopsy service and the hospital morgue.
Students receive basic instruction in the use of microcomputers for various musical purposes.
Students receive basic negotiation training and are formally assessed in negotiation.
Students receive basic technical training as well as management training.
Students receive basic treatment and are advised if further treatment is indicated.
Students receive between five and ten mass e-mails daily.
Students receive bills for graduation in early spring.
Students receive bills or invoices for tuition, fees, etc.
Students receive books the first day of class.
Students receive both a salary and invaluable experience.
Students receive both academic and applied instruction.
Students receive both academic and athletic scholarships.
Students receive both academic and clinical advisement each semester.
Students receive both classroom education, clinical and field training.
Students receive both hands-on experience and technical knowledge.
Students receive both high school and college credit for completed classes.
Students receive both high school and college credit simultaneously.
Students receive both individual and group supervision.
Students receive both letter and numerical grades for each subject on their transcripts.
Students receive both pay and college credit for work.
Students receive both pay and school credit for their work.
Students receive both practical and threoretical knowledge of the field of dance.
Students receive both private and class lessons within the same week.
Students receive both reading and activity assignments.
Students receive both theoretical and experimental study.
Students receive both theoretical instruction and clinical internship study.
Students receive both weekly private and weekly group lessons and perform in recitals.
Students receive breakfast and dinner meals daily and have their own bedroom.
Students receive breakfast and dinner seven days a week.
Students receive broad training for professional employment in industry or government.
Students receive broad training in agribusiness functional areas and analytical methods.
Students receive broad training in agribusiness functional areas and complete technical course work.
Students receive bus safety training at the beginning of the school year.
Students receive byline credit for work published in magazine.
Students receive career training while the companies receive qualified workers.
Students receive carefully structured, rigorous and comprehensive training in finance.
Students receive cases which are closely linked to the subject matter.
Students receive cash awards to defray the costs of the research project.
Students receive cash back for USED books.
Students receive certificates and ribbons.
Students receive certificates as well as a special video show.
Students receive certificates at the dinner and awards at graduation.
Students receive certificates at the end of each successfully completed course.
Students receive certificates for class attendance once payment has been received.
Students receive certificates for each component which is completed successfully.
Students receive certificates for participation and level completion.
Students receive certificates for the completion of each class in the school-based curriculum.
Students receive certificates for the work skills they acquire though work-based learning programs.
Students receive certificates for the work skills they acquire through work-based learning programs.
Students receive certificates for their achievements and a surprise donation from local sponsors.
Students receive certificates in each discipline as they pass the required skill competencies.
Students receive certificates of honor.
Students receive certificates of participation upon completing each term.
Students receive certificates upon completion of the workshops.
Students receive certificates, medallions, ribbons, plaques, and new reading materials.
Students receive certificates.
Students receive certification at each level.
Students receive checks throughout the month.
Students receive city center newsletters and the international quarterly publications.
Students receive class credit and income for project activities.
Students receive class credit for their work and important connections.
Students receive class materials and syllabus for their second telecourse.
Students receive classroom and on the job training in a state approved curriculum.
Students receive classroom education in word processing, spread sheets and database applications.
Students receive classroom instruction four days a week with one weekday designated for field trips.
Students receive classroom instruction from special education personnel.
Students receive classroom instruction, followed by hands-on practice.
Students receive classroom music education of the highest standard available in the State.
Students receive classroom recognition for displaying positive behaviors.
Students receive classroom training and enter into paid apprenticeships with industry professionals.
Students receive classroom training, as well as supervised clinical experience.
Students receive clinical experience in assisting.
Students receive clinical experience through one required practicum and an internship.
Students receive clinical instruction in major and minor surgery.
Students receive clinical practice in radiology departments of health care affiliates.
Students receive clinical training at one of our affiliated clinical sites.
Students receive clinical training in a long-term care facility and work with clients in the home.
Students receive close attention and supervision.
Students receive close individual attention.
Students receive close supervision and mentoring at every stage of the process.
Students receive coaching for job readiness and job search skills to secure employment.
Students receive coaching in reading original texts and writing analytic essays.
Students receive college credit for courses.
Students receive college credit for successful completion of the comprehensive courses.
Students receive college credit for work related to their educational and career goals.
Students receive college credit if their achievement warrants it.
Students receive college credit in the course while developing the necessary study skills.
Students receive college credit on an official transcript after successful completion of the course.
Students receive college credit only for college-level courses taken.
Students receive college credit while serving their community.
Students receive college credits for their participation.
Students receive community service hours for their effort.
Students receive competitive salaries during their company assignments.
Students receive competitive salaries during their Company assignments.
Students receive complete information about housing options after their applications are accepted.
Students receive computer experience in the computer lab as well as the classroom.
Students receive computer instruction, but time on computers varied depending on equipment.
Students receive computer instruction.
Students receive computer lab user guidelines as part of their course information.
Students receive concrete guidance on how to inquire into democratic reform.
Students receive concurrent clinical practice.
Students receive confidential personal health counseling for a variety of health concerns.
Students receive confirmation email containing username and password.
Students receive consistent and extensive commentary or individualized student reactions.
Students receive content area instruction in both languages.
Students receive context-sensitive help.
Students receive continued support provided they are making satisfactory progress.
Students receive continuing education credits from the college.
Students receive continuous feedback in their work from peers and faculty involvement.
Students receive co-op credit only during the semester that they work.
Students receive copies of real licensing agreements.
Students receive copies of the examiners' reports when notified of their final results.
Students receive counseling and tutoring.
Students receive counseling assistance in the choice of placements.
Students receive course and field work in assessment, consultation and intervention.
Students receive course content through email and Web sites.
Students receive course credit according to program guidelines and stipulations.
Students receive course credit and a field education credit.
Students receive course credit for internship.
Students receive course credit for most programs, and financial aid is applicable.
Students receive course credit for their work while Interning.
Students receive course credit for working with local organizations.
Students receive course credit.
Students receive course credits, stipends or both for laboratory research.
Students receive course materials by mail.
Students receive course notes and reference materials.
Students receive course outlines when they enroll in a class.
Students receive credit and stipends for research.
Students receive credit as well as a small stipend for their work.
Students receive credit for any previous work completed in any other programs or schools.
Students receive credit for assignments in instrumental or vocal performance.
Students receive credit for course work completed during the summer.
Students receive credit for course work the same as other students.
Students receive credit for independent, directed, research.
Students receive credit for literature, mathematics, physics, and physical education.
Students receive credit for one-half of the award each semester.
Students receive credit for only one course.
Students receive credit for participating in a specific seminar in their major or minor fields.
Students receive credit for participation in five different bands and four choral ensembles.
Students receive credit for participation.
Students receive credit for several television-related courses.
Students receive credit for sharing poems in class.
Students receive credit for spring graduation and a salary commensurate with entry-level skills.
Students receive credit for the class and the job as well as receive an hourly wage.
Students receive credit for the work they do as part of the class.
Students receive credit for their participation.
Students receive credit for their work and provide a valuable community service.
Students receive credit for their work while on homebound instruction.
Students receive credit for two courses.
Students receive credit for what they presently know or can demonstrate successfully.
Students receive credit for working with experienced lawyers in all types of legal settings.
Students receive credit from the partner university in which they are enrolled.
Students receive credit in courses by earning a passing grade for a semester.
Students receive credit toward state supported environmental education certification.
Students receive credit upon verification of attendance.
Students receive credit while studying domestic and international trade centers.
Students receive credit.
Students receive credits for each approved, registered and completed internship.
Students receive credits for each course that is successfully completed.
Students receive credits for participating in the year-long clinical program.
Students receive credits for their internships.
Students receive credits toward courses that they have taken in prior.
Students receive critiques and adjustments from the instructor and fellow students.
Students receive current news they can understand.
Students receive daily homework assignments and report cards are distributed every six weeks.
Students receive daily homework assignments of thirty to forty minutes.
Students receive daily individual and classroom listening, speech and language sessions.
Students receive daily individualized instruction.
Students receive daily physical education and music instruction.
Students receive decisions in approximately four to six weeks after their application is complete.
Students receive degrees directly from the provider institution. . . .
Students receive degrees in departmental ceremonies.
Students receive degrees.
Students receive descriptive comments as well as grades.
Students receive detailed and constructive comments on drafts of their assignments from the staff.
Students receive detailed course manuals.
Students receive detailed information about registration before each registration period.
Students receive detailed instructions at the appropriate time.
Students receive detailed narrative evaluations of their work.
Students receive detailed reference notes to supplement the lectures.
Students receive diagnostic evaluations and counseling related to their unique learning needs.
Students receive didactic and clinical training in medical examinations and procedures.
Students receive didactic and experiential training in approaches to assessment and intervention.
Students receive didactic and experiential training in clinical assessment and intervention.
Students receive direct attention and personal guidance through our faculty advisers.
Students receive direct attention throughout the year from both academic and professional advisors.
Students receive direct experience with statistical applications through standardized software.
Students receive direct instruction and guidance.
Students receive direct instruction in English and Math.
Students receive direct instruction, support and modification from appropriate staff.
Students receive direct instruction.
Students receive direct recognition.
Students receive direct, practical, and dynamic teaching from experienced soul-winners.
Students receive directed composition practice on various current and personal themes.
Students receive discounts for MacTV classes and many other benefits.
Students receive discounts for upgraded services.
Students receive discounts on new books.
Students receive discounts on tickets to musical and theatrical productions.
Students receive discounts.
Students receive drug abuse education through videos, discussions and activities.
Students receive drug company pens, and clocks, and coffee mugs.
Students receive drug prevention instruction and practice crisis prevention.
Students receive dual credit for their college classes, both high school and college credit.
Students receive dual credits through integrated secondary school and first-year college programs.
Students receive education and hands-on experience in entrepreneurial environments.
Students receive education through both lecture and workshop courses.
Students receive education, employment, skill training and support services.
Students receive education.
Students receive eight credits valid at any state university in Iowa.
Students receive eight issues of the publication.
Students receive either a pass or fail mark.
Students receive either a pass or fail.
Students receive elective course credit for their internship work.
Students receive elective credit for all courses taught in the program.
Students receive elective credit for maintaining a marketing related job throughout the semester.
Students receive elective graduation credits for the class.
Students receive e-mail messages and respond.
Students receive e-mail messages regarding upcoming events.
Students receive Emory credits and grades and financial aid transfer.
Students receive encouraging cues and responses.
Students receive English language assistance through a migrant teacher aide.
Students receive English language assistance through a pull-out model and computer lab mentoring.
Students receive English language assistance through a pull-out model and in class tutoring.
Students receive English language assistance through a pull-out model and sheltered classes.
Students receive English language assistance through a pull-out model and sheltered courses.
Students receive English language assistance through a pull-out model and tutoring.
Students receive English language assistance through a pull-out model.
Students receive English language assistance through modifications by teachers.
Students receive English language assistance through modifications provided by teachers.
Students receive English language assistance through peer tutoring and volunteers.
Students receive English proficiency certificates.
Students receive engraved medallions and cheques for an amount determined each year.
Students receive evaluations in all suspected areas of disability.
Students receive evaluations of their progress in the middle and at the end of each session.
Students receive evaluations.
Students receive excellent advisement and praise faculty as effective teachers.
Students receive excellent preparation to enter the world of music and business.
Students receive excellent support from faculty members.
Students receive expanded ambulatory-care experience in the six basic disciplines.
Students receive experience in a variety of job settings.
Students receive experience in surgery, labor and delivery, and pediatric surgery.
Students receive experience through in-house job training and community job shadowing.
Students receive experience through practica's and internships.
Students receive experience with retrieving information from sequence and genomic databases.
Students receive experiential learning credit on their academic transcripts for co-ops.
Students receive exposure to and training in a wide-variety of visual art forms.
Students receive exposure to the history of photography and the photographic process.
Students receive extensive academic advisement and career exploration assistance.
Students receive extensive advising support.
Students receive extensive background in strategies of planning, drafting, and revising.
Students receive extensive comments about their writing from their professor and their peers.
Students receive extensive hands-on experience as a result.
Students receive extensive hands-on experience in every aspect of the hospitality industry.
Students receive extensive hands-on experience with modern instruments.
Students receive extensive laboratory training.
Students receive extensive practical measurement assignments of real roadways.
Students receive extensive practical training in dealing with social problems in the community.
Students receive extensive practice in discussion about present day problems and issues.
Students receive extensive programming assignments.
Students receive extensive study guides.
Students receive extensive supervision from both agency and faculty supervisors.
Students receive extensive training in several community job sites.
Students receive extra instruction in mishna, gemarah, Hebrew language and literature.
Students receive extra support for writing effective sentences and paragraphs.
Students receive extra time and practice on math skills and concepts as needed.
Students receive fact sheets, maps, graphs and articles.
Students receive fair and equitable discipline for misconduct.
Students receive feedback about their writing in addition to or instead of a grade.
Students receive feedback and comments along with a grade for each laboratory report.
Students receive feedback and their names are posted on the site if they are correct.
Students receive feedback as an ongoing part of their preparation.
Students receive feedback as they work.
Students receive feedback forms from judges who viewed their project.
Students receive feedback from other students and the professor.
Students receive feedback from various faculty and senior level business students.
Students receive feedback on choices and are scored on their performance.
Students receive feedback on each sermon from faculty and parish groups.
Students receive feedback on the completed assignment the following week.
Students receive feedback on their essay through the half-hour essay tutorial.
Students receive feedback regarding their performance.
Students receive final constructive feedback on the proposed research.
Students receive final grades.
Students receive financial aid from a remarkable array of sources.
Students receive financial assistance for tuition, fees and education-related expenses.
Students receive financial statements which note expenses charged to their account.
Students receive financial support while participating in summer program activities.
Students receive first consideration for admisssion and scholarships.
Students receive first hand experience in the management of an emerging growth company.
Students receive five hours of instruction daily.
Students receive five hours of instruction each day, in addition to supervised studio work time.
Students receive five hours of intensive daily rehearsals, sectionals, and technique classes.
Students receive five upper division credits.
Students receive followup support from the student coordinator.
Students receive formal and informal instruction in the use of the library and information skills.
Students receive formal instruction five times a week.
Students receive formal research training and detailed tuition tailored to their own needs.
Students receive forty minutes of instruction and experimentation daily.
Students receive four credit hours per semester.
Students receive four credits upon completion of the course.
Students receive four full hours of instruction in classes no larger than four students.
Students receive four graduate credits for successful completion of the foundation field practicum.
Students receive four hours of academic credit.
Students receive four instructional ski sets per day.
Students receive four lessons of Spanish language and culture per day.
Students receive four terms of honors credit.
Students receive free campus and local calling.
Students receive free computer accounts, which include an e-mail address as well as Internet access.
Students receive free dial-up internet access when they register for their accounts.
Students receive free room and board and are paid for their attendance.
Students receive free tuition and a stipend.
Students receive free tutoring once a week for their math and science classes.
Students receive frequent critiques and evaluations to measure and pace their progress.
Students receive full and competitive support.
Students receive full credit and a letter grade for the course.
Students receive full credit for courses cross-listed at the three universities.
Students receive full credit for their in-country study towards their degree.
Students receive full funding for their studies at the institute as well as a generous stipend.
Students receive full funding.
Students receive full membership upon the point of entry.
Students receive full pay and allowances commensurate with rank during entire program.
Students receive full refunds if they take a leave within one week of registration.
Students receive full training in recreation setting.
Students receive full-time pay for their work.
Students receive funding for tuition and fees for the full six years of the program.
Students receive further instruction in composition and write frequently in and out of class.
Students receive further leadership training.
Students receive further orientation when they arrive on-site.
Students receive further teaching from individual supervision.
Students receive generous raises for passing exams.
Students receive generous scholarships and other benefits while participating in the program.
Students receive gifted services in their classroom.
Students receive good pay, earn sick leave and vacation, plus are eligible for health benefits.
Students receive good value because they can often buy one course pack instead of several textbooks.
Students receive grade and limited comments.
Students receive grade only.
Students receive grade reports at mid-semester and at the end of the semester.
Students receive grade-appropriate booklets to use with lessons.
Students receive grades after the end of each quarter.
Students receive grades and transcripts from the college.
Students receive grades at quarter and semester.
Students receive grades at the end of each quarter.
Students receive grades at the end of each semester.
Students receive grades based on their performance.
Students receive grades both terms.
Students receive grades for all classes registered unless a schedule change is filed.
Students receive grades for their summer classes.
Students receive grades or credit for successful completion of courses.
Students receive grades quarterly.
Students receive grades.
Students receive graduate degrees in the academic department of their major professor.
Students receive graduate training in the basic sciences as well as oral biology and dentistry.
Students receive graduate training in the basic sciences, oral biology, and dentistry.
Students receive graduate training in the basic sciences, oral biology, anddentistry.
Students receive graduation credit for successfully completing an external course.
Students receive graduation or completion certificates.
Students receive graduation, transfer and study skills information.
Students receive greater depth and breadth of knowledge in the technical field.
Students receive group instruction twice a week.
Students receive growth.
Students receive guidance and support in selecting books both for pleasure and for research.
Students receive guidance from a course instructor through a variety of techniques.
Students receive guidance from entrepreneurs, which is typical of most mentoring programs.
Students receive guidance in developing career objectives.
Students receive guidance in forming a comprehensive, professional representation of their work.
Students receive guidance in professional development and skills training.
Students receive guidance in reading critically and respond orally and in writing to each book read.
Students receive guidance in the methodology and discipline required to achieve business objectives.
Students receive guidance.
Students receive guided supervision throughout their thesis research.
Students receive half an academic credit for their internships.
Students receive half hour instruction weekly with numerous opportunities to use the lab.
Students receive half of all their instructions in English.
Students receive handouts and other materials.
Students receive handouts with detailed information on forming a wedding consulting business.
Students receive handouts.
Students receive hands on experience in preparation, curation and description of fossil material.
Students receive hands on experience with world class instrumentation .
Students receive hands-on education working with the newest and most advanced technologies.
Students receive hands-on experience and instruction in all areas of radio broadcasting.
Students receive hands-on experience at a fish production operation.
Students receive hands-on experience completing assignments in a law library.
Students receive hands-on experience from various outlets.
Students receive hands-on experience in a variety of research techniques.
Students receive hands-on experience in developing exports and learning about international trade.
Students receive hands-on experience in processing images.
Students receive hands-on experience in protecting the environment.
Students receive hands-on experience in the food service industry.
Students receive hands-on experience organizing and leading programs for various age groups.
Students receive hands-on experience using word processors, browsers, and Internet usage.
Students receive hands-on experience with an automated design tool.
Students receive hands-on experience with animals.
Students receive hands-on experience with the new keyboard and the mysterious mouse.
Students receive hands-on experience with various business application software packages.
Students receive hands-on experience working with faculty in various labs.
Students receive hands-on experience.
Students receive hands-on field sampling experience as well as internship opportunities.
Students receive hands-on instruction in conducting communication research.
Students receive hands-on instruction in the arts.
Students receive hands-on practice in how to plan, define, create, and modify worksheets.
Students receive hands-on supervised teaching experience in studio or classroom teaching.
Students receive hands-on training and flight instruction.
Students receive hands-on training and practical experience in doing social research.
Students receive hands-on training and then engineer recording sessions.
Students receive hands-on training in all aspects of the newspaper industry.
Students receive hands-on training in an associated manufacturing engineering laboratory.
Students receive hands-on training in criminal and civil advocacy and mediation techniques.
Students receive hands-on training in surveying and mapping, excavation and artifact processing.
Students receive hands-on training using an industry accepted word processing software package.
Students receive hands-on training using the latest in aviation technology.
Students receive hands-on training while learning and perfecting their technical skills.
Students receive hands-on training with lab equipment .
Students receive hands-on training with lab equipment.
Students receive hands-on trainning in all aspects of the newspaper industry.
Students receive hands-on work experience using the latest machinery in the manufacturing industry.
Students receive hands-on, practical experience when they work on research and design projects.
Students receive health services at low, or no, cost.
Students receive health technique instruction throughout the school year in the related class.
Students receive hearing and vision checks.
Students receive heavily subsidised rates.
Students receive help in choosing courses, selecting a major, and keeping track of progress.
Students receive help in developing and defending their own doctrinal statement.
Students receive help on an individual basis.
Students receive help with basic academic skills, as well as tutoring in specific courses.
Students receive help with math problems, concepts, or work in study groups.
Students receive high quality individual lessons with faculty members.
Students receive high school and college credit for classes.
Students receive high school credit dependent upon the number of hours worked.
Students receive high school credit for jobs in the community, under supervision.
Students receive high school credit on their transcript.
Students receive high school credit.
Students receive high school diplomas.
Students receive higher grades and higher test scores.
Students receive higher professional qualifications by extendingtheir training.
Students receive highest consideration for their first choice site.
Students receive highly individualized academic advising from their assigned faculty adviser.
Students receive honors credit for the entire course.
Students receive housing and a stipend.
Students receive housing at the sponsoring university as well as a research stipend.
Students receive imaginary money and invest online.
Students receive immediate feed back to their questions and ideas.
Students receive immediate feedback and can access on-line assistance.
Students receive immediate feedback and learn the correct answer right away.
Students receive immediate feedback and learn to monitor their progress.
Students receive immediate feedback and supervision of interviewing and patient care skills.
Students receive immediate feedback at each exam station regarding their performance.
Students receive immediate feedback at each measure and beat.
Students receive immediate feedback before moving on.
Students receive immediate feedback on each answer, and no grades are assigned or recorded.
Students receive immediate feedback on the success or failure of their registration request.
Students receive immediate feedback on their work and can check their records anytime.
Students receive immediate feedback on their work.
Students receive immediate feedback when they stray from logical truth.
Students receive immediate knowledge of how well they learned.
Students receive immediate scoring and can click on an explanation for each brain teaser.
Students receive immediate, mainstage experience from their freshman year.
Students receive in-depth academic assessment, take classes and get the experience of college life.
Students receive indepth training in craft and ideas fundamental to photographic imaging.
Students receive individual assistance as needed while proceeding at their own pace.
Students receive individual assistance through counseling and job development.
Students receive individual attention and achieve a high level of competence in their finished work.
Students receive individual attention and work to their own abilities.
Students receive individual attention from faculty dedicated to undergraduate teaching.
Students receive individual attention from professors whose priority is to teach.
Students receive individual attention from teachers and academic advisors.
Students receive individual attention from the instructors.
Students receive individual attention that encourages personal and professional development.
Students receive individual attention to accommodate the skill level of each student.
Students receive individual attention, studying in a flexible and encouraging community.
Students receive individual attention, with classroom size reduced to ensure personalized education.
Students receive individual attention, with special emphasis in Spanish and computer use.
Students receive individual attention.
Students receive individual counsel, criticism and evaluation.
Students receive individual counseling about academics, careers, major choice, and personal issues.
Students receive individual counseling for a minimum of one hour each week.
Students receive individual courses of study based their on assessment.
Students receive individual evaluations and guidance as part of their enrollment in the program.
Students receive individual evaluations written by the faculty.
Students receive individual feedback on all aspects of their progress during their weekly tutorials.
Students receive individual guidance in developing a personal style.
Students receive individual hands-on assistance.
Students receive individual hands-on training in laboratory facilities.
Students receive individual help and no grades.
Students receive individual help in writing labs.
Students receive individual instruction and work side by side with professional archeologists.
Students receive individual library instruction during a reference interview of research project.
Students receive individual scores and comparisons with the scores of other respondents.
Students receive individual supervision by staff on a weekly basis.
Students receive individual support in the preparation of research and writing tasks.
Students receive individual tutoring in English, math, social studies, and science.
Students receive individual tutoring with corrective feedback toward mastery learning.
Students receive individualized and directed assistance to develop their reading and writing skills.
Students receive individualized assessments of their work on a regular basis.
Students receive individualized assistance in an inviting and supportive environment.
Students receive individualized attention and are given first priority by the staff.
Students receive individualized attention and use the latest instrumentation.
Students receive individualized attention in each class.
Students receive individualized attention in every class.
Students receive individualized attention since the class sizes are small.
Students receive individualized attention.
Students receive individualized coaching in their specialized roles.
Students receive individualized daily lessons from a specially trained teacher.
Students receive individualized instruction and feedback from their supervising attorney.
Students receive individualized instruction from tutors.
Students receive individualized instruction in a small class setting.
Students receive individualized instruction in basic math, language, and reading.
Students receive indivudual attention.
Students receive information about a range of study opportunities.
Students receive information about Missouri laws and penalties relating to alcohol and other drugs.
Students receive information about study strategies, while reviewing content material.
Students receive information concerning health and safety practices in day care and preschool.
Students receive information on how to take timed tests, manage test anxiety, what to study, etc.
Students receive information on the band program at the beginning of the school year.
Students receive instant feedback and helpful tips to guide their exploration of math.
Students receive instant feedback on the tutorials.
Students receive instant feedback related to achievement.
Students receive instant feedback to their answers during self-evaluation exercises.
Students receive instant results and instant reinforcement for their reading efforts.
Students receive instantaneous feedback during each exercise.
Students receive institutional credit.
Students receive instruction a minimum of one hour per week after school hours.
Students receive instruction according to their level of ability.
Students receive instruction and are given practice exams.
Students receive instruction and support to increase their reading skill.
Students receive instruction appropriate for their ability level.
Students receive instruction as to the proper use of the Internet.
Students receive instruction from patient approach and comfort to site selection and maintenance.
Students receive instruction from teaching faculty and program staff.
Students receive instruction from the physical education specialists and assistants.
Students receive instruction from trained specialist at all levels.
Students receive instruction in accent reduction.
Students receive instruction in anatomy and physiology, medical terminology, and personal care.
Students receive instruction in basic military skills and leadership techniques.
Students receive instruction in basic studio operations.
Students receive instruction in blueprint reading, welding safety, mathematics, and metallurgy.
Students receive instruction in both lecture and small group settings.
Students receive instruction in both legal principles and practical skills.
Students receive instruction in church music and they all study piano and music theory.
Students receive instruction in computer technology through cycle electives.
Students receive instruction in computer usage and are provided hands-on science activities.
Students receive instruction in courses necessary for promotion to the next grade level.
Students receive instruction in English as well as in Spanish or Hmong.
Students receive instruction in five subject areas and the tests are administered in Spanish.
Students receive instruction in international languages that include Latin, French and Spanish.
Students receive instruction in job search skills and interviewing techniques.
Students receive instruction in journalistic techniques, concepts and philosophies.
Students receive instruction in legal research, legal analysis, and legal writing.
Students receive instruction in library research techniques.
Students receive instruction in library skills and exposure to various genre.
